





321. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Johnson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing sixteen iron horse-shoe moulds, value 6 s. 6 d. twenty other iron horse-shoes, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Champain 
                  




                
            , May 13
. +


                  John 
                  Booth 
               



            . On the 13th of May, about half an hour past six o'clock, I was called out of the warehouse by a person who was upon the wharf, and told they thought a man had been stealing some horse-shoe moulds.
Q. What are you?
Booth. I am clerk to Mr. Champain, he lives in the country, and I have the care of the warehouse; I went down upon the wharf, by the yard called Dyer's Hall-yard


, a yard where we land all our goods as they come; these horse-shoe moulds had been landed and carried into the yard; we had about twelve hundred weight of horse-shoe moulds there; 
               
                  John 
                  Jones 
               



             the next witness, was standing by the prisoner, he can give your Lordship a farther account. I saw the horse-shoe moulds upon the ground, and the prisoner by them; I asked him where he had them from; he said he had them from out of a basket, that stood under the wall at the bottom of the yard; if so, they are Mr. Champain's property; I asked him what he was going to do with them; he said he was going to sell them. I asked him if he knew who to sell them to; he said he did, for he had a parcel before, and had sold them to a man at Horsleydown, and that he was led into that by another man who had shewed him where they were, and where to dispose of them. We charged the constable with him, and carried him before my Lord-Mayor: upon relating the circumstances to my Lord, his Lordship thought proper we should go with him to the man in Horsleydown, that proved to be one Walden. We got a warrant to search for some moulds which the prisoner said he had sold to him the Saturday before; the prisoner told us he bought them, and put them under his counter, there I found one. We took Walden up and had him before a magistrate, and he was committed to Bridewell in the Borough.
J. Jones. I was going to my work at six o'clock in the morning; I met the prisoner coming out at the gate with the horse-shoes in his pocket, I had seen him there before; I asked him what he had there; he took them out, and laid them down on the ground in the yard; I went and called Mr. Booth and the watchman, the watchman called a constable; we took the prisoner to the Poultry Compter. I asked the prisoner where he had the moulds; he said from out of a basket where the others lay, belonging to the prosecutor.
Prisoner's defence.
I took those things to be sure.  

               Guilty
            .  


               T
            .
