





426. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Conner 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the King's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Adam 
                           Couden 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person a silver watch, value 4 l. his property, and against his will
            , August 7
. +


                  Adam 
                  Couden 
               



            . On the 7th of August, I had been at Marybone, and was coming home; when in Russel-street


, between one and two in the morning, a man came and collar'd me; I was knocked down instantly by another behind me; I received the blow under my left eye; I got up again, and having a cane, I struck at them; I saw there were more than two. I was knocked down again, and my cane and watch were taken from me; they beat me very much; the second blow was given me on the back part of my head; I cannot swear to any of the men: my watch is No. 168. 
               
                  William 
                  King 
               



             the maker; I have seen it since, there is a bill in it, of the man's that cleaned it last, and where he lives, a triangle seal, and a silver scollop over the key-hole. (Produced and deposed to.)


                  Edward 
                  Wright 
               



            . I happened to be at a house in St. Giles's, where the prisoner was drinking; he haul'd the watch out of his pocket; he said it was his father's, and he had fetched it out of pawn; he offered to sell it to a man for thirty-five shillings: he delivered it into a man's hand, and that man delivered it to me. I took the prisoner to the Round-house; the next morning when I went to take him before the justice, he said, Mr. Wright. I told you a lie, I found the watch just by where you live, in Charles-street, by the stand of coaches.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going home, about one or two in the morning, and happened to see this watch just before me. I picked it up, and went home directly; the next day I looked in the advertiser, and saw no such thing advertised: the next night, I went to see for 
               
                  Ned 
                  Wright 
               



            , at the King's Head, Seven Dials; they said he was up stairs, in the club: I sat down, and pulled this watch out; he asked me to let him look at it; he looked at it two or three times; they got me drunk, and I happened to fall asleep. As soon as I awaked, I asked who had got my watch? they had picked my pocket: I was told Blinkey Bourn had got it. I charged him with it: he said he had not got it: I said, may be it may be advertised, then I have a right to the reward; then Bourn said, 
               
                  Ned 
                  Wright 
               



             had got it, that he bid me take it out of your pocket. I asked 
               
                  Ned 
                  Wright 
               



             for it? he said he knew nothing of it: he said he was going to the Round-house; I said, I will go with you; I made no resistance. If I had robbed any body, I would not have shewn it to him, because he belongs to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            . I was offered 40 s. for it by a sweep-chimney that night.
He called 
               
                  Michael 
                  Lacey 
               



            , 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Reed 
               



            , 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Forgerson 
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  M 
               



             Mar, 
               
                  Bridget 
                  Delaney 
               



            , and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Leigh 
               



            , who gave him a good character.




               Acquitted of the robbery. Guilty of stealing
            . 


               T
            .
