





17. (M) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Francis 
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               stealing two linnen sheets, value 10 s. and one pillowbier, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Munday 
                        




                      
                  , the same being in a certain lodging room let by contract
            , &c. Oct. 9
. ++


                  Edward 
                  Munday 
               



            . I live at the Queen Elizabeth's Head, opposite to Hicks's Hall


. The prisoner hired a ready furnished lodging of me, for half a crown a week. The things mentioned in the indictment, were part of the furniture; he took it the 6th or 7th of October, and lay there two nights, and one day, all the day long; the next morning, when he got up, my wife asked him, if he would have some tea; he said, he would go and have his hair done up; he did not return. After three weeks and three days, I had the door broke open; then I missed the sheets and pillowbier: I afterwards was told by my baker, he was in New Prison; I went there and saw him; I asked him for the key of my door; he said, the constable in White chapel had it: I asked him for my sheets and pillowbier; he said, they were pawned, first for 8 s. and after that he had sold them for 10 s. to a pawnbroker, in Golden-lane, near Old-Street Turnpike. I went and got a search warrant, and found them at Mr. Kent's, a pawnbroker there; he said, he took them in all together; and the prisoner owned, he wrapped them round his body, and so carried them out of my house, and pawned them all together.
Mr. Kent. When the prosecutor came, I delivered the pair of sheets and pillowbier to him: I had them of the prisoner on the 8th of October; he said they were his own; that he had been an officer on board a ship, and he was going to sea again, and he would sell them out right: so I bought them of him for 11 s. he had before used my shop, and had the appearance of a gentleman: I did not suspect his stealing them.
(The things produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I was not at Mr. Mundy's house on the 8th of October; I came away before that. I was midshipman 2 years on board the Buckingham, Capt. Parker, and behaved myself very well there. I was born in London, and brought up in the blue-coat hospital. I was discharged from on board the 4th of March last.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
