





139. (L.) 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Robinson 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing two vessels of silver in the shape of a barrel, value 5 s. three vessels of silver in the shape of an egg, value 6 s. two vessels of silver in the shape of a jar, value 5 s. and eight other vessels in the shape of an egg, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Field 
                  




                
            , March 26
. +


                  David 
                  Field 
               



             I am a silversmith
. The prisoner was my journeyman
 near 35 years. I lost the goods mentioned in the indictment. Mr. Wintle came to me on the 26th of March, and asked me, if I ever sent goods out of my shop unfinished? I said, no. Then said he, I am afraid you have got a partner, and shewed me the things mentioned. I know them to be my property, and the work of my own hands.
Mr. Wintle. I bought these things of Mr. Yowell. Mr. Field does business for me in this way. I took them to be of his work. I carried them to him, and he owned them directly.


                  William 
                  Cadwallider 
               



            . I took 15 spung boxes in the shape of eggs, barrels, and the like, of the prisoner at the bar, in pawn. I kept them the time we agreed. Then I sold them to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Yowell 
               



             a Jew.


                  Samuel 
                  Yowell 
               



            . I bought those things produced of Mr. Cadwallider, and sold them again to Mr. Wintle. [Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence.
The pawnbroker had them not half a year before he sold them. I said, pray do not part with them, for I intend to have them again. The prisoner called Joseph and 
               
                  William 
                  Sterne 
               



            . The first had known him near 27 years, and the other 17; who both gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
