







233. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Magin 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Weetch 
                  



                
            , March 2

. ++


                  John 
                  Weetch 
               



            . I never saw the prisoner, to my knowledge, till I saw him before the justice: about the 2d of March last I lost a parcel of handkerchiefs out of my shop: I can't say positively to the number. About a month after Mr. Hudson sent for me; when I came there the prisoner was before him: I was asked whether I did not lose some handkerchiefs? I said, Yes. The justice said the prisoner had confessed, before I came, and described the house where he took them from; he had also told the place where the handkerchiefs were pawned: I went with the constable and him to Mrs. Adams's in Ratcliff-Highway; the boy asked for the handkerchief he had pawned; Mrs. Adams delivered one; I think it is my handkerchief; (Produced in court.) I had such a one as this in my window for two or three years.


                  Joseph 
                  Gofton 
               



            . I am a headborough: this lad was first apprehended for stealing a watch: he told the Justice what house he had broke open, and took away a good many stockings and handkerchiefs: then he told of taking handkerchiefs from the prosecutor's house at Cock Hill. The prosecutor was sent for: we went there; the boy shewed us the place where he took them out thro' the window: then we went to Mrs. Adams's, and asked for the handkerchief; she delivered it.


                  Mary 
                  Adams 
               



            . I keep a pawnbroker's shop; I remember the prisoner pawning this handkerchief here produced; I lent him a shilling upon it.
Prisoner's Defence.
A lad brought the handkerchief to me to pawn.



               Acquitted
            .
234. (M.) He was a second time indicted, together with 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Rice 
                  



                
            , for 


               stealing a yellow metal watch, with the out-side case shagreen
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Edward 
                  



                
            , March 27

. ++


                  Richard 
                  Edward 
               



            . On the 27th of March, I had a watch, as mentioned in the indictment, taken out of my house between the hours of nine and eleven in the day: I had seen it about nine o'clock. I live in the Little Hermitage, Wapping; it was brought to me again by the officer that is here.


                  Ann 
                  Edward 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; I went into the yard for about two minutes; when I returned the watch was gone, and my shop door was open.


                  Joseph 
                  Gofton 
               



            . These lads had lodged at the house of one Talbot on Salt-petre Bank: they had given this watch to a lodger there: I was sent for to the White Lion in White Lion Street; there was Talbot; he keeps a very infamous house, the worst in our parish; he is bound over to appear as an evidence, but he will not come: there was Johnson, the man that the lads had given the watch to; I asked the lads, that is, the prisoners at the bar, how they came by this watch; Talbot had shewed it to the beadle; the beadle said Talbot had stopped the watch and brought it to him. We went before a magistrate; Talbot there produced it: Magin said Talbot had knocked him down in order to run away with the watch; (his forehead was swelled) he said Talbot told him he should not have a needle's worth of the watch; and as he was running away with it, they overtook him, and stopped him; and then Talbot laid hold of them, and said he would carry the watch to an officer, and upon that he went to our beadle: this was said before Talbot's face: I said, Talbot, are not you ashamed of these things? there has been people enough hanged out of your house already; you ought to know better. The lads told the Justice where, and how they got the watch; and also of a great many more robberies they had done: they said another lad, in company with them, entered into a chandler's shop facing the Hermitage Stairs, betwixt 2 butcher's shop and some other, and when he came out he gave them the watch to sell. By this description I found the prosecutor; Magin said they carried it to a one-armed man named Johnson, who said he would not sell it for them, but would buy it; and that Talbot had got a pension ticket of Johnson's, and if Talbot would let him have the money, he would give them 30 s. then they went to carry it to Talbot, and he took it, and was going to run away with it, after he had knocked the boy down. (The watch produced and deposed to.)
Magin's Defence.
Two lads brought this watch to us to sell for them: we were in lodgings at Talbot's house; we asked a man there if he would buy it; we did not know where it came from.
Rice said the same.
Rice called 
               
                  William 
                  Gordon 
               



            , 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Dixon 
               



            , 
               
                  Godfrey William 
                  Smith 
               



            , and 
               
                  James 
                  Wood 
               



            , who gave him a good character exclusive of this.
Talbot was called on his recognizance, and did not appear: his recognizance was ordered to be estreated.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
