





505. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Law 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 4 l. 8 s. 2 d. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Horobin 
                  




                
            , Sept. 19
. ||


                  John 
                  Horobin 
               



            . The prisoner was my servant
; I was out, and when I came home, I missed out of a bureau that was not locked, 4 l. 8 s. 2 d. there should have been ten guineas, but there was left only 6 l. 1 s. 10 d. I had a very good opinion of the prisoner, but could not think it was taken by any other person; I asked her about it; she denied knowing any thing of it; when I told her she must go before the Alderman, then she told me she had found something in her pocket; I said, what is it; she said it is an halfpenny; she laid it down, it was a guinea; then I said I could not recollect I had such a guinea as that, but I really believed I should find it out by enquiring; I found she used to buy the tea at Mrs. Robinson's; I went there and said to her, Pray can you give me change for a guinea? No, said she; I said, Did not my maid bring you some silver here to change for a guinea? she answered, Your maid brought a guinea, part in silver, with her master's compliments, thinking I wanted silver; I said, Should you know the guinea again; she said, she believed she could; I laid the guinea down; she and her husband said they believed it was the same; Mrs. Robinson went with me to my house; when the prisoner saw her, she put her apron before her face, I said, Are not you a vilegirl; have I not told you, when you wanted money, to apply to Mr. Middleton; she went down into the cellar and brought up 2 l. 18 s. 3 d. and laid it on the dresser; then there wanted 8 s. 11 d. said I, there is a ring missing, if you will give me an account of that, I'll do all in my power to get you a flight punishment; she would not own to any thing about it; then I sent for a watchman, and she was taken to the watch-house; I took her afterwards to the Alderman, and she was committed. She had lived with me between three and four months.
Prisoner's defence.
I beg you will be as favourable as possible.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


