





336. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Day 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat, value 20 s. and two cloth waistcoats, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Saunders 
                  




                
            , June 9
. +


                  Robert 
                  Saunders 
               



            . I live in Charles-court in the Strand


; the prisoner lodged at my house a month or two: on Saturday the prisoner brought home this trowel, (holding one in his hand) and said, he had given 2 d. for it; this, I suppose, he broke my lock with, it being left by it. I found the lock of my trunk broke, and a great many things missing; but I have found the things again that are laid in the indictment. I keep a public-house.
Q. Was the trunk locked before?
Saunders. It was locked on the Saturday, and on the Monday I found it broke open, and the things gone; I took the prisoner up that night; my wife took the coat from him; on the Tuesday morning he confessed to me where the waistcoats were, and they were found at a pawnbroker's, near Round-court in the Strand, as he had directed.
Isabella Saunders. I am wife to the prosecutor; the trunk was fast on the Saturday at twelve o'clock, when I made my bed; and on the Monday, about eight or nine in the morning, I found the lock lying on the floor; I saw the prisoner run down stairs, and go out of the house; I ran after him, to see what he had got, and found he had got my husband's coat; I took it from him, and brought it in again; (produced and deposed to.)


                  John 
                  Kates 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; on the 9th of June the prisoner came with one of these waistcoats to pledge; I seeing it was a very good one, and he in a shabby condition, I told him I would not advance any money upon it, till he brought somebody to prove it was his own; upon his going out, I saw another waistcoat under his coat: I said, What, have you two waistcoats; he said, that was not his own; then I stopped the waistcoats; he gave me a great deal of ill language, but I would not deliver them: (produced in court, and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence.
I wanted 2 s. and could not get it; and being full sure that I could raise the money by Saturday night, I took the waistcoats to pledge them, till that time; when the pawnbroker stopped them, I was frightened out of my life, as he wanted to know if I was the owner; I thought if I carried the coat, he would think they were all mine, and deliver them to me, that I might bring them all home again; he said, if I could produce the coat, he should have a better opinion of me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
