





420. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Esther 
                     Marks 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Scotch carpet, value 10 s. a Pinchbeck metal watch, value 10 s. a steel chain, value 6 d. a cornelian seal set in silver, value 6 d. five pewter plates, and a copper stew-pan
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Maley 
                  




                
            , widow
, April 21
. +
Eliz. Maley. I live in Duke-street, St. James's


; the prisoner was my servant
 about three quarters of a year; I missed some flat irons; I asked her about them, and she ran away; then I began to search, and missed the things mentioned in the indictment and more, this is about two months ago. About a month after I heard of her; I got a warrant from Justice Welch, she was taken up, and before Justice Welch, confessed the taking and pawning some at Mr. Gunston's and Mr. Brown's; the watch and seals were found at Mr. Brown's, (produced and deposed to.)


                  Richard 
                  Banister 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Brown
               


             a pawnbroker; a man brought this watch to pawn, his name is Broadey; he was bound over to be here, but he is not; the prisoner brought three pewter plates, and pledged them on the 30th of March for a shilling, (produced and deposed to by prosecutrix.)


                  Edward 
                  Beckam 
               



            . My mistress is named Gunston, she lives in Jermyn-street, St. James's; the prisoner pledged some flat irons with me.
- Banister. I took in the Scotch carpet of Broadey.
E. Maley. The carpet was pawned in the prisoner's name, she owned she sent it.
Prisoner's defence.
I offered to make satisfaction for every thing.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
