





508. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Garton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three guineas and two half guineas
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Russell 
                  




                
            , August 28
. ++


                  John 
                  Russell 
               



            . I am a blue-maker
, and live in Bread-street


; the prisoner was my porter
, a yearly servant; last Monday he would have lived with me a year. On Sunday the 28th of August in the afternoon I was going out; before I went out I looked in my till, there were thirteen guineas and a moidore; in the evening when I returned, between eight and nine, I missed four guineas; I enquired where the prisoner was gone, and was told he was gone to take care of a horse; I got a constable; when the prisoner came home I got him into the parlour, I asked him what money he had in his pocket; he said he had none but his own; I said, I was sure he had more, for no body had been at the till since I went out but himself, and desired he would pull his money out; upon which he pulled out three guineas and two half guineas; I had marked the money in the till before I went out, with a scratch over the nose on the head; the three guineas and one of the half guineas were so marked, which the constable put in a piece of paper, and put in his pocket; I thought I had marked every guinea and half guinea in the till, every one of them left in the till were marked; I think I left the till locked when I went out, and at my coming home I found it unlocked; I usually kept it locked.
Q. What account did the prisoner give of this money found in his pocket?
Russell. He told me it was the first time he ever attempted any thing of that sort, and hoped I would not hurt him.


                  Joseph 
                  Bartlett 
               



             the constable confirmed the above account.
Prisoner's defence.
I have nothing to say.
Russell. When the prisoner came first to me he behaved as well as a servant could, but lately he has fallen into bad company, and has not behaved so well.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
