





7. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Hughes 
                  



               
            , Widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, val. 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Wells 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Nov. 30
.*


                  Hen 
                  Wells 
               



            . I was coming along Covent Garden on the 29th of Nov. The prisoner desired me to go with her, and treat her with a glass of wine. I told her I could not afford that; but, as she seemed to be good-natured, I would give her a pint of purl. I went and gave her two pints. I said I was going to Tower-hill. She said she was going as far as the Fleet-market. I said I did not want any company. She came as far as Somerset house, and desired I would go down the Yard, having, as she said, something particular to say to me. We went to the back stables in Somerset house yard


, where the coaches are; there she took the watch out of my pocket, and bid me a good night. I know I had my watch when I was in her company, for I looked at it. I missed my watch as soon as she wished me a good night. I went after her, but could not find her.
Q. Did you feel her take it?
Wells. No, I did not. I asked the men if they saw a woman? They laughed at me. I overtook her in five minutes time, and challenged her with having my watch. She said she never saw me in her life, neither did she ever see my watch. I said, I am certain you are the woman I was with, and you shall go before justice Fielding to night. There came up a gentleman or two, who said, If she has it, if you do not look sharp, she will drop it. Just by Somerset-house Gate, as I was bringing her along. She put her hand into her bosom, and took out my watch, and was going to throw it over the pallisades. I stopped he hand, and said, Gentlemen, you see she has got my watch. I took hold of the string, and she let it go, and I put it in my pocket. [Produced in court.] This is the same watch, my property. I carried her before Mr. Fielding, and gave the same accounts as here. I don't remember he asked her any questions, but committed her.
Prisoner's Defence.
He picked me up about the Piazzas in Covent Garden; I was very much in liquor, having drank some purl with a young woman. This gentleman asked me to drink. I went with him to drink some purl, and, after that, I do not remember where I went with him: I do not remember seeing the watch.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


