






310, 311. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ryan 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Upton 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               that they, in company with 
                     
                        James 
                        Baylis 
                     



                  , not taken, on the 9th of June
, about the hour of 2 in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Blanch 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing eight yards of linnen cloth, val. 13 s. one shirt, two pair of worsted stockings, one man's hat, and 9 lb. weight of lamb, the property of the said John, in his dwelling-house
            . +


                  John 
                  Blanch 
               



            . I live in Thames-street


, I keep a chandler's-shop
, I sell raw meat, and cook some victuals. I had an old flap door to my cellar which had no fastening to it, in which the thieves got, and then broke through a partition, and took away the things mentioned in the indictment. The watchman knocked at the door about a quarter after 2, on the 9th of June, and told me the door was open, which was fast when we went to bed between 10 and 11; a kinsman of mine went down and shut the door, and the next morning I got up at 5, and missed the things. The next day some of Mr. Fielding's people brought Ryan to my house, who said the evidence Partridge slipped down the cellar, and shewed us the hole they made; he owned he was in the house, and that there were four of them concerned. Baylis is not taken. I did not see Upton till I came before the magistrate, I never heard him own to any thing. I never got my things again.


                  Thomas 
                  Partridge 
               



            . I am between 13 and 14 years of age. I never knew Upton before that night, I knew Ryan pretty near a year, we were all at play together on Tower-hill; we went towards St. James's, and walked about till between twelve and one, then we came into upper Thames-street, Baylis was with us. Ryan said he knew a shop where the cellar window was open, and brought me to the window, and said if I did not go down he'd run his knife in me; he pushed me down, and then came after me; he tried to open the door, but could not; he cut a hole through a deal partition, and shoved a table away which was withinside, then he pulled his cloaths off, and went through, and opened the street door, Upton and Baylis came in at the street door; we took out some linnen cloth, three pair of stockings, a hat, a shirt, and a quarter of lamb; we got a woman to sell the shirt, she brought us 2 s. we carried the cloth up to 
               
                  James 
                  Grief 
               



            , and he ordered me to cut the fag end off. After that he gave information to the constable, and we were taken.


                  Morris 
                  Jones 
               



            . One Grief, who had kept these lads company, and been admitted an evidence some time before, had laid an information against the prisoners and Baylis before Justice Scott; he went and shewed them to me on Tower-hill, and we secured the prisoners and evidence. Ryan then wanted to be admitted evidence. Here is a fag end of cloth which I had of Grief. (Producing it.)


                  Edward 
                  Querie 
               



            . I sold Mr. Blanch a piece of yard-wide Irish cloth on the 23d of November, it was the same width and length of this, here is No 2584, and 27 yards, my mark was on the other end, this answers to that I sold.
Ryan's Defence.
Mr. Jones told me if I would tell such a thing that was done I should be admitted evidence; I did it thinking I should be cleared directly.
Jones. I did not tell him any such thing, he desired to be admitted evidence.
Upton's Defence.
The constable knocked me down. I never saw neither one nor the other of these lads.
Both 


               Acquitted of the burglary, Guilty of stealing
            . 



               T
            .
