





298. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Powell 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver milk-pot, value 20 s. five silver tea-spoons, value 10s, and one pair of silver tongs, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Allen 
                  




                
            , Sept. 13
.~


                  John 
                  Allen 
               



            . On the 13th of September the things mentioned in the indictment were lost out of my parlour, I went to Mr. Alderhead the next day in Bishopsgate-street, with intent to buy some more spoons, telling him how I had been robbed; he told me his apprentice had bought a milk-pot; I told him the marks on mine; he sent for that up stairs, and it appeared to be mine; I desired, if the party came again, he would stop him; they told me he had bought a gold ring at the same time he had sold the milk-pot: My wife went that same afternoon to Mr. Smith's in Bishopsgate-street, there she found the tea-tongs; they all of them described the person that sold them, to be such a person as the prisoner; on the Thursday se'nnight following, the prisoner went to Mr. Alderhead's, in order to sell the ring again that he had bought of him, and was there secured, and I was sent for; he was carried before my lord-mayor, who committed him.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Allen. No; he had no business at my house, except he might come to ask for employment.
Mr. Alderhead's apprentice produced the Milk-pot which he bought of the prisoner on the 13th of September. and 
               
                  Walter 
                  Smith 
               



             the tea-tongs, both which were deposed to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am the very wrong person; I always work hard for my bread.
He called 
               
                  Mary 
                  Thompson 
               



            , who had known him 20 years; Eliz. Scott and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Trigg 
               



            , 14 or 15; 
               
                  John 
                  Fell 
               



            , 16; and Eliz. Martin, 5 or 6; all which gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
