





60. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Brown 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 39 lb. of butter, value 25 s. one linnen-cloth, value 6 d. and a wicker basket, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Chantrell 
                  




                
            , Dec. 10
. ++



                  John 
                  Chantrell 
               



            . I am a dealer in butter and eggs
, in Leadenhall-market


; my servant left some butter last night in charge of a watchman, in order for sale this morning, when we found a flat gone, it was 39 lb.; I told the watchman, and bid him make enquiry; I knew the butter to be my property.


                  John 
                  Ward 
               



            . I am a watchman of the market: last night, Mr. Chantrell's servant gave the butter into my care till morning; I saw it a quarter before 10 o'clock, and a quarter after 12, this flat was gone; I saw nobody there to take it. An acquaintance told me this morning, that a person was in custody at St. Bride's watch-house; I went accordingly, and found the prisoner and butter.


                  James 
                  Peele 
               



            . I am a watchman of the Fleet-market; the prisoner came between 12 and one o'clock, and brought this butter, desiring me to take care of it: he put it down, I asked him who it belonged to, whether any of the market? he said it did not. I told him I would not take charge of it. He said he was going to carry it to Newgate-market; a young man offered to carry it for 2 d. he said that would buy me a pint of purl. I helped him up with it, and he took it away: he went up Sea-coal-lane. A lamp-lighter told me there was a man with his coat off upon his head, and a basket on it; we went up, he had his coat and waistcoat on, the butter was set down on a form, and he lent upon it. I said, you are not got to Newgate-market yet, and asked him why he would not go? he said he would not go till morning. I said I suspected him; and so stopped him, and got the constable: the prisoner told me he had got 53 lumps: I said it could not be so much, it was not heavy enough: he said they made short weight in his country; he said it came from Pancras town. We opened the basket, and instead of 53, there was only 19 lumps and a pound. (The butter produced in court, and deposed to by prosecutor.) He told me it was made by one Mr. Jones, a milkman, that he had it of him. I went to Pancras to find this Jones, and could find no such person: I then went to Kentish-town, and found he lived in a country-house at Finchley, and had left off making butter a long time.
Prisoner's Defence.
Yesterday morning I went to Secretary 
               
                  Hayes
               


            , Admiral 
               
                  Hawke
               


            's secretary, I staid late; coming up the New-market, there was some thieves attempting to rob a man; when they saw me, they ran away, and one of 'em left this flat behind. I told them of Mr. Jones to deceive them, for as I found it, I thought I had as good a right to it as any one.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
