





31. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Brown , otherwise 
Hilman




               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of leather breeches, a woman's silk hat, and two cheque aprons, 
            the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hart 
                  




                
            , November 14
. ++


                  William 
                  Hart 
               



            . I am a coachman
. The prisoner came to my wife on the 20th of October, to nurse her: my wife was brought to bed the day after. On the 14th of November my wife missed a gown, a hat, and two coloured aprons; she asked the prisoner what she had done with them; she said she had pawned them; she was very sorry for what she had done, and believed she was bewitched. I said, if you will go with me, I'll go and take them out, and you shall hear no more of it. I went to the pawn-broker, and took as many things out as came to 7 s. 8 d. she said they were all. I sent her home with them. I staid a little with the pawnbroker. When I came home, she was absconded. After that I missed my prayer book. I met the woman that recommended her, and she together: she ran away, I ran and brought her to my house; then I went to the pawn broker, and said I insisted he should bring her to justice: then he said he had two pair of breeches, my prayer book, a gown, a napkin, and two coloured aprons. I took her before Justice Wright, there she said she was very sorry for what she had done.


                  William 
                  White 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Hance, in Wardour-street, by Soho-square, (he produced a pair of buckskin breeches.)
Q. Where are the other?
White. At our house. I took these in of the prisoner the 14th of November; she said she lived in St. Anne's court.
Prisoner's defence.
There were five children. I pawned several things for his wife, and delivered the money to his wife.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you ever leave your wife so destitute, so as to be obliged to pawn her things?
Prosecutor. Only once: she sent out a gown for 4 s. on the 21st of October, and she pawned it for 5 s. The prisoner never mentioned any thing of this sort before the Justice.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
