





130 (M.) 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Ross 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Jacob 
                  




                
            , December 17
. ++


                  Alexander 
                  Jacob 
               



            . On the 17th of last month, a little after six in the evening, returning from Holborn-Hill, just as I turned down Brook-Street


, 
               
                  Moses 
                  Pearson 
               



             followed me; he called to me, and said, Sir, you have had your pocket picked. (Pointing to my right-hand pocket, saying, it was a white handkerchief.) I felt and missed mine, such a one, immediately. He said he saw a boy pick my pocket just as I turned into Brook-Street: he said he would shew me the boy that took it. I turned into Holborn, the boy not being there, he supposed he would return to the place where he saw him first, which was just by Field-Lane: I went there with him, but there was no boy. We looked up a little alley close by Field-Lane, there I saw a parcel of boys, and two or three dirty girls. Pearson said, Here is one of them. I took hold of him: then he said, Here is she other; he was at some distance, so he escaped. It was the prisoner I had hold of. I brought him out from his company: I observed that a couple of the girls, and a large boy, followed us at a distance; the girls soon left us, but the boy still followed, which made me imagine there was a gang of them.
Q. When had you felt your handkerchief lost?
Jacob. I know I had it within ten minutes of the time.


                  Moses 
                  Pearson 
               



            . I was going up Holborn, and saw the boy at the bar following Mr. Jacob. Just before he came to Brook-Street, the prisoner took a whitish coloured handkerchief out of Mr. Jacob's right-hand pocket; I turned after him, and told him of it: he put his hand into that pocket and said he had lost such a one: we went to see for him, and catched him in an alley talking to two women of the town. There was another with him at the time he picked the gentleman's pocket; he was with him when we took this, but he ran away.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did you ever get your handkerchief again?
Jacob. No; I never did.
Q. What was the colour of your handkerchief?
Jacob. It was a white one, with a a red border.
Q. to Pearson. Are you sure the prisoner is the boy that took a handkerchief out of Mr. Jacob's pocket?
Pearson. I am sure he was the person.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before?
Pearson. No.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw the handkerchief. I work with a paper-stainer
 on Ludgate-Hill.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
