






517, 518. (M.) 
               
                  John 
                  Nowls 
               



              and 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Still 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing six fathom of hempen rope, called cable, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wilton 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Wilton 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Eade 
                  



                
            . ++


                  John 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I am a waterman and lighterman, and am master of a powder vessel; yesterday three weeks we came up with the vessel, and made her fast at Wapping-dock


, and on Wednesday morning the rope was gone; there was about six fathom of it: after which I heard the two prisoners were taken at King James's-stairs with some rope; I went there, and among several other ropes they had got, I found that which was taken from my vessel, the property of Mess. Wilton and Eade.


                  William 
                  Bean 
               



            . I am a waterman; betwixt twelve and one that morning, as I was upon a nightly watch, I saw two men come rowing in a boat; 
               
                  William 
                  Stafford 
               



             and I went on board the boat, in which were the two prisoners; we asked them how they came by the several ropes; Nowls said he did it to get his tools out of pawn, he is an oar-maker; we carried them both up to the work-house; Mr. Johnson saw the rope the next day, and owned the rope laid in the indictment (a piece of it produced in court, and deposed to by Johnson;) after that I found a shoemaker's knife in the boat, (produced in court) I suppose they cut the hawser from the vessel with it.


                  William 
                  Stafford 
               



             confirmed the evidence given by Bean.

Nowls's defence.
I never stole any rope.
Still's defence.
We had been over the water, and staid with an acquaintance; coming by the river-side we saw a boat, we got into her to come home, and the ropes were lying in the boat.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
There were two other indictments against them.
