





443. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Watkins 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a five and three-penny piece of gold, and 13 s. in money, numbered
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Wytt 
                  




                
            , July 22
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Wytt 
               



            . My husband is named Samuel; we keep the  Nag's-head, in Hedge-Lane




: the prisoner came to live with me as a servant
, last Saturday about noon: she told me she was very poor, had suffered a great deal, and had pawned her cardinal: I told her, if she was good, and behaved well, I would let her have money as it came to be due; she lay on a mattress in the same room I did: I laid my pocket by my bed-side, with this money in it, the same side she lay; there was in it 18 s. and 6 d. a great many halfpence, and a five and three-pence. This was on the Sunday night; in the morning I lost one of my shoes; I found that under her head: about eight in the morning a man came in for some change, then I missed my money; I turned round to her, and said, Poll, give me my money; she began to treat me with ill language; a gentleman came into the house, and desired me to go to Justice Cox for a warrant; she turned out some rags and ribbons, and said, that was all she had about her; I staid 'till near twelve: she insisted upon going before Justice Welch; he ordered her to be searched, and the five and three-pence was found wrapped up in a ribbon, in one of her pockets; she said she had no more: then the justice ordered her into a room, and a woman to search her, and we found the rest of the money upon her; there is a particular half crown, which I could swear to; it has a scratch goes from the nose, on the head-side. The constable took all the money, being fourteen shillings, a French farthing and some halfpence.
Q. Did you lend her any of this money?
M. Wytt. No, I never lent her a farthing.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Wood 
               



            . After the five-and-three-penny piece was found, Justice Welch ordered me to search the prisoner: I did; and I found the rest of the money in her private part. Mrs. Wytt mentioned a remarkable half crown was among it, before I took it out, and a French farthing, and there they were.


                  William 
                  Marsellas 
               



            . I am constable. (He produced the money.)
Prosecutrix (takes up a half crown). This is the half crown I mentioned: it was inspected by the jury.
Marsellas. I was by when the money was found upon the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am lately come from the country; Mr. Nicholls recommended me to the place; I was there one night; a gentleman came and offered me five guineas for my body, and she was willing I should take the money: I brought this money to town in the tail of my smock, fearing I should lose it; she was angry with me, because I would not lie with the man, and I gave her warning: she keeps a very bad house.
M. Wytt. I keep an honest house; I gave 120 l. for the lease; it is a public house.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
