





294. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sharborn 
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the 7th of March
, about the hour of one in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Heath 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing four pair of worsted stockings, value 4 s. two tin cannisters, value 1 s. half a pound of tea, value 3 s. thirty pounds weight of sugar, value 15 s. and ten shillings in money numbered, the property of the said John, in his dwelling-house
            . +


                  John 
                  Heath 
               



            . I am a wheelwright
; I live at Harmonworth


, about a mile and a half from Colebrook. On the 7th of March my house was broke open; myself, wife, and three children, were at home; I made all fast over night, before we went to bed; the house was broke open on the back-side; it was a hole made in the plaister: I heard no noise in the night: I keep a shop: I missed near twenty shillings in halfpence and farthings, some stockings, two cannisters with about a quartern of tea in each cannister, and a lump of sugar. The prisoner lives in Longford, about 150 yards from me: he is a sawyer; I had information of him, but did not suspect him, till I saw a pair of stockings on his legs last Sunday was a week, that I thought were mine; then I got a search-warrant, and in a chest I found seven pair of stockings; I can safely swear to them all. I said to his wife, These are my property: I lost more than I laid in the indictment, and I lost two cannisters at the same time; then I said, Deliver them up. His wife denied knowing any thing of them for a great while; at last she went to the top of the stairs; I followed her up, and saw her take them out of some boot-legs. (The stockings and cannisters produced and deposed to.) I know one by part of the rim being unsoldered; we took the prisoner at work in Cranford park: he asked us what we took him up for? we told him upon account of goods found in his house, my property; we took him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Gibbon 
               



            ; there he said he bought them: the Justice asked him if he had any receipt; he said, No. He said he bought the cannisters at Staines, and the stockings in his own house, of a man he never saw before; and the sugar at Brentford, but did not know the man's name: there was an old bill left behind, that the hole was broke with; I can't find whose property it was.


                  Matthew 
                  East 
               



            . I am a constable; I was with the prosecutor on the 17th of May in searching the prisoner's house; there we found all these things here produced; I saw the cannisters taken out of the boot-legs.
Prisoner's Defence.
A Scotch pedlar came to my door, and asked me if I wanted any cloth, stockings, or handkerchiefs; I said yes, if we could agree: he put his pack down on the table, and I bought these things of him; here is the bill of the pedlar's writing; (producing a paper) I did not want for money; I had taken thirty pounds of my tenant a few days before.




               Guilty of Felony only
            . 


               T
            .
