






389, 390. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Saywell 
                  , widow

, otherwise called 
ThomasBrown




             and 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Horsley 
                  , otherwise called Ann, wife of 
                     Thomas 
                     
Brown




            , were indicted for 


               stealing a pair of linen sheets, value 1 s. a copper tea-kettle, value 1 s. a looking-glass, value 6 d. and a pair of bellows, value 10 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Small 
                        




                      
                  , in a certain lodging-room let by contract
            , &c. ||


                  Richard 
                  Small 
               



            . The prisoner who stands at the bar, in men's cloaths, who went by the name of Brown, came and took a lodging, pretending it was for him and his wife. It since appears that person is a woman nam'd 
               
                  Ann 
                  Saywell 
               



            . This was on the 29th of February. The other prisoner went for the wife. They staid in the lodging five weeks; they paid only a fortnight's lodging, and went away privately. When they were gone, we miss'd the goods mentioned in the indictment, which were let with the lodgings.
Q. Where do you live?
Small. I live in Peter-street, Westminster


.


                  Henrietta 
                  Tompkin 
               



            . I am a mantua maker, and live about 2 or 300 yards from the prosecutor. The prisoner Horsley lodged ten weeks with me, and behaved well. A girl named 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Frarks 
               



            , that lived with me. who is about 22 years of age, owned to me she had pledged a tea-kettle, a looking glass, and a pair of bellows, in my name, by the desire of Saywell. She is gone off on this occasion; I know not where to find her; I know nothing of the pawning them.


                  Joseph 
                  Parker 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Watson, a pawnbroker (he produced a sheet); the pretended men at the bar pledged this sheet with my master, on the 19th of March, in the name of Mrs. Horsley.
Q. Did you know that pretended man before?
Packer. Yes, she used the name of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Williams 
               



            , and had pledged things in that name.
Q. How long have you lived with this pawnbroker?
Packer. I went there last November; I served my time to my master's brother.
Q. Do you know Horsley?
Packer. I never saw her before I saw her before the Justice.
Court. If either you or any other pawnbroker go on in this way, if I have the honour of presiding on this bench, you shall see what information I shall give to the jury upon it.
Mrs. Small. (The sheet produced in court.) I am wife to the prosecutor; this sheet is our property.
Saywell's Defence.
I took the lodgings, and I paid the rent for three weeks; the things went one at a time; but I did not know where they were gone. The reason of my disguise was, I being unfortunately upon the town, that situation was not agreeable to me, and I disguised myself to get from it. I have lived some time in a brew-house; there I was discovered by a person that knew me; since that I have employed myself as a taylor, where I was apprehended.
Horsley's Defence.
I am a Yorkshire woman; I know nothing of the things being gone.
Saywell 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Horsley 

               Acquitted
            .
