





244. (M.) 
               
                  Mary, wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Deprose 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver tankard, value 8 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Allen 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , April 28
 ++


                  Robert 
                  Allen 
               



            . I live at the sign of the Cock, Cock-hill, in the parish of Stepney


, a public-house. On the 28th of April, about ten at night, I lost a silver tankard; my wife was coming out of the city, on the 7th of March, she told me she saw it at Mr. Steven's shop. I went there, and he told me he bought it of a woman, that he could swear to, if he saw her again; so said his servant. I went before the sitting alderman, and got a summons for Mr. Stevens to appear the next day: he came and brought the tankard with him, and described the prisoner: the alderman directed that he should go to my house; he did; the prisoner lives in my neighbourhood, and was a chair-woman in my house, at times. As soon as he saw her, he said, that was the woman.
Q. Had she been at your house, the day the tankard was missing?
Allen. She had; but we had no call for her that week.
Q. Where had you seen your tankard last?
Allen. It stood in the corner cupboard, in the kitchen, on the 28th, at one o'clock.
Mr. Stevens. I live at the Dial and Crown, in Aldgate high-street, and keep a silver-smith's shop. On the 28th of February, the prisoner at the bar came to my house, and said, she wanted to dispose of a silver tankard: I examined her where she lived, and what business her husband was, and how she came to sell the tankard? she said she lived at Bow, near the Golden Cup, and that her husband had the misfortune to break his leg, and she had five or six children, and they were drove to necessity; telling me this, I bought it rather out of pity, than that of profit: I gave her 5 s. an ounce for it: she was well dressed: Mr. Carrington was in my shop at the time; it weighed 30 ounces, 7 pennyweights; I sell new silver now, at 5 s. 5 d. an ounce.

Q. What time of the day was this?
Stevens. It was about three or four in the afternoon: I put it in my window for sale: Mrs. Allen coming by some time after, she came in, and desired me to let her see the tankard: I did: she said, this is my tankard: then Mr. Allen, and another gentleman, came at night and asked for it: I said, I was very ready to deliver it up before a magistrate, in case they would prosecute the thief. Mr. Allen, and his wife, described the woman they suspected, and it tallied exactly to the woman I bought the tankard of: I have had it in my custody ever since. (Produced and deposed to by prosecutor.) I went to Mr. Allen's house with Mr. Carrington, who works for me and a little boy: when we saw the prisoner,  ing in a dirty dress, I said, I should be glad   in the cloaths that she dresses in: they were   we knew her before she put them on, but then looked more like what she did before.


                  Richard 
                  Carrington 
               



            . I am a watch-maker, and work for Mr. Stevens. On the 28th of February I went there to carry home some work: the woman at the bar, and three or four more, were in the shop; I staid till the other women were gone; the prisoner and Mr. Stevens had agreed for the tankard; the boy went up for some money; she received seven guineas, a five and threepenny-piece, and two shillings. I saw a tankard standing by them; whether this is the same, I cannot tell. When we went before the alderman, Mr. Allen desired me to describe the woman; I did, in every particular; he said, it answered to the person they suspected; this was about a week after she sold it. I went afterwards to Mr. Allen's house; he sent for the prisoner; as soon as she came, Mr. Stevens, his little boy, and I, all knew her. When she sold the tankard, Mr. Stevens desired her to sign her name while he paid her. She said her name was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Williams 
               



            ; she made the letter M; and in making the W, she made some scruple; and said, she did not know how to do it. I desired of her, when we went down to see her, to know if she could write; she took the pen, and made such an M as before; and when she came to make a W, she made use of the same words as before, or to the same purport; and the letters very much resembled what she had wrote before.


                  Daniel 
                  Goff 
               



            . I have been errand-boy to Mr. Stevens about seven months. I had been sent to Mr. Carrington's house, and meeting him, he and I came into the shop together; there was the prisoner at the bar. (He exactly confirmed the account given by Carrington.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the affair; I never forsook the house after the tankard was missing.




               Guilty of stealing but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
See her tried before for stealing a bank note, value 100 l. No. 312, in Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Chitty 
               



            's Mayoralty. 
