





144. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Miles 
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a linen gown, value 10 s.
            
 the property of 
               
                  
                     Esther 
                     Hart 
                  




                
            , widow, Feb. 2
. ++


                  Esther 
                  Hart 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker
, and live in Grub-street


. On the 2d of February the prisoner came to our house, and asked for a handkerchief, which she said lay for 9 d. The bell being broke, I was obliged to go up stairs to call my servant to look for it. I returned in about two minutes. My servant said there was no such handkerchief. I said to the prisoner, You have come a great many times for goods which I never found. Then she went out immediately. As soon as she was gone I missed a linen gown, which I had taken in that day, from under the counter: We always put the goods of the present day there. I went out to see for her, but she was got out of sight. I sent a person out to see for her, and she was brought back in about a quarter of an hour. I took her before my Lord Mayor, there she utterly denied it. She was committed to the Compter, till I could get an opportunity to see about among the pawnbrokers for the gown. I found it by inquiring at Mr. Berry's, a pawnbroker in Barbican. I have known the prisoner two or three years, by using my shop.


                  John 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I am servant with Mr. Berry in Barbican. I took in this linen gown of the prisoner at the bar on the 2d of February, between nine and ten o'clock; it might be something later.
Q. to Prosecutrix. What time did the prisoner goout of your shop that day? (The gown produced.)
Prosecutrix. I cannot be exact to the time. I think it was about ten o'clock. This is the same gown. I have had it, I believe, ten or a dozen times before, and know it well. There was no body in the shop, but the prisoner, when I went up to order the handkerchief to be looked for.
Prisoner's Defence.
I pawned the gown for my sister.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
