






255, 256. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Clark 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing four chariot springs, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Butler 
                  



                
            ; and 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Sprage 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , April 28

. ||
Clark. I beg leave to withdraw my plea of not guilty, I plead guilty.


                  Samuel 
                  Butler 
               



            . I am a coachmaker
; Clark was my servant
, he was taken up last Tuesday; he owned he had taken the springs and sold them to Sprage, who lives over against my workshop in Parker's-lane, and deals in old iron and other things
; he must know Clark was my servant. The springs cost me above 4 l. and Clark confessed he sold them for 7 s. and some halfpence. I found them again in Sprage's shop.


                  William 
                  Bruce 
               



            . I am a smith, I frequently deal with Sprage for old iron; he asked me if I would buy these springs, he told me he had four; I said I would help him to a chap; he set the price on them, 14 s. a hundred. I took one of them to a spring maker, and he knew the maker and sent for him. (The springs produced and deposed to.)


                  John 
                  Noaks 
               



            . I went with a search warrant to Sprage's house; he said; I know what you want, you want the coach springs; they were produced, and the other prisoner sent for, who said Sprage gave him so much money for them.


                  George 
                  Goodwin 
               



            . I made these springs; I went to Mr. Butler, knowing them to be his property, and acquainted them with it. Mr. Butler gave me 5 l. 10 s. for them; they are new.
Sprage's defence.
I never saw Clark when they were brought, nor never knew any thing of the matter till Tuesday last. Bruce came to my house with some old iron; he said let me take these springs to a gentleman to sell, I said you may. After he was gone, I said I was glad he had got them, being in hopes he would find out whose and what they were.
For the prisoner.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Cooper 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Sprage; Clark brought these springs to my master's house, I knew he was employed somewhere in Parker's lane, he used to deal at master's shop; he asked if he might leave a spring there; I said yes; after that be brought another, and after that another; he was to have them back in two or three days. He asked me to go and get him seven or eight shillings; I went and asked my mistress, she gave me 7 s. 4 d. I believe this was between ten and eleven at night on Saturday the 25th of April. Master never saw them the Tuesday morning; on the Tuesday he put his hand upon them and said, what is this copper. I said it is something that Clark brought; he said then go and find him, you silly woman. you do not know what you have done; what did you give him; I said 7 s. 4 d. he said, O sie, I wish the gentleman had them again.


                  Henry 
                  Martin 
               



            . I am a Marshal's court officer. I had a writ to execute for Mr. Sprage; I went to take one of the parties on that Saturday, and was with Mr. Sprage from about one till twenty minutes after eleven at night in Long-acre.


                  John 
                  Maddox 
               



            . I was with Mr. Sprage that night till about half an hour after eleven at night in Long-acre.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Iagram 
               



            . I attended Mrs. Spragein her labour that Saturday night. The servant-maid came to her for 7 s. and 4 d. she said what is it for; she answered she should not tell her now, but would another time. Mr. Sprage was not then at home.
Mr. Thorpe, John Gatehouse, and Mr. Gay gave him a good character.
Clark 

               Guilty
            . 



               B
            .
Sprage 

               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
