





411. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Davis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three guineas and one 36 s. piece
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Newbery 
                  




                
            , August 23
. ++


                  Francis 
                  Newbery 
               



            . I keep a bookseller's shop
 in Pater-noster-row


; I have a passage at the back of my shop, in it is a counter and till, beyond that is a little room; I had missed money out of that till divers times; I was led, by the frequent errands the prisoner made to my shop, to suspect him; he is an apprentice to Mr. Fuller, a bookseller in Ave-Maria-lane; I had lost three guineas out of that till before; I mentioned this lad at the bar to my young man. On the Friday evening after I had done my business, I took some money into my parlour, and put particular marks upon it, one 36 s. piece, a 27 s. piece, 5 guineas, 2 half guineas, three 5 s. 3 d. pieces, and five shillings in silver, and put them in the till, and about 7 o'clock on Saturday morning, the 23d of August, I planted 
               
                  George 
                  Riley 
               



            , my young man, behind the door in the little room on the back of the passage, where he could peep thro' the crevice, and have the command of the whole passage; about nine, or a little after, the prisoner came in for some numbers; I gave him an opportunity to be in the passage alone, while I went into the shop to give a customer change; he soon came after me, and said he desired I would serve him; in the mean time my lad came to me, and clapt his hand on my shoulder and said, this is he, Sir; then I sent for a constable; the prisoner then flung down three guineas and a 36 s. piece upon the counter, and said it was the first time he had ever done so; but after that he did confess he had taken the three guineas before, but I have taken no notice of that in the indictment. The money he took last is in the constable's hands, and I can sware to each separate piece.


                  George 
                  Riley 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Newbery, I was planted behind the door, and saw the prisoner take three guineas and a 36 s. piece out of my master's till; then he went into the fore-shop, I immediately followed him, and told my master that was the person that had taken the money; upon which the prisoner threw down the money, and said, that was the first time he had been guilty of a thing of that sort.


                  Robert 
                  Best 
               



            . I am a constable (he produced the money in court) this money was lying on the table when I was sent for last Saturday was se'nnight; it was delivered into my hands, and I have kept it ever since.
Q. to prosecutor. How was the money marked?
Prosecutor. The 36 s. piece had a scratch on it from the nose to the letter G, the date 1747; the five guineas were marked with the letter N under the head.
The jury inspected the money, and found it to be marked as mentioned.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
