





283. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Swift 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving the said candles, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
The same evidence was produced on this trial to prove the fact.
Prisoner's Defence.
In regard to Mr. Steers, he, about fourteen months ago, was tried for stealing three India bonds of an hundred pounds each; he brought people to swear he bought them of a Jew; he got discharged from it, and since that he has turned evidence, since he brought people to perjure themselves. He was an evidence last sessions against 
               
                  Dick 
                  Hitchin 
               



            . I had no occasion to go and buy candles to sell again; as I keep a public-house
, I could spend them myself. Mr. Fielding owes me a grudge; he advertised me ten guineas reward; he once offered to allow me 50 l. a year to be one of his informers; this is the 5th time I have been here, and never nobody appeared against me before. Lloyd has been taken up for picking of pockets, and has been five weeks in the Gatehouse. I heard at the Blakeney's-head, that Sir John said, if it cost him 500 l. he would never leave me till he had transported me. I never saw one of these candles; the candles were found in Steers's house; he buys stolen goods; he proves it; last sessions he bought all the hats stolen out of Lombard-street.
To his Character.


                  John 
                  Park 
               



            . I believe I have known Mr. Swift 14 or 15 years.
Q. What is his general character?
Park. I have heard people say a good deal of harm, and a good deal of good of him; he has been at my house five hundred times; I never knew any harm of him.


                  Robert 
                  Skeets 
               



            . I have known him about six years; I never knew any harm of him in my life; I used to saw out his box-wood for him; he is an ivory turner
, and used to make fishing-reels.
Q. What are you?
Skeets. I am a pump maker.



               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            . 
