





293. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Lucy 
                     Bruguiere 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               knowingly and designedly, by false pretences, obtaining from 
                     
                        Spencer 
                        Morris 
                     




                   , by the hands of his servant 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Stellings 
                     



                  , five yards and a half of white three-quartered mantua, by pretending she came from Mrs. Minet, wife of 
                     
                        Hugh 
                        Minet 
                     



                  , a customer, well known to 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Stellings 
                     



                  , and a large quantity of other rich goods
            , said to be done between the 9th of April and the 2d of May.


                  Joseph 
                  Stellings 
               



            . I live with Mr. Spencer Morris, a silk mercer
, at the White Lion on Ludgate Hill. I have known the prisoner some years, she has come often to our shop; on the 16th of March she came for 5 yards and a half of white 3-quarter'd mantua, in the name of Mrs. Minet, she said it was to make a white silk petticoat, she had it. Mrs. Minet is a married lady, and lives in St. Mary-Axe; the prisoner's mother, her sister, and she, are mantua makers; she always asked for a bill of parcels in Mrs. Minet's name, and had it with her. She came again on the 9th of April for 5 yards and a half more, to make another petticoat for Mrs. Minet, she had it.
Q. When did you first suspect this to be an imposition?
Stellings. When the pawnbroker sent to let me know she was stopped on the 2d of May, she had that day been and had 22 yards of garnet ground brocade, she went and pawned it near the Seven Dials; the pawnbroker's man came to our shop, to know whether she had the brocade of me or not; she came with him skimming into the shop dressed in one of the pieces she had in our shop, and to blind me she said it was her brother; (whispering very softly) I looked at him, and he at me, said she, can I have 2 yards more of this silk? I said, no; then, said she, don't carry the bill; here was the first alarm I had; she went away with the man. The man came back again, and said he thought, by what passed, she had not the goods fairly, and desired I would step up to his master, whom he said was a pawnbroker. I went, there was this garnet ground brocade, and she was dressed in this silk gown, the silk she had of me. (Producing a silk gown) Mrs. Minet was then out of town, but all the servants said she had no such order for either of the silks from her mistress.
Court. Give an account of what she had of you.
Steallings. The 9th of April, 5 yards and a half of white mantua, and 3 yards of black alamode.

The 18th, 9 yards of white and blue 3-quarter'd figur'd strip'd tobine, 4 yards and a half of black sattin, 6 and a half of black persian, and a yard and a half of green half ell.
The 19th, 8 yards of black sattin, and 2 yards and a half of white half ell Persian
The 25th, 10 yards and a quarter of white 3-quarter'd tobine, 5 and a half of crimson sattin, 5 and a quarter of black ditto, and 6 yards of crimson half ell Persian
The 17th, 4 ells and a half of blue sattin, 6 yards of black ditto, 7 yards of white half ell sarsnet, 6 and a half of black half ell ditto, and 18 yards of green Italian mantua.
May the 2d, 22 yards of garnet ground flower'd gimp brocade, 19 yards of green 3 quarter'd Italian mantua, 10 yards of black half ell alamode, 6 yards of white half ell sarsnet, and 2 yards 1-eight of black sattin. This closes the account of 67 l. 14 s. she had all those of me under pretence she came from Mrs. Minet, and was punctual to ask for a bill of parcels every time, she did not ask for a general bill till the last time.
Mrs. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Minet 
               



             deposed, she never ordered the prisoner to take up goods for her at Mr. Morris's for no part of the silk mentioned, neither did any of it ever come to her hands; and the last of the prisoner's mother working for her was the latter end of last year.


                  John 
                  Allison 
               



            , Mr. Humphry's, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Stevenson 
               



            , three pawnbrokers, deposed, to the taking many of the articles mentioned of the prisoner at the bar, and produced them in court.
The prisoner, in her defence, said her mother sent her for the goods.
She called Mr. Duniere, who deposed he had known her ever since he had been in England, which is 11 years, and that she was but 13 years and 6 months old; that the mother and sister were ran away, and she had not good examples set before her, and therefore out of compassion he came to speak for her.



               Guilty of obtaining the 5 yards and a half of white 3-quarter'd mantua by false pretences
            . 


               T
            .
