





79. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Parden 
                  



               
            , single woman
, was indicted for 


               stealing two white dimity pockets, value 6 d. one silk purse, value 2 d. one guinea, two half guineas, three crown pieces, and eleven shillings, in money numbered, one silver thimble, value 6 d. one steel pencil, value 3 d. and one steel corkscrew, value 2 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Susanna 
                           Morgan 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Gilbert 
                        Duel 
                     




, January 19
. +


                  Susanna 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them by name) on the 19th of January.
Q. Have you seen any of them since?
S. Morgan. I found part of them on the prisoner the same day. I had recomended her as a servant to my sister, at Lambeth. When she was there she staid out one whole night, and my sister was afraid to take her into the house again; so she came to my apartment, and I let her lie with me on the Thursday and Friday nights. On the Saturday morning she got up, under pretence of going to light my fire in the fore room. I heard her busy with my petticoat, and said, what are you doing. She said, your petticoat is lying on the ground. I bid her put it on my shoulders, which she did. Soon after this I missed her, whereupon I got out of the bed, and saw there was no fire lighted in the fore room. She had left the street and yard doors open. Then I was informed one 
               
                  Ned 
                  Perkins 
               



             and she kept company, so I went to justice Welch, and got a warrant and found her. She had then my purse, pencil, corkscrew and thimble; the thimble was marked, S. M. I asked her what she had done with my money. She said she had bought the cloaths she had on, and other things. I asked her what she had done with her own cloaths, and she said she had thrown them away, fearing I should advertise her in them. I asked her what she had done with my crown pieces. She said she had bought some things of Mr. Day, a pawnbroker, near St. Andrew's church, Holbourn, and had paid them away there. I went thither, and just as I came there, a boy came and said, pray what are these half crowns a piece. Mr. Day's Daughter said they are crown pieces, they are 5 s. and 3 d. a piece. The three crown pieces were lying with their heads uppermost, the coin of king 
               
                  Charles 
                  II 
               



            . I said they were mine, and that one had the date 1679, another 1671, the other 1673, and desired he would keep them separate till produced in a court of justice. He said he would, and he took and looked at them; they were of the dates which I had mentioned. Then I went to justice Welch, and him what I had done. He asked me if I knew more. I said the prisoner had then my pockets which were produced. Mr. Welch sent for Day, saying he should be very glad to see him. Day returned for answer, My compliments to Welch, I am out of his jurisdiction. Then I went to my Lord-mayor, had a warrant sign'd, and took Mr. Day up. When I came to Mr. Welch's, he produced my three crowns and three other crown pieces. I told him I wondered how three crown pieces could breed in another person's pocket, they never did in mine. The six crown pieces were laid down, the heads uppermost, on Mr. Welch's desk, who gave me a strict charge to take mine out as they then lay. I took mine out. Said he, are you sure they are yours. I said I was certain. Said he, look and see whether they answer as to the dates. They were defaced; that of 79, the tail of the 9 was taken out, and made 1670; that of 71, the 1 was taken out; and that of 73, was hard to be discerned. The dates were all fair and plain that day at between eleven and twelve, and when we were before the justice it was between three and four, (The pieces produced and inspected by the court and jury.)
Mr. Day. The prisoner came to my house on the 19th of January. She bought a cardinal for half a guinea, and a pair of stays, a bonnet and a handkerchief. I took of her two crown pieces and a guinea, out of which I gave her change. I received of her in the whole 1 l. 4 s. 6 d.
Q Did you look at the crown pieces when the prosecutrix came to your house?
Day. I did not, and did not know what dates they were.
Q. Do you know any thing of their being altered?
Day. No, I do not.
Q. Did you send for answer to the justice that you was out of his jurisdiction, and would not attend?
Day. I said, I am out of his jurisdiction, notwithstanding that I will go, if you will stay till my wife comes home; the prosecutrix came in a sort of a passion.
Prosecutrix. The prisoner said she had a gown from Mr. Day's that morning, which cost her 8 s.
Day. That is truth, she did, it came to 8 s. and 2 d. She used to pledge things with me, but I had not seen her for five or six months before
Q. Had she ever bought any thing of you before?
Day. No.
Q. Was not you surprised when you saw her produce so much money?
Day. No; I do not ask people how they come by their money.
Prosecutrix. When I asked Mr. Day if he had any other crown pieces in his house, he said he had not.
The Constable. I saw the crown pieces at Mr. Day's house; the dates were fair on them all then, but they were not so when before the justice. The prosecutrix desired Mr. Day to look at the dates of each, which he did, and gave them into the prosecutrix's hand, one by one.
Prisoner's Defence.
She told me she would give me my liberty if I would tell her what I had done with her crown pieces.
For the Prisoner.


                  Ann 
                  Wiliamson 
               



            . I have known the prisoner some time, and never knew any ill of her; she has very good friends.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Colombine 
               



            . I have known her seven or eight years; she is a very sober honest girl.


                  Sarah 
                  Saunders 
               



            . I knew her two years ago; she had a good character.




               Guilty, 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


