






295. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Crouch 
                  , otherwise 
Crouchifer




            , and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , widows

, were indicted for 


               stealing one brass fire-shovel, one copper drinking pot, one china-mug, one table-cloth, and two aprons
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Gleyne 
                  




                
            , October 3
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Gleyne 
               



            . I keep a publick-house
, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, at divers times; the fire-shovel I lost near four months ago, they constantly frequented my house, the place where they live was contiguous to my house, they lived together, and fell out on the 26th of September; they are two sisters

, each accused the other with stealing my things. One said, the other had stole my fire-shovel, and pawned it at Mr. Hart's in Grub-street, for 2 s. The other charged her with robbing me of my copper warming-pot, and china mug, and several other things, and that they were pawned in Petticoat-lane. I went and found the shovel at Mr. Hart's. Then I went to Mr. Wallice's, in Petticoat-lane, and found the copper-pot, and the china-mug. There was on the china-mug a silver rim, but they had taken that off; there I found two checque aprons.


                  Clement 
                  Hart 
               



            . My wife took in this shovel. [Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.]


                  James 
                  Wallice 
               



            . All the things mentioned in the indictment were pawned with me; except the fire-shovel, by the prisoner Crouch, the prosecutor has seen them, and own'd them.
Q. Was Smith with her when she brought them?
Wallice. No, she was not.
Prosecutor. They both owned before my lord mayor, to the stealing of these goods. Smith said, she took nothing but the fire-shovel.
Wallice. I was before my lord mayor, I think they both owned it there. [The constable produced the other things; deposed to by the prosecutor.]
Crouch's Defence.
The woman that gave them me to pawn, is with child by the prosecutor, and she is kept out of the way.
Smith's Defence.
I took the shovel from under some rubbish, where I put my basket in the prosecutor's tap-room, it was in my basket.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


