





139. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Macdougall 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing fifty pair of leather soles, value 20 s. ten wooden lasts, value 10 d, and twenty pounds weight of leather
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Skene 
                  




                
            , January 30
. ++
Mr. Finleson. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Skene 
               



             is now a Bankrupt
. I am one of the assignees. The prisoner did work for him. We had an information there were some leather, the property of the bankrupt, in the prisoner's room, in the Broadway, Westminster. I went to search on the 30th of January, and saw some soles and other things found there, which the bankrupt says were his property.



                  John 
                  Edmunds 
               



            . On the 30th of January the bankrupt came to my house, and said he had information the prisoner had some of his leather, and desired me to go to Mr. Finleson who got a warrant, and we went with a constable to the prisoner's lodgings; there we found, I think, twenty-five pounds weight of inward sole leather, fifteen lasts, (all marked with the bankrupt's name) and fifty pair of soles, ten dozen welts, and other parcels of leather. The prisoner said he bought eighteen pair of them soles at Mr. Marshman's in the Broadway, Westminster, and picked out eighteen pair from the rest. I asked him in what Manner he bought them; he said, by two or three pair at a time, and said the rest were all the bankrupt's property; and that his method was, as he worked for him at his own lodgings, he went and bought worse leather at the leather-cutters, and put them in and kept his master's soles; and his master's clicker brought the lasts to him.
Q. How long has Mr. Skene been a bankrupt?
Edmonds. He has been a bankrupt ever since October last, when he ran away. There were a few shoes out among the workmen, and when they came in the trade was stopt. I believe the prisoner could not have carried on this scene since he was a bankrupt.


                  Alexander 
                  Levistone 
               



            . I was at the searching the prisoner's lodgings. I saw upwards of twenty pounds weight of inward sole leather found, fifteen lasts or upwards in a bag, with the initial letters of the bankrupt's name on each; and I saw found fifty soles, and about ten dozen of Welts. The prisoner told me he bought worser soles, and kept his master's himself, and put in the bad one's in his master's shoes.
Q. What are you?
Levistone. I am a currier.
Q. Did you ever hear of Journeymen doing such a thing?
Levistone. I have heard so.
Mr. Finleson. The prisoner is a creditor to the bankrupt of 21 l. and I do think this prosecution was done in malice.


                  Robert 
                  Skene 
               



            . I am a shoemaker; the prisoner was my journeyman two years; he worked at home in his own room.
Q. How many pair of shoes might you deliver out to him in a week?
Skene. About 14 or 15 pair. I delivered out all the Materials. I delivered out lasts, but not those that were found in his house; the lasts that he had were only for the army, but these were customers lasts.
Q. If he had taken and kept your leather, and put in worse, could you have discovered it?
Skene. No; not thinking of any fault.
Q. Is the prisoner a creditor under the commission?
Skene. He is of 21 l. I borrowed money of him at two guineas at a time.
Q. When did you become a bankrupt?
Skene. I became a bankrupt in October.
Q. Did he know you was likely to become a bankrupt?
Skene. No; he never pressed me for money, or to give him security for it. (The goods produced in court.)
Skene. The lasts I know by my name on them; they are mine; and I know the soles to be mine by the cutting; they are my own cutting. The prisoner told me he had sent two parcels of my leather to Scotland that he had got in this manner.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought two or three dozen pair of welts. There were several journeymen worked in the house I lived in for my master; and when they went away they did not carry home their lasts; they were found in my custody, but I did not bring them there; I bought a number of soles of journeymen who had them to sell, and in leather-cutter shops, and cut it out myself.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
