





371. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Onion 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven linen shirts, value 10 s. and one handkerchief. value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Mercy 
                        



                      
                  , privately from the person of Sarah, wife
 of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Flood 
                     



, June 5
. +


                     Sarah 
                     Flood 
                  



                
            . I am a washer-woman
. Last Tuesday, betwixt 10 and 11 at night, coming to Mr. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Mercy 
               



            's, who has a nephew, named James, with seven shirts in a handkerchief, over against Warwick-lane, a man came behind me, and snatched them from me, and ran away into Warwick-lane; upon which I immediately pursued, and called Stop thief; the watchman stopped him, and a little girl picked up the bundle, and brought it to me. (The girl was too young to be examined).


                  John 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I am a watchman. I was at the corner of Warwick-lane when the woman called out, Stop thief; and upon hearing it repeated, and saying he has robbed me of my bundle, I stepped from my stand, and saw the prisoner with a bundle, under his left arm: I came up to him and had a scuffle with him; the handkerchief had two corners untied, and the things flew out of it. He got away, and the bundle was thrown away, but I did not see him throw it away. I pursued, and called Stop thief, being not above a yard and a half behind him; and by Stationer's-hall, he was taken by a brother watchman; and being asked how he came by the bundle, he said, he had no bundle at all.


                  William 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner and bundle were brought to me; the woman saw the bundle, and swore to it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all of it. I did not take the bundle.
He called four people to his character, who gave him a good one.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from her person
            . 


               T
            .
