





328. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Silvester 
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he, together with 
                     
                        Ralph 
                        Broderick 
                     



                   not taken, did steal 500 pounds weight of lead, value 4 l. 10 s. the same being fixed to a certain dwelling house
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Blackden 
                  



                
            , widow
, and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Clack 
                  



                
            , Jan. 6
. +


                  Ezekiel 
                  Twitton 
               



            . I am foreman to Mrs. Blackden and Mr. Clack. About the 6th or 7th of January there was about 500 weight of lead taken from three brick buildings, being middle gutters, in Fore-street


; the prisoner was taken, and before Mr. Alderman Cokayne confessed, that he helped to carry it away to the receiver's in Grub street; I went with him to that house in quest of the man, but could not meet with him.


                  Edward 
                  Gregory 
               



            . The prisoner and Broderick was along with me when we got this lead; the prisoner was at the bottom of the ladder when I went up and fetched it down, then he took it and carried it away.
Prisoner's defence.
About four or five months ago I had been to the White Horse, Cripplegate; in my return to my lodgings I met Gregory and Broderick, each with lead upon their shoulders; I asked them what they had got, (I did not know them till they spoke to me;) Broderick said, what is that to you, and d - d me; I went up to him, he said, I wish you would take hold of this a little bit, it hurts my shoulder; he said he was not going much farther; I carried it about 50 yards, he gave it me at the corner of Grub street; I said, I was afraid I should be locked out of my lodgings, I wished them a good night, and went home to my lodgings.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
