






479, 480. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Elwood 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Stroud 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing twelve guineas, three quarter guineas, and nine Louis d'ors
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Le Roy 
                  




               
            , July 19
. +
The prosecutor being a foreigner, an interpreter was sworn.


                  Joseph 
                  Le Roy 
               



            . On the 19th of July, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I met with two girls, standing at a door in Great Earl-street


, as I was coming from my work, and I went into the house where they stood. The girl at the bar was one of them. I went up into her room, and agreed to give her two shillings to lie with her. I gave her a shilling to get a pot of beer before we went to bed. The other girl fetched it. There was no body but the two girls and I when we drank it. After I was gone to sleep, the prisoner got up, and was gone, I suppose, to Elwood's room. Elwood and another person came in, and he had the complaisance to take me by the collar, and draw me out of bed: then he held me by the collar, and gave me a blow on the cheek. I desired to have my breeches, which I had put under the feather bed; but I found them at the foot of the bed. I put them on, but found there was no money. I had the money, mentioned in the indictment, sewed up in a purse, in my fob, when I went to bed. Elwood said, Go along, French bugger. Then the prisoner came into the room with them. There was some silver saved, which was in my waistcoat pocket. I went down stairs, and met the watch; then we took the two prisoners, and carried them to the round-house. They were searched, but none of the money was found. This was about one o'clock.
Q. Was you drunk or sober?
Le Roy. Neither one nor the other. I had been to make water in the yard, and then I felt, and know I had my purse and money. This was before I went up stairs.
Q. Where did you take your money from, when you sent for the beer?
Le Roy. I took it out of my right-hand waistcoat pocket.
Q. from Elwood. Whether you did not draw three-pence from your master, when you had earned six-pence?
Le Roy. No, never. I brought this money with me from France. I changed some of my French money in the packet with a gentleman that was going over.
Q. from Elwood. Whether you did not offer to make this up, provided I would give you ten guineas?
Le Roy. No, never.
Mr. Legare. I am an oriceweaver, and the prosecutor is a spanglemaker
. He might earn a guinea, or better, a week. He is a very sober man, and behaved well. He came to me since he was robbed.
Stroud's Defence.
Another young woman was with me at my door, when he asked us to go and drink what we thought proper. We went to the next door but one, had a quartern of gin, and he paid for it. After that he followed us home to my lodging, came into my apartment, and gave the young woman, named 
               
                  Ann 
                  Rose 
               



            , a shilling for a pot of beer. He offered me a shilling: I said it was too little. He said he had no more. After that we went to bed. I did not choose to oblige him, so he used me ill. I was even obliged to call murder. Then he wanted his money again, but I would not give it him. He then put on his clothes, and we both came down together. After that it was a full half hour before he brought the watchman and constable.
Elwood's Defence.
When I heard the uproar, she calling murder, I came down stairs. He was going to use her ill. He was in his shirt. I said, If you do not go about your business, I'll call the watch, and take you to the round-house. I am a taylor.
For the Prisoners.


                  Ann 
                  Rose 
               



            . I am the girl that was sent for the pot of beer. I drank once, wished them a good night, and went to my own apartment. After that I heard a great noise. Mr. Elwood went down, and desired he would not make a disturbance.
Q. There was another man; what is his name?


                  Ann 
                  Rose 
               



            . His name is 
               
                  William 
                  Robertson 
               



            .


                  John 
                  Cross 
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I have known Elwood twelve months. He was in my debt when out of work; but when he got into work he paid me.


                  Richard 
                  More 
               



            . He lodged with me. He is an honest man, as far as I know.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
