





320. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Morris 
                  , otherwise 
Hambleton




            , was indicted for 


               stealing two silver table spoons, value 20 s. one silver watch, value 20 s. one pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10 s. a silver stock-buckle, a silver pencil case, a guinea, and a half guinea, two six-and-nine-penny pieces, and 16 s. and 6 d. in money numbered, and one leather pocket book
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jones 
                  




                
            , April 7
. +


                  William 
                  Jones 
               



            . I live in Holborn


. On the 7th of April, my sister-in-law that keeps my house told me I had been robbed. I went up and missed the things in the indictment. There is one Mr. Taylor who lodges above in my house; the prisoner had been up to see him that day. He told us he lodged in King-street, Seven Dials. We got a warrant from Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and Sir John sent a man with my son, who found the prisoner in the street, and brought him before Sir John.


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am son to the prosecutor. I went and searched the prisoner's lodgings; there we found all the things in a box that are in the indictment. The prisoner said he knew nothing of them.


                  Thomas 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I lodge in the prosecutor's house. I saw the prisoner come into the prosecutor's house that day. I was at the finding the things in his lodgings.
Mrs. West. I am sister-in-law to the prosecutor. I was up stairs dusting my young master's room. The prisoner was up in Mr. Taylor's room. I left my room-door open, and came down to the bottom of the stairs, thinking to go up directly. As I was standing at the bottom of the stairs he came down. The things were kept in a drawer in the room, which was unlocked. After that the prisoner came up again; he seemingly only went up, but came down again that very moment. Then he went away.
Prisoner's Defence.
I acknowledge I was in the house to see Mr. Taylor, to let him know where I was removed to.
Prosecutor. There were a loaded pistol and a hanger found in his room.
He called 
               
                  John 
                  Hart 
               



             and Elizabeth his wife, travelling pedlars, who traded in hard-ware, and said they resided sometimes in Canterbury, and sometimes in London, to prove the goods mentioned were brought into his apartment by two strangers. The wife was ordered out of court while the husband gave his evidence, which was as follows: that on the 7th of April he and his wife called to see the prisoner in his lodgings; that while they were there, about twelve o'clock, or some time after, there came in two men, seemingly seafaring men, with two bundles. The bundles were not opened while he was there; that they had a silver watch, and two spoons, and a pair of silver buckles, which the prisoner ordered them to put into a chest; that after the prisoner was gone for beer, the men took out another watch and hung it up, saying, that Mr. Morris might see what time of the day it was when he came up; and he did not observe, that when the prisoner came in, he looked at the watch at all.
The wife when called in gave evidence, that the two strangers brought in four bundles, two watches, and two spoons; that the prisoner gave them the liberty to leave the things for a few days; that the prisoner was by at the time when the two watches were produced, and when one of them was hung up in his apartment. They both said they had known the prisoner about three years; that he was a tradesman, being a gun-flint maker
.


                  Charles 
                  Taylor 
               



            , 
               
                  Richard 
                  Shannon 
               



            , Jerrard Bourn, and Nicholos Brown, gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
