





173. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Jackson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three dozen of worsted stockings, value 3 l. one dozen of mittens, value 12 s. six pieces of worsted for breeches, and thirty-five yards of flannel
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Wade 
                     Cuel 
                  




                
            , Feb. 9
. ++


                  Wade 
                  Cuel 
               



            . I am book-keeper
 at the Rose Inn by Holborn-bridge


. On Thursday morning, the 9th of this month, the porter had weighed off a parcel of goods to go to Southampton; among these goods were a paper parcel to go to 
               
                  William 
                  Taylor 
               



             at Southampton. The porter put them down by the side of the waggon, under the shed; after that we proceeded to weigh another parcel for another waggon; I heard an uncommon talking, and went out to see what was the matter, when one of the men, who had the prisoner by the collar, told me they had got a thief; which was the prisoner; they were for ducking him, but I said, No, by no means. I sent for a constable, and held the prisoner the while; then we took him to Woodstreet-Compter.


                  James 
                  More 
               



            . I crossed the market to get a pennyworth of purl, coming back I saw the prisoner with the paper parcel upon his arm; he was about two yards from where the rest of the goods lay in the yard; I took the parcel from him, and laid hold of him. (He produced one dozen of stockings.) These are part of the goods; we were obliged to send the rest of the goods down into the country.
Cuel. In the parcel were the things laid in the indictment. (Mentioning the particulars )
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
More. No; he had no business in the yard


                  Robert 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am a porter at the Rose Inn. I saw nothing of this till I was called by Mr. More. I never saw the prisoner before; he had no business in the yard as I know of.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was bound to the sea, and had been abroad sixteen months; but the ship was laid up for the winter. I had a letter that my mother was very sick; my master granted me leave to go to see her; when I came to London, she sent me to an old woman, a nurse, at Bloomsbury; as I was going there, I met a man who asked me where I had been; I told him: he said, if you will carry a parcel for me, I will pay you for it, and ordered me to meet him at the Fleet-market; which I did: he bid me follow him: I did; he then went and lifted that parcel on my shoulders, and again bid me follow him: he went out, and as I was going after him, that gentleman laid hold of me. I called to the man, Thomas or John, Why don't you answer! but he made off. Be pleased to ask the porter, whether I did not call in that manner.
Q. to More. Did you hear the prisoner call as he said?
More. When he found I had laid hold of him, he said (Tom stop, don't go away.) I did see the glimpse of a man, but not to discern what dress he had on; he ran off as fast as he could towards Fleetstreet, down the side of the market.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
