





208. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Burdet 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing nine ounces of tea, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Lawrance 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  William 
                  Lucas 
               



             , May 2
. ++


                  William 
                  Lucas 
               



            . 
               
                  Richard 
                  Lawrance 
               



             and I are partners

, the prisoners was our servant
, at 12 shillings a week.
Q. What are you?
Lucas. I am agrocer
, I found nine ounces of tea upon the prisoner, and by comparing it, and finding a quantity out of the same cannister spilt, as if taken out of the cannister in a hurry, and by the prisoner's confession, I knew it to be our property.
Q. How came you to find it upon him?
Lucas. His pocket stood out bigger than ordinary; then I said, John, you have something in your pocket that does not belong to you: he said he had nothing but his tobacco-box; I bid him pull it out, he did, and said he had nothing else. I put my hand into his pocket, and found a quantity of tea loose in his pocket; then I got Mr. Harrison to turn out his pocket, and I smelt at it, and said it was our 16 shillings tea. I went to that cannister, and by it I found some tea spilt, which is very seldom the case: then he owned it came out of that cannister. I had a seal put on it immediately, and took him before my Lord-mayor, and he was sent to the Compter. I got a search-warrant, and went to his house, and in a drawer I found about thirty different articles, all in the grocery way. He confessed to the other things also, and owned the same before my Lord Mayor, and offered to go for a soldier, to serve the India company. [The tea produced in Court.]


                  Cuthbert 
                  Harrison 
               



            . This tea I saw my master, the prosecutor, turn out of the prisoner's pocket, I tied it up, and sealed it down.
Q. to Lucas. How long had he been your servant?
Lucas. He lived with me about nine months.
Prisoner's Defence.
My master found the tea upon me, and said it was his tea, I don't know but it may be his. I was in such confusion I do not know what I said.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


