





53. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Williams 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one stuff petticoat, value 2 s. 6 d and six yards and a half of linnen cloth, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Barnes 
                  




                
            , Dec. 9
. +.


                  Sarah 
                  Barnes 
               



            . The prisoner lodged with me. On the ninth of last month, she asked me for the key of the chamber, and said she would go up and make a fire, in order to get supper ready. She took it, and went up and staid ten or a dozen minutes, and then came down and went out. I went up and found my door open, and missed my petticoat, and six yards and a half of linnen cloth, and five shillings in halfpence, that lay on the tip top of the things. Her mother lodged with me; and upon taking her up, and examining her if she thought her daughter guilty, she said she thought she was; and by her mother I found her out. I got a warrant and took her up. She said she was very sorry for what she had done, and begged for mercy; and cried, and said she would never do the like again; and told us where the cloth and petticoat were, and we found them accordingly.


                  William 
                  Masters 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar brought this piece of linnen to me on the 9th of December. She told me she bought it to make a gown for herself. I stopped it; and the prosecutrix's brother and prisoner came together for it; and I delivered it to them. [Produced in court, and deposed to.]
Prisoner. To be sure I was guilty of the fault; but I never saw any money as she has mentioned.
Prosecutrix. That is not laid in the indictment; but I lost it at that time. I have been a mother and a mistress to her. She has lived with me on and off, about seven years. She has got a place, then she has came away; and I took her in several times.
Q. Is she related to you?
Prosecutrix. No, not at all; only I took a fancy to her, and loved her. I never found her guilty of any thing else; but I will not take my oath of it. Let that fall, that was but a small fault, what she did before.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


