





229. (L.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Reynolds 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Starkey 
                  




                
            , March, 27
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Starkey 
               



            . I was facing the Mansion-house


 on Easter Monday; it might want about a quarter of an hour of four o'clock; just at the time my Lord Mayor was coming to the Mansion-house from St. Bride's church. Mr. Pain tapt me on the shoulder and said, You have lost your handkerchief. I felt, and found it was gone. He had hold of the prisoner. He was taken to the Compter. He was searched, and a handkerchief found upon him, but not mine.


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . Between three and four o'clock I went from my house to St. Bride's church; a little before my Lord came out of the church I went along by the coach till I got to the corner of St. Paul's church yard, and saw the prisoner attempting to pick several pockets as I followed him to the Mansion-house. There, as the coach was turning, the people were pretty much on a crowd. The prosecutor's coat was unbuttoned. I saw the prisoner take a red and white, or purple handkerchief out of his right hand pocket. He wrapped it up, as if going to put it into his pocket. I hit the gentlemen on his shoulder, and said, You have lost your handkerchief; he felt, and said, I have. I said, This is the fellow that has got it. I took hold of him, searched him, and found two handkerchiefs upon him, which he said were his own. I asked him if there were marks on either of them; he said there were not; but we looked, and found the letter A upon a corner of one of them.
Q. Are you certain you saw the prisoner take a handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket?
Pain. I saw him take it, as plain as I see your Lordship now.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a labouring man. I bought them two handkerchiefs of an old clothes woman in Holbourn. I never saw the gentleman with my eyes before they took hold of me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
