






58, 59. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Barnard 
                     Nathan 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Moses 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 15 yards of blue duffel woollen cloath, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Dallaway 
                        




                      
                  , in the warehouse of 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Foster 
                     



, widow, ++.


                  Laurence 
                  Pitt 
               



            . I am book keeper to Mrs. Foster at the George-inn on Snow-hill, and the waggons that came in there. On the 31st Dec. between the hours of twelve and one in the day. One of our porters came to me in the house, and asked me if I had delivered a truss that was in the yard for Honeybone and Biggs at Blanford in Doisetshire: It was 15 yards of blue duffel cloath, sewed up together. Then he said has Gibbs [that is another porter] been here? I said, no. Then he said, the truss is stole. There is a person in a blue surtout coat, and a snuff-coloured or brown coat under it, with a cut wig, and his hat cock'd up, has got it under his arm, and is turned on the left hand up Snow-hill. I ran towards Newgate, but happened to go the wrong way.
Q. Where was the truss taken from?
Pitt. It was under a shed, what we call a warehouse; it is a place where we flow goods.
Q. Is your warehouse under lock and key?
Pitt. We have four other warehouses under lock and key; but this is not, only by night, when the gates are shut. I was called back, when the two prisoners were in custody. I went and saw them at the Bull-head, at the corner of St. John's-street, in Smithfield. The constable was charged with them, and the goods were in the same room. Lacy, the porter that gave me the first account that the truss was taken away, came to the alehouse door. I asked him, if he should know the man again if he saw him. He said, yes. He came up to Nathan, and clap'd his stick to his stick, and said, you are the man that I saw with the truss under your arm. Nathan said he did not know the place. At the Bull-head, they said they did not know one another; but before my lord mayor, when he asked Nathan his name, Moses immediately said, it is 
               
                  Bernard
                   Nathan. My
               



             lord asked them what they had to say for themselves. They said they saw a man run thro' the yard, and drop the truss, and they pick'd it up and kept it for the right owner.


                  John 
                  Lacy 
               



            . This truss of cloth was in Mrs. Foster's warehouse the last day of the old year, in a place in the yard where we stow goods, it is a shed. My fellow servant went to dinner, and I to the barber's in the passage, within two doors of our gate. As I was coming out again, I met the prisoner Nathan in the passage, with the truss under his arm. I looked very hard at him. He turned about two or three times between that and the end of the passage. I began to suspect him. I observed him to turn up Snow-hill. I made haste into the house, and asked Mr. Pitt, if he had delivered that truss to any body. He said, no. I described the man, and desired him to run as hard as he could towards Newgate after him; then I told Mr. Gibbs of it, and desired him run towards Smithfield. I was lame at that time to with the rheumatism in my feet, and could not run. I went as far as the cock alehouse on Snow-hill, and Gibbs soon came back, and said he had secured the man. I went to the Bull-head, at the corner of St. John's-street; the house was full of people. I went to Nathan, and said, that is the young man I saw with the truss. He said, I do not know you, nor the place neither. They were taken to the mansion-house. The defence they made before my lord mayor was, that a person dropt the truss, and they pick'd it up to keep it for the right owner.
Q. from 
               
                  Nathan 
                  Why 
               



             did you not ask me some questions about the truss when you saw me?
Lacy. I did not know but that he belonged to some of the inns, and that it was delivered to him.


                  Thomas 
                  Gibbs 
               



            . This day fortnight, I went for a pot of beer to the tap-house. I saw the two prisoners in the yard, at the George on Snow-hill. Nathan was stooping down to rub his shoes on some straw, the other had got an old cloath's bag under his arm. Presently after, Lacy called me, and said, have you delivered the truss to any body? I said, no. Then he said it was stole; he had just met a man with a blue surtout coat, and a snuff-coloured coat under it, with it, and that he had sent Mr. Pitt after him towards Newgate, and he bid me go towards Smithfield. I went up Cow-lane; and having seen them before, I looked round, and saw them much about the Hen and Chickens in Smithfield. I watched them till they turned the corner beyond Cloth-fair, till they came to Long-lane. When they passed that, I crossed the fields and made up to them; they we at the second coach that stood at the corner. Jacob had got the truss in the old cloaths bag, and had put it into the hackney coach, and was going to get in. I said hold of the bag with my right hand, and him with my left; he loosed my hold, and went away. Then I laid hold of Nathan with my left hand, and called out, stop thief. Nathan was soon taken near the Boar's-head tavern; then we took them and the truss into the Bull-head at the corner of St. John's-street. I went for a constable, and gave him charge of them. I asked them, when I first took them, what they had to do with that truss? Nathan said, he knew nothing of it, and said he did not belong to the other man. Before the lord mayor, they said there was a person coming by them as they were going through the yard, and as the man ran he dropt the truss, and they pick'd it up. [The truss produced in court, and deposed to by three witnesses].


                  Nicholas 
                  Millar 
               



            . I was at the Bull head, and heard a person call, stop thief. I saw Jacob running: I ran and took him.


                  John 
                  Jeffery 
               



            . This day fortnight, I was at the Bear and Ragged Staff, about one o'clock at noon. I heard the cry, stop thief. I ran out, and saw Gibbs having hold of Nathan and the bag. I heard Nathan say, let me go, I do not belong to him. Gibbs said, there is another, and bid me run. I ran towards Smithfield-bars, and there I saw Millar bringing Jacob back.
Nathan's Defence.
The George-yard is a thoroughfare. As I was going through there came a man running down as fast as he could; whether he was afraid of any thing I cannot tell: he dropt the bundle, and I took it up. This man [pointing to Lacy] looked at me. I was going to advertise it. I did not say, I did not know that man [ pointing to Jacob]. When the man came, he said he had paid 10 l. for things lost out of the inn-yard; and came in making a noise.
Moses's Defence.
I was frighted, and just went away from the coach. He called, stop thief. I stopt, and said, here am I; what do you call stop thief for? And I went into the public house with them.
For the Prisoners.


                  Joseph 
                  Barber 
               



            . I have known Nathan about a month, and Moses about six months. I never knew any harm of them in my life.
Q. How do they get their livings?
Barber. I cannot tell how, only by honestly. They are Jews.


                  Nicholas 
                  Wade 
               



            . I have known Nathan nine years. He was a poulterer. The other I have known six or eight months. I never knew any thing amiss of them.
Both 


               Guilty of stealing, but not in the warehouse
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


