





451. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Rose 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four-silver table spoons, a silver punch ladle, two silver tops for castors, and a quarter guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Thomas 
                  




                
            , Aug. 7
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  David 
                  Thomas 
               



            ; I live at the Half-moon eating-house in Aldersgate-street


; the prisoner came on the 7th of August, and asked me how I did; I had forgot him; I said, I cannot say I know you; he said his name was Harry; then I recollected he had lived with us six weeks above twelve months ago; he asked for a pint of beer; I fetched it, and gave him some victuals; after he was gone, the things in the indictment were missing, but I did not miss them immediately.


                  James 
                  Yates 
               



            . I happened to be in the house where he was brought in, by the person that took him; I saw the things taken, some out of his pocket, some out of his breeches; there were two table-spoons, two pieces of spoons, and part of a punch-ladle.


                  John 
                  Bramhall 
               



            . I am a constable; I was sent for to the Blakeney's-Head in Bartholomew-close, to take the prisoner; I took him in custody, and had him searched; these spoons and things were found upon him; (produced and deposed to.)
Mr. Kersill. I live in Aldersgate-street. On the 13th of August the prisoner brought part of a crown-piece ladle to sell; he said he had found it by Jewin-street; I said, if you will go near the Half-moon, you will find the person that lost it; I did this, expecting I should discover whether the things were stolen from thence; he, as I expected, ran away; we pursued him, he was brought back; and when we charged him, he owned he had taken a quarter guinea out of the bottom of the ladle, and paid it away; when he found he was to be searched, he owned they were Mr. Thomas's property.
Prisoner's defence.
Coming through the passage, I saw these spoons before me; I touched them with my foot; I took them up, and put them in my pocket, and had them in my pocket when I went into the house for the beer.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
