





105. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fielder 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one wooden tub, value 3 s. and five casks, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Bevan 
                  




                
            , January 10
. ||


                  Henry 
                  Bevan 
               



            . I am a cooper
, and live in Poland-street. The prisoner worked journey-work with me, about a year and nine months; he worked for me till last Monday; I took him yesterday morning in his lodgings. 
               
                  William 
                  Denbigh 
               



             came and told me he had bought a tub of the prisoner, and he thought he bought it too cheap: I found it to be my tub, when I took the prisoner up, and charged him with stealing these tubs. He confessed that he had stole as many as came to about fifty shillings, from time to time: I do not know but he has taken as many as come to twenty pounds. I reposed a great deal of confidence in him.


                  William 
                  Denbigh 
               



            . The prisoner came to me about two months ago; he was going into the country, and had two casks, and wanted to sell them; I gave three shillings and six-pence for them: they are now at Mr. Bevan's house.
Bevan. They are my property.
Denbigh. He came in distress, and borrowed a shilling of me; after that he told me he was carrying a tub to a turner's shop, which was bespoke, and if I would go and call for a pint of beer, he would come and pay me; he came, and said they would give him but three and six-pence for it; so I took it, and stop'd my shilling. This was last Monday night about seven o'clock.
Q. What are you?
Denbigh. I am a cooper, and live in Oxford-road near Grosvenor-Square. In a minute or two, I mistrusted it was not honestly come by; so I left the tub in the Tap-room, and went and enquired where the tub came from: I knew he worked with Mr. Bevan; then I went and let Mr. Bevan know of it.


                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar came to me, about two months ago, with a gallon wooden bottle, and a two gallon one; one came to seven-pence, and the other eleven-pence. This same tub the prisoner brought to me last Monday night, and asked me if I would have it; I said, no.
Q. What are you?
Smith. I keep a turner's shop.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have often been trusted with my master's goods, and have returned him the money.
Bevan. I did not trust him with these goods; I have found five casks of his selling, unknown to me; he has almost trusted me out of doors.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
