





442. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Weeks 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jasper 
                           Smith 
                        




                      
                  , in his shop privately
            , August 24
. +


                  Jasper 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am a watchmaker
, and keep a shop in - Street, near Berkley-square


. I was at a neighbour's, next door to my house, and saw my 'prentice run into the street, pursuing the prisoner: he brought him back into the shop: I went in, and saw him endeavouring to take the watch from the prisoner, and in the scuffle, the watch fell to the ground. (The watch produced in court, and deposed to).


                  William 
                  Waddington 
               



            . I am 'prentice to Mr. Smith. On Saturday, August 24, between the hours of twelve and one, the young lad and two more stood at the window while I was putting a watch together: when I had put it together, I wound it up, and went behind the door where our regulator stands, to time it; a tall genteel young man came into the shop, and stood between the window and me, so that I could not see a great deal of the shop; he took a woman's watch chain out of his pocket, and asked me the value of the chain and seal? I told him the chain was worth very little, as it was not compleat, but the seal might serve himself. Just as I mentioned these words, the prisoner came in as quick as possible, and took this watch out of a drawer that lay upon the board; there were two in the drawer: he went out again immediately: he went to the farther part of the shop, to go to the drawer; he passed by me again to go out, and I pursued him, and took him before he had got a dozen yards. I brought him back into the shop, and asked him what he had got of ours? (I did not see him take the watch, but I was sure he had taken something) he made no answer: I went to search him, and he took it out of his pocket, and threw it upon the ground at about a yard distance. My master saw it upon the floor before I took it up: I took the drawer out not three hours before, for a tool I wanted; the young man stayed in the shop till I came back: we did not know then that he was any confederate with the boy: a neighbour asked him if he knew the prisoner?
Q. Had you any suspicion at that time that the man was concerned with the boys?
Waddington. I had not.
Q. What became of the other two?
Waddington. He that came into the shop about the chain was one of them; the other ran away.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw the watch till it was shewn me by the man in the shop; I live in Liquorpond-street; my father is a mathematical instrument maker; I belonged to St. Giles's free-school; I have left school about nine months, and have drawn beer since at the Blakeney's Head in St. Giles's, and at 
               
                  Dean 
                  Swift 
               



            's Head, in Drury-lane.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
