





331. (M). 
               
                  John 
                  Hill 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden cask, value 1 s. and eight gallons of brandy, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Vaugh 
                  




                
            . it was laid also to be the property of persons unknown, June 2
. +


                  John 
                  Vaugh 
               



            . I am a distiller
, and live in Wapping-street


. Last saturday morning, I was called out of bed, and told somebody was in my cellar: I got up, and went, and missed out of a cask, as I thought, 14 or 15 gallons of brandy. I sent for the stocking officer, who gauged it, and said there were about eight or nine gallons gone.
Q. How did he get at a cask to take it away?
Vaugh. I have empty ones in the same cellar. At night, I happened to go into a public-house, where were some neighbours: there was a pipe-maker said to me, I believe I had two gallons of your brandy; I asked him where he got it? he said, in a court by Nightingale-lane, in a common necessary. The prisoner was taken up, and he owned to me he had stole the brandy from me; then he was carried before the Bench of Justices, where he confessed the same; this was last monday or Tuesday: he there said he had a confederate with him: we had a warrant, and took him up; his name is 
               
                  William 
                  Robinson 
               



            : but it did not appear that he was concerned in it, and he was discharged.
Q. When the prisoner confessed to you, what were his words he made use of?
Vaugh. He said he got into the cellar about two o'clock in the morning, by pulling the flap up; and that he went into the other little cellar, where the other little casks lay, and took an empty one, and 
               
                  drew
               


             the brandy out of a pipe into it.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Vaugh. No, I did not. He is a chimney-sweeper
.


                  John 
                  Hulme 
               



            . On Friday morning, about half an hour after 4 o'clock, I got up to go to the work: (I am a pipe-maker.) I opened a little back yard door, where I live, in Nightingale-lane, and went into a common necessary; and I saw a kagg behind the door; it was about ten gallons. I carried the kagg into my house, and the prisoner, whom I had not then seen, followed me through the yard, and said, what have you got there? I said I could not tell, but I'll soon see. I took a gimlet, and bored down the bung, and took the bung up, and by what I could find, it was French brandy: he said it was his, and asked me to give it him: I asked him how he came by it? he said his master was mate of ship, at the Hermitage, to whom he belonged: I bid him go and fetch his master, and if he would give me any thing for finding it, he should have it again. He went down the lane, and came up again, and said he had been to his master; and his master said I might take the value of two gallons of the liquor, and give him the remainder.
Q. How far is it from the place where the kagg was found, and Wapping-stairs, where the protecutor's cellar is?
Hulme. It is about 400 yards. I heard the prisoner own before the justices that he stole it.
Bridge Maryot. I live in Greenwood-court, Nightingale-lane. I saw the prisoner standing at the gate; he asked me if I would buy any brandy? he said he was afraid he should lose it, and his master would be angry with him: he asked 4 s. 6 d. a gallon for it; I bid him 4 s. and if his master did not like that, he should have it again, for I did not want it. I paid him 20 s. and took the brandy: this was about 7 o'clock.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was out that Friday night late, drinking; I met with one 
               
                  William 
                  Robinson 
               



            , about 12; he went and got this brandy, and bid me sell it for the most I could.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
