





104. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Davis 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a metal watch in a shagreen case, value 40 s. four gold rings set with diamonds, value 4 l. two silver pepper-boxes, five silver tea-spoons, a pair of Bristol stone shoe-buckles, a pair of Bristol stone buttons, a silver watch, 10 yards of silk, 30 yards of linen cloth, a diamond stay-hook, four silver medals, and an enameled gold ring
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Ward 
                  




                
            , widow
, November 23
. ||


                  Hannah 
                  Ward 
               



            . I keep a clothes-shop
 in the Strand


, I buy and sell divers sorts of goods; I have known the prisoner between five and six-and-thirty months; on the 24th of November, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them:) I found several drawers open, and had reason to believe it was done by somebody that knew my house: I had bills dispersed about from Sir John Fielding's, to the pawnbrokers. On the 29th of December, I had word brought me of the stay-hook; I saw it on the 31st, at Mr. Humphreys's, in West-street, Seven-dials; I put on my spectacles in the dark, and knew it to be mine; he asked me if I knew a fresh-coloured girl, I think he said her name was 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Davis 
               



            ; I said, How did she get-into my house? I suppose she must conceal herself over night; she had lived with me, but had been gone away fifteen months; I had given her a character to a gentleman at Greenwich.


                  William 
                  Humphreys 
               



            . I live in West-street, Seven-dials; I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner brought this stay-hook to me, on the 29th of December last, and wanted to borrow five shillings upon it; I observing it to be of value, asked her if it was her own; she said it was, and it cost her fifteen shillings.
Q. What is the value of it?
Humphreys. It is worth 3 or 4 l. I took her before Justice Welch; there she swore a gentleman gave it her, and sent for a gentleman to give her a character; upon which character he let her go; I kept the stay-hook, and advertised it: on the Wednesday after Mrs. Ward came, and said she had lost one; I told her it was at Justice Welch's; I first shewed her one, to see what she would say; she said that was not her's: then I took her to Justice Welch's: she owned it as soon as it was produced. (Produced in court.)
H. Ward. This is my stay-hook, I gave 4 l. 7 s. for it, to a person at Berkhamstead.


                  Thomas 
                  Arthur 
               



            . I live with Mrs. Bibby, a pawnbroker, in Bedford-street, Bedford-row; on Monday, the 24th of November, the prisoner, by the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Thompson 
               



            , brought a silver watch and silver pepper-castor, upon which I lent her 1 l. 12 s. I asked her where she lived; she said in Baldwin's-gardens, and that they were her own; and, from the appearance she made, I had no cause to suspect her. (Produced and deposed to.)
Q. Had you no notices from Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             about them?
Arthur. No, we had not.
H. Ward. I took the prisoner in a coach; she brought me to every place where she had pawned them; I described them, and the pawnbrokers produced them.
Arthur. When the prosecutrix, constable, and prisoner came and asked for the things, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Thompson 
               



            , for thirty-two shillings, I ordered them to be brought down; then they told me they were stole; we went before Justice 
               
                  Welch
               


             that evening; there the prosecutrix told me the prisoner had, unknown to them, concealed herself in her house, and so took the things.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
