





352. (M.) 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Goadson 
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing forty seven pieces of silk ribbon, value 10 s. one pair of stuff pumps, value 2 s. three pair of leather pumps, value 1 s. fourteen pieces of silk lace, containing fifteen yards, value 8 s. one pair of silk gloves, value 2 s. and two pair of yarn stockings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Roworth 
                  




                
            , July 13
. +


                  William 
                  Roworth 
               



            . I keep a haberdasher's shop
 at Islington


; last Monday I came home about half an hour after twelve o'clock at noon, my wife met me, and said, we have found a thief, and said it was our maid
, the prisoner; she took me up stairs, and turned up the bed, and between the bed and sacking lay a great many pieces of ribbon, concealed in her clothes; I went down stairs, the prisoner was in the kitchen; my wife said, take care she does not get away backwards; I went out, and saw a bundle lying in the coal-shed; my wife went and brought them in; there were more ribbons and other things; there were about eight yards of blond lane, about seven yards of black lace, some gauze, a pair of callimanco pumps, three pair of leather pumps for children, two red Morocco and one black, a pair of silk gloves, and a pair of child's stockings.
Q. Where were the greatest quantity, in the coal-shed or under the bed?
Roworth. I believe the greatest quantity was under the bed; I charged the prisoner with taking them, and asked her if she had any body concerned with her; she said, no, but would not say any thing more.
Q. Does any body else live in your house?
Roworth. Yes, there is Mr. Stark, a hair-merchant in Bartholomew-close, has a lodging there, but neither he nor any of his family were in the house at that time. I took the prisoner before Justice Girdler; he asked her where she had the things; she made no answer a good while, but at last she said she bought the shoes in Coleman-street; two of the shoes have the maker's name on them that works for me, he lives in Newgate-street; as to the other things she could give no account at all.
Q. How long had she lived with you?
Roworth. She had lived with me two months that day; the pair of shoes that are not marked, I know well to be my property.


                  Mary 
                  Roworth 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; I missed a pair of silk shoes; I went up with intent to search the prisoner's clothes, and found several trifling things of mine not worth mentioning; in searching the bed I found between the bed and the sacking some ribbon, some lace and stockings, a good many of them were in the prisoner's pocket which lay there. When Mr. Roworth came home, I told him of it, and shewed him them. I said after that, she might get out backwards; he went to see, and came back, and said he had found a bundle in the coal-hole; I said to the prisoner, Kitty, you are a sad girl, what you have done will transport you; she made me no answer, nor owned to any thing. I had a good character with her, but I had given her warning above a month, and she was to have left me as last night; these things were found but last Monday. She had no box to lock any thing up in at my house
Q. What was the reason you gave her warning?
M. Roworth. I had a young child, and she did not like nursing.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
