






280. 281. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Honour 
                     Dempsey 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Walker 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l. one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 5 s. and one pair of silver sleeve buttons, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Ferdinand 
                     



                  , privately from his person
            , Sept. 23
.~.


                  Francis 
                  Ferdinand 
               



            . I am a Portuguese seaman. About five weeks ago, at about seven at night, I and two of my messmates were together in the back lane, Ragfair


. It rained hard. The two prisoners at the bar were standing by the side of the street. They called us to come in to the house. Dempsey is the mistress of the house. They said we should have a good fire to dry ourselves. We went in and sat down by the fire, and called for some beer to drink. They told me, I had better stay and sleep there all night. Walker went to bed along with me. At going to-bed she took my buckles and put them under the pillow, and my watch and sleeve buttons into a little paper bag over the head of the bed.
Q. Was this with your consent?
Ferdinand. It was. I took them out and delivered them to her to take care of them for me while I slept. I waked in the middle of the night, and found no girl, no watch, no buckles, no nothing at all. The door was shut and locked when I went to sleep; Dempsey locked it. I broke the door because it was locked. I made a noise, and Dempsey came with the key. I asked for the girl, and said I had lost my watch and things. After that, I went to sleep again, as I could get no candle. The mistress told me, she knew nothing of the girl.
Q. What became of your messmates?
Ferdinand. They went away after I was in bed. I never found my things since.
Q. from Walker. How came you to take another girl in your bed directly after I was gone?
Ferdinand. I did not know where to go.


                  John 
                  Crocket 
               



            . I was with the prosecutor when the two prisoners called us in. I cannot tell the day; I believe it is about five weeks ago. We went in, and sent for some beer. Walker told the prosecutor he had better stay in the house along with her all night. He went to-bed with her; I saw them in bed together. I saw her have his buckles, and put them under his pillow, and put the watch and buttons, which he took out of his sleeves, in a paper bag at the head of the bed. I shook hands with him after he was in bed, and bid him a good night, and went away. When I went away I left Dempsey sitting on the bed-side by them. The next morning I went to the same house to him, and found he had lost the things mentioned.
Q. Did you see the prisoner Walker?
Crocket. No; she was then in Newgate: she had a husband or a man that she kept there, and was gone to him.
Q. Did he give the watch and things to Walker, or how did she come by them?
Crocket. He delivered them to her, for her to take care of them for him.


                  Philip 
                  Rathbourn 
               



            . I am a constable. I had a warrant from Justice Berry to take up the prisoners for stealing the things mentioned to in the indictment. I went to Dempsey's house, and asked for Walker. Dempsey said she did not know. I carried Dempsey to Justice Berry; he ordered me to lock her up in the watch house: this was the Saturday, the day after this thing happened. Then I went after Walker; there came a man to me, and told me, she was gone to Newgate. I went and found her there: she swore a great oath, and said, I thought what it was for when the turnkey called me down. She asked where the man was. I then had only said I had a warrant against her; I had not said what it was for: after this, I said it was for taking a man's watch and buckles. I said, if you will tell where the things are you shall not be hurt. She said, if I would carry her to 
               
                  Honour 
                  Dempsey 
               



             she would tell me where the things were, for she was concerned in taking them, as well as she was. I carried her to Justice Berry: they both would not tell where the things were; so he committed one to New Prison, and the other to Newgate.
Dempsey's Defence.
I know nothing at all of the things: I brought a pot of beer to them, and left them both in bed together. I went and lay at one Allen's house, in the neighbourhood, that night.
For Dempsey.


                  Timothy 
                  Shave 
               



            . I live near Ragfair. I have known Dempsey about twelve months: she keeps a bit of a room ready furnished, which she hires. I never heard any thing bad of her character concerning thieving.


                  Mark 
                  Linser 
               



            . I have known Dempsey about nine months. I live near Wellclose-square. She has lived servant
 with me. I know nothing bad of the woman.
Q. How long did she live servant with you?
Linser. I cannot justly tell.
Q. Was it half a year?
Linser. No.
Q. Was it two months?
Linser. No.
Q. Was it six weeks?
Linser. No.
Q. Was it a week?
Linser. I cannot say: I know it was some days.
Q. Was it more than two days?
Linser. It was two or three days: during that time she behaved very well.
Walker's Defence.
I never saw these men till such time 
               
                  Honour 
                  Dempsey 
               



             came over for a pot of beer. She said to me, Sally, will you come and drink? I said, I will come over presently; who have you got at home? She said, there are three men. When I went in, the prosecutor had got a woman on his knee; he took hold of me, and said he would stay all night because it rained: he told me, if I would lie with him all night he would give me the buckles for a night's lodging; he put them in my shoes to see how they would look; I gave them him again. Then he said, he would give me a guinea, and another guinea in cloaths, and he would marry me. He delivered the watch into Dempsey's hand, and she put it in the bag over his head. He asked her to go for a pot of beer; she sat down by the fire, and smoaked a pipe; we were in bed. He whipt the candle out of her hand, and bid her go along. Then she went out; whether she locked the door I cannot say: I was a little in liquor, and soon fell fast asleep. When I awaked the fire was not out in the room, and I saw both the doors open. He lay fast asleep, and the watch was gone: he had said at going to bed, if any of the things were gone he would kill me. I ran down in order to find 
               
                  Honour 
                  Dempsey 
               



            ; I could not find her; I had left my stockings, pocket, and apron, on the bed; I went up; he was fast asleep; I jogg'd him, but could not awake him; then I went down, and to another house, where I slept all night. I had not seen the young man in Newgate for fifteen weeks, so I went to see him. The constable came and tapped me on the shoulder, and said he had a warrant for me. After that, he came to me in New Prison, and offered me a guinea in my hand to tell him where the things were: but I know no more of them than my lord and the gentlemen of the jury to this moment.
Dempsey 

               Acquitted
            .
Walker 


               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
