








41, 42, 43. (M) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Williams 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Bready 
                  



                
            , Spinsters
, were indicted for 


               stealing one bed quilt, val. 12 s. one bible, val. 10 s two cloth coats, val. 18 s. one pewter tea-pot, val. 6 d. one copper pot, val. 9 d. one camblet gown, val. 8 s. four linen sheets, val. 8 s. four linen shifts, val. 8 s. one diaper table cloth, val. 2 s. one linen table-cloth, val. 6 d. four pair of worsted stockings, val. 4 s. one pair of cotton stockings, val. 12 d. one linen shirt, val. 2 s. 6 d. three pounds weight of sugar, val. 9 d. one prayer-book, val. 12 d. one handkerchief made of silk and cotton, val. 15 d. one linen apron, val. 2 s. one linen handkerchief, val. 12 d. and one china mug, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Hannah 
                           Simpson 
                        



                      
                  , widow
, in the dwelling-house of the said Hannah
            ; and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Bennyworth 
                  



                
            , for 


               receiving part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Nov. 6


.~



                  Hannah 
                  Simpson 
               



             deposed she lived in Ratcliff Highway




: That, on the 6th of November, the lock of her room door was broke, and the things mentioned taken away; I had a suspicion of the evidence and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Williams 
               



            , I having shewn them the things but an hour before they were taken up for robbing Mr. Man. I went to Williams in New Prison; there she confessed to every thing of mine, and where they had sold and pawned them; that the quilt, bible, and my husband's coats, and pewter tea-pot, were sold to the prisoner Bennyworth, upon Clerkenwell Green, for 9 s. 6 d. where they were found.


                  Eliz 
                  Unwin 
               



             deposed, That she and Williams went to the prosecutrix's, to know of her if she had sold her husband's cloaths. She shewed them to them: That they persuaded her to go to Rosemary Lane, to sell a flannel waistcoat, it being a proper time to make the most of it to make jackets for seamen: That while she was gone, they broke her door open, and got in, and took the things away, and gave a very particular account where and for what sums they had sold and pawn'd the severalthings: That they sold the quilt, bible, pewter tea-pot, and a coat, to the prisoner Bennyworth, for 9 s. 6 d. and that Bready was not with them in the robbery, but she had part of the money.


                  Wil 
                  Man 
               



             deposed, He had a warrant from Justice Fielding to take up Unwin, Williams, and Bready. When before the justice Unwin was admitted evidence; that she mentioned seven or eight places where they had sold and pawn'd things; found by her information the quilt, old coat, bible, and teapot, at Bennyworth's; which she said, she and Williams had stole from the prosecutrix. [Produced and deposed to by prosecutrix.] She told the justice how they broke the door open, and what particular things they took away. When Unwin was with him at Bennyworth's, she said to her, How could you be so wicked to come with such lies to me? did not you say, You had an aunt or some relation that was leaving off the pawnbroking business, and that these were some of the goods which you had to dispose of for them? The girl did not contradict it at all.
Williams's Defence.
I never kept Unwin company. She is a very wicked girl. I have heard she was brought up to swear people's lives away.
She call'd 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Tolley 
               



            , who had known her from two years of age; 
               
                  John 
                  Braning 
               



            , who had known her seven years; 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Buckmaster 
               



            , and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Richardson 
               



            , six; Rose Macue, from an infant: Who gave her a good character.
Bennyworth's Defence.
I did not know the goods to have been stolen. I did not buy them; but said, I did not understand them, and if they would leave them I would get them valued, and pay her for them, if we could agree.


                  Mary 
                  Chance 
               



             and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Cook 
               



             deposed, That they were in Bennyworth's house when Unwin and Bready came to sell the things; and that when they were asked, if they were honestly came by, Unwin said, They were goods that an aunt of hers had taken in pawn, and had become her property; and her aunt got her to sell them for her, as she was going to leave off business.


                  William 
                  Allen 
               



            , who had known her five years; Mrs. Price, nine; Gerrard Houseman, eight; 
               
                  Robert 
                  Harper 
               



            , seven; Mr. Davis, four; Mrs. Gilbert, seven or eight; 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Johnson 
               



            , near twenty; 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Winpeny 
               



            , between six and seven; and Mr. Bowers, nine; all gave her a good character.
Williams 


               Guilty 39 s.
            

Bready and Bennyworth



               Acquitted
            .
(L) 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bready 
               



             was a second time indicted, son 


               that she, on the 1st of November


, about the hour of 10 in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Man 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing fifty handkerchiefs, val. 20 s. ten pair of stays, val. 20 s. five linen gowns, val. 10 s. one silk cloak, val. 3 s. one pair of shagg breeches, one pair of knit breeches, and one silk cloak, the property of the said William, in his dwelling-house.
            

Wil. Man deposed, He kept a pawnbroker's shop in Blueboar court, Rosemary-lane




; that his wife and he locked up the door on Sunday the 1st of November in the morning, and when they returned, at about a quarter before 11 at night, they found the door a-jar, and the things mentioned in the indictment, and other things, gone. He was told, That Unwin and the prisoner, and other girls, had been about there. That about eight or nine days after, one Rose Foy quarrelled with the prisoner and others of her consorts, and she was heard to say something concerning their having Mr. Man's things; that he took up Foy, and she made affidavit before Mr. Fielding, That some things of his were sold at Clerkenwell Green to Mrs. Bennyworth; and that Unwin, the prisoner, and Williams shared the money, and Foy had part of it; that the justice granted a warrant, and he took them all up; that Unwin was admitted evidence, who gave an account of this and many other robberies. She said, She sold 36 or 38 handkerchiefs, three linen gowns, and two pair of breeches of his to Bennyworth, and eight or ten handkerchiefs, and a silk gown, at a shop in Shoreditch, and some gowns and handkerchiefs in Field-lane; that he found some of his goods in Shoreditch, and some at Bennyworth's, the same she mentioned. [Produced in court, and deposed to.] And that the prisoner confessed to the taking the things, where they were sold, and how they divided the money. They both owned, That Unwin and Bready had for his goods 32 s. each; William 17 s. They confess'd, They had the key to open his door of Rose Foy, for which Foy had 12 s of the money.
Mrs. Man deposed to the locking her door after her husband and she went out, and the finding the shelves stript of the goods at their return.
Unwin deposed to that of the opening Mr. Man's door with a key procured by Rose Foy; that the prisoner and she carried the things away by lap-fulls to her mother's cellar, who lived near; and gave a particular account of the things, how and where they disposed of them.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing about the things. Unwin once mob'd me, and said she would be up with me. She bears a very wicked character.
She called Jos. Callahan, who had known her half a year; 
               
                  Owen 
                  Carty 
               



            , about six; and 
               
                  Jonah 
                  Kealing 
               



            , about seven; who said, They never heard any thing amiss of her.
Acquitted of the Burglary.




               Guilty 39 s.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


