





443. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Horne 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven dozen of iron chapes for buckles, value 2 s. six dozen iron tongues, and two iron hammers
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Whitehouse 
                  




                
            , September 9
. *


                  Benjamin 
                  Whitehouse 
               



            . I live in Wood's-Close, Clerkenwell


, and am a chape-forger
. On the 10th of this month, in the morning, I found my shop broke open, and that seven dozen chapes, six dozen tongues, and two hammers were stolen; they are chapes for buckles. I went immediately to the filers of the goods I forged, and to the ironmongers, to desire them if such things were offered for sale, to stop them. They told me at one place that the prisoner had been there, and offered the things for sale, and the man knew him very well: upon hearing this, I went to Hicks's Hall, and took out a warrant; when I came home, I heard the things had been stopped at an ironmonger's in Barbican, where I had been: I took an officer, and went to the place where he lived, which was in the same street I live in: he went very quietly to the ironmonger's, where he had offered them for sale: the ironmonger's man knew him to be the man that brought the things to him, which he swore before the justice; the prisoner denied it when at the ironmonger's; I can swear to the things, we know one another's work; besides, I can swear to the measure which they are in, which was stolen at the same time. (The tongues and chapes produced in court, and deposed to by Prosecutor).


                  Robert 
                  Pierce 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Hatton, ironmonger, in Barbican: these tongues and chapes were brought to my master's shop by the prisoner; I did not know him before, but I took particular notice of him, on account of Mr. Whitehouse's having been at our house.
Prisoner's Defence.
This last witness said, when they took me to the ironmonger's, he believed I was the man that brought the things: he said, if I was not the man, I was very much like him. The prosecutor came to me, and told me, I must go along with him: I had a very bad leg, and was just laid down: he said he had lost some chapes, and he had a suspicion I was the man that had stole them. I told him I was very willing to go along with him.
Q. to Pierce. Had you any doubt whether he was the man?
Pierce. I was quite certain of it all along, and so I am now.
For the Prisoner.


                  John 
                  Spittle 
               



            . I am a buckle-maker. The prisoner worked for me six weeks, or two months, until this affair happened; I did not know him before: he behaved very well, and brought his work duly every night; he had work of mine in hand when this affair happened.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
