






424, 425. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Walker 
                  



                
             was indicted, for 


               that he on the 11th of Nov

. about the hour of one in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Mason 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing three dozen of worsted hose, value 10 s. three pieces of silk for handkerchiefs, value 20 s. a pair of linen ruffles, value 4 d. a yard of gauze lace, value 6 d. and five guineas in money, the property of the said 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Mason 
                     



; and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Norman 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            . *


                  Robert 
                  Mason 
               



            . I live at Knightsbridge



. On the 11th of November my shop was broke in the night, and the goods laid in the indictment taken away. I never heard any thing of them till last Saturday, when Justice Fielding sent for me, I then mentioned the ruffles; he sent a person with 
               
                  Jane 
                  Langham 
               



             to search Norman's box, and there they found them.
Q. Was your house fast over night?
Mason. Every thing was, fast before I went to bed, which was about ten o'clock (the ruffles produced and deposed to by Mrs. Mason.)


                  Jane 
                  Langham 
               



            . I have known Walker twelve months, he is a bricklayer
 by trade, I used to visit him and his wife; I saw those ruffles in a bandbox in his room seven months ago, and I heard Walker acknowledge he got them at Knightsbridge, and that at the same time he got eight guineas and odd money.


                  John 
                  Heley 
               



            . I took up the prisoner Walker, and after that, by virtue of a search-warrant, I found these ruffles and gauze in Norman's room.
Walker's defence.
I bought the ruffles in Rag-fair, of a man that goes about the streets, a Scotchman.
Norman's defence.
The first time I saw 
               
                  Jane 
                  Langham 
               



             in my room, she robbed me, and after that she pawned things in my name; I get my bread at the wash-tub.
To Walker's character.


                  Joseph 
                  Barnicote 
               



            . I am a master bricklayer, and live in Essex-street in the Strand; I have known Walker two years, he is a labouring man, and honest as far as ever I heard.


                  Thomas 
                  Hudson 
               



            . I am in the coal-trade, and live in Shire-lane; I have known him twelve years, his character is very good; I had him as a servant four years, and he did his duty as a soldier all the time.
Q. Is the woman at the bar his wife?
Hudson. I do not know that she is.


                  Andrew 
                  Pennington 
               



            . I am a victualler at the corner of Wych-street, behind St. Clement's church; I have known him twelve or thirteen years, I never heard any thing bad of him in my life; he is an industrious hard working man; I have known Norman four or five years, she went for his wife, I look upon her to be as honest a woman as any in the world.


                  James 
                  Cane 
               



            . I am a taylor, and live in St. Clement's parish; I have known him two years, he is a very honest fellow; I knew the woman before I knew him, she is an honest woman.
Serjeant 
               
                  James 
                  Woolridge 
               



            . I have known him eleven years and upwards; he belongs to the Coldstream regiment; he has behaved well as a soldier, he always obeyed his orders and came clean.

To Norman's character.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Barnicote 
               



            . I have known Norman four years; she lives in Milford-lane, she has a very good character.
Walker 


               guilty of stealing, 10 d.
            





               T
            . Norman 

               Acquitted
            .
