





444 (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lormont 
                  



               
             was indicted, 


               together with 
                     
                        William 
                        Goldsbury 
                     



                  , not taken, for breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Tisdale 
                        



                      
                  , on the 20th of August
, about the hour of two in the night, and stealing two silk handkerchiefs, value 12 d forty-six shirts, value 23 l. three linen shifts, value 30 s. one linen gown, value 2 s. three linen waistcoats, three pair of worsted stockings, six pair of shift-sleeves, and one steel tobacco-box, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Tisdale 
                        



                      
                  , spinster
, in the dwelling house of the said George
            . *


                  Mary 
                  Tisdale 
               



            . I am daughter to 
               
                  George 
                  Tisdale 
               



            , and live in his house in Milford-lane


, he keeps a cook's-shop
; when we went to bed on the 20th of August, all the doors and windows were fast, and in the morning we found a window broke in the back part of the house; it was belonging to the room where the linen was; the linen and things mentioned in the indictment were taken away; I had them to wash for several gentlemen.
Q. Did you ever meet with any of them again?
M. Tisdale. They were found at Duck-lane, Westminster, by Justice Manley; we heard of their being found the next morning. The two back doors and window were left open in the morning.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
M. Tisdale. I have seen him at my shop.


                  James 
                  Brown 
               



            . Justice Manley called upon me, and said he had information of some linen that was stolen, and desired me to go with him; there we found shirts, stockings, aprons, and several things, at the lodgings of a soldier, named 
               
                  William 
                  Goldsbury 
               



            , in Duck-lane.
Q. Was you before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             when the prisoner was there?
Brown. I was; there he said the bundle was given him by a woman near Somerset-house to carry as a porter.


                  John 
                  Pugh 
               



            . I am a watchman in Dartmouth-street; I saw the prisoner coming with a basket full of linen, on Thursday the 21st of August, between one and two in the morning; he had a handkerchief in his hand, I believe it was this (producing a silk handkerchief.)
M. Tisdale. This is my handkerchief; this was missing with the rest of the things.
Pugh. When the prisoner came up to me, he said, good-morrow to you, watchman; do you know such a place as Stretton-ground, Westminster; I said, very well; said he, do you know Justice Manley; I said, very well, he said he should be much obliged to me if I would direct him his way, for that linen he had got belonged to him, and the laundress was in trouble, and she employed him to carry the linen home. I said, you are heavy loaded; I said, it is a strange thing, as you are a soldier, you do not know Westminster better; said he, I am a young soldier, and affected a country dialct; I had a suspicion of him, but thought I could not secure both him and the goods, so I directed him by the Broadway, and I went the other, intending to get another watchman to assist me: I hastened down Dartmouth-street, and asked a watchman, named Gregory, if he saw such a man go by; he said he did, and he asked the way to Stretton-ground; I said, let us go as far as Justice Manley's; he could not go, so I went by myself, but the prisoner was housed before I got there. I came back, and in an hour's time who should come by but the prisoner; he said, a good-morrow to you, watchman, I found it out very well; did you see Justice Manley, said I; no, said he, I did not, but I took a little watchman to go along with me that was at the chapel; I knew that to be a lye, for that watchman went part of the way in pursuit of him; then I was determined to take him; I said I would take a walk along with him to my brother watchman's stand, and get a bit of tobacco, for it was cold; he said he would give me part of a pint of beer if any house was open; I said I know a house open, meaning the watch-house; we went on, and just by my comrade's watch-box I seized him, and said, you are my prisoner; he went directly on his knees, and said, pray let me go; the other watchman took hold of him, and we carried him to the watch-house; then he said, here is a shilling for you to let me go, that will do you more service than to take me up, and forced it into my hand; I said I should keep him; then he said he would have his shilling again; I said so he should, but I should make use of it as evidence against him first; he made two struggles to get from us; they did not care to take charge of him at the watch-house, because I did not bring the goods as well as the prisoner; I said, there is a handkerchief in his pocket; he took it out and threw it on the table, and confessed the things were stolen, but said they were not stolen by him, but by another person; the next morning he was carried before a magistrate, and committed to the Gatehouse.


                  Jane 
                  Langham 
               



            . On the 21st of August I lodged at Mr. Waters's in Westminster; Goldsbury's wife asked me to go and pawn some of the things for half a guinea; she said they belonged to a gentleman that she washed for; I carried some, and when I came back again, she and her husband were run away. I had seen the things in their lodgings that morning, but did not know how they came by them.
Martha Barker. I lodge in Duck-lane, at the house of Mr. Medley a house-broker, the same house that Goldsbury lodged in; I heard a man call Goldsbury, in the morning on the end of last month, and Mrs. Goldsbury said, I am coming.
Q. What time was this?
M. Barker. I believe it was between twelve and one; she went down and let the man in, and they both went up stairs together, he was above about ten minutes; then he went down and went out; I did not see the man, I was in bed.


                  Thomas 
                  Moloye 
               



            . I am a watchman; I assisted Mr. Pugh in taking the prisoner; all that Pugh has said is every word of it true; the prisoner offered us a shilling to let him get away, and down on his knees, and held up his hands, and begged to be let go.
Q. Whereabouts is Duck-lane?
Moloye. That is next to Stretton-ground.
Prisoner's defence.
On the Wednesday night I was drinking at the Black-horse between twelve and one; coming by Somerset-house, I met Goldsbury and another accomplice, they were pretty much in a fluster; he said to me, where are you going: I said, home to bed; said he, I will give you a shilling if you will take these things up to my house; said I, how did you come by them; said he, they are things my wife had to do something to; they were covered over: I took them up, with a handkerchief full of things, and carried them to his house; he was at home before me; I asked for a shirt of my washerwoman; she let me have one of her own, and bid me wear it till I came again; I never was in such a hobble in my life.




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
