





164. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Coen 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a gold watch, value 15 l. one cornelian seal set in gold, and one pinchbeck metal chain, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Bishop 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , February 16
. +


                  Francis 
                  Bishop 
               



            . I am an officer in the navy
. On Thursday was sennight I was coming from the court end of the town, in company with Mr. Miller; coming down Fleet-street, as far as Chancery-lane, I saw the prisoner, and another man, standing near a hackney coach; I took him to be the coachman; I had occasion to go back to speak to a gentleman at the Antigallican, near Temple-bar; I went and found the door was shut; we immediately returned towards Chancery-lane


 end; there I saw the two men I had seen before, and a bad woman I presume near them; it was then about half an hour after eleven; whether she belonged to them or not I do not know, but the circumstances I believe will prove she did; I kept on my way as far as Chancery-lane end, the men were within two or three yards of it; I saw a decent drest man speaking to the woman; I spoke to him as a friend, and said, Sir, I would not advise you to stay with this woman, I apprehend there are some bad people about; if you don't know where to go, I'll go and show you; he was much in liquor, but, by his appearance, I took him to be a gentleman; I advised him to come with me, or he would get his pocket picked, or some other hurt happen before the night was over; upon that the fellow, the companion of the prisoner, said, Very likely the woman may be as honest a woman as you are a man. That man and the prisoner resembled; they might be brothers, I never saw them before: I said I was not going to dispute with him about it; upon that, Mr. Miller, who was on the other side the kennel, said, Come away, don't be talking to them fellows; the prisoner was standing close to me; he saw the chain of my watch, clapped his hand upon it, and took my watch out of my pocket; I saw it in his hand, and strove to catch it: I called to Mr. Miller, and said, I had lost a very valuable gold watch; we pursued, and the prisoner was never out of my sight till he was taken; I refused fifteen 36 s. pieces for that watch the last time I was in France; there was a cornelian seal to it set in gold. I never saw a man, or any thing that could run equal to the prisoner, except a dog or a horse; he had not been catched, only some people hearing the call, Stop thief, seized him by mere chance: After he was taken, the other man that we saw talking with him came up, and said, Do you think that man has got the watch? I'll go and talk to him; he went quite close to him and jostled with him; and I make no doubt but that man got the watch; he came pretending to vindicate his character.
Q. Was this before he was searched?
Bishop. It was; there was nothing found upon the prisoner but four or five pocket-handkerchiefs of different sorts.
Q. from Prisoner. Whether you did not charge another person with stealing your watch before you charged me?
Bishop. I charged the other man as an accomplice, and also a third person; I was willing to charge them all: But as I knew the prisoner was the man that took my watch, I let them go.
Q. from Prisoner. Did not you come to me in prison, and-say, if I would give you your watch you would not prosecute me.
Bishop. I said to the prisoner he had better confess he had my watch, for I was certain he was the man that took it. I have no other view in this but public justice; I never expect to see my watch again.
Q. Was you sober?
Bishop. I was as sober as I am this moment.


                  Thomas 
                  Miller 
               



            . I was in company with Mr. Bishop on Thursday sennight all the evening. I saw the two men standing together by a hackneycoach; the prisoner was one of them: When we first came there, Mr. Bishop said he should speak to a person at the Antigallican; we went, but the door being shut, we returned down the street again; upon our second coming there, the same two men were standing as we saw them before; there was a very decent drest gentleman along with a woman; he seemed very much in liquor; I imagined the woman to be a woman of the town. Mr. Bishop seeing the gentleman in liquor, desired him as a friend to go home to his lodgings; there were several people about he did not like their aspects; he said he would assist him to his lodgings if he pleased; the woman immediately said, she imagined we were two sharpers, or pickpockets, that intended to take the gentleman from her and rob him; passing along, one of the two men, not the prisoner, said to Mr. Bishop, that the woman might be as honest as he, or e'er a one of us, and wanted to quarrel, and kept shuffling backwards and forwards within a couple of yards of us; I stept on about six or eight paces before him; the first thing I heard was, Mr. Bishop calling me to stop, he had lost his gold watch; upon which I stopt short, and saw a man run across the street, who I immediately pursued; (that was the prisoner) he ran very fast; I called out, Stop thief; he ran a considerable way before he was stopt; I was not twice the breadth of this court-room from him all the time.
Q. Which way did he run?
Miller. He ran towards St. Paul's. I am a stranger in the town. There were other people pursuing; as I kept calling he was brought back to the watch-house, and was there a considerable time before he was searched; there was a number of people came in. I did not observe the other man in particular near him; there were six or eight people about him.
Q. What did he say for himself?
Miller. He said, at Guildhall, he ran away because he thought Mr. Bisho p was going to beat his competitor. Mr. Bishop was positive to him as soon as he saw him in the watch-house.


                  William 
                  Rust 
               



            . I am a journeyman hatter. Coming along Fleet-street, seeing a man run, I ran and catched him by the skirt of his coat: He was carried to the watch-house, and charged with taking a gold watch from the prosecutor. I saw the handkerchiefs taken from him.
Q. Did he give you any reason for his running?
Rust. No, he did not.


                  Jacob 
                  Kemp 
               



            . I was coming along Fleet-street with my shop-mate, the last witness; I heard the cry, Stop thief; we ran and took hold of the prisoner, who was then running, and two or three more after him. He was taken to the watchhouse. The prosecutor came and said he had robbed him of a gold watch.
Q. Were any body running before the prisoner?
Kemp. No, he ran before them all.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming along; this gentleman begun quarrelling with a man; I came there; says one of them, Are you the man that belongs to this man, you scoundrel? I was afraid he was going to strike me, and I can't fight, so I ran away; running along, these two men stopt me: The gentleman had hold of another young man, and he let him run away. I am a Dutch Jew.
Q. to Mr. Miller. Did you make use of such words to the prisoner as he has mentioned?
Miller. No, I did not.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
