





365. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gray 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing an iron firmer, value 2 d. an iron gouge, value 2 d. ten planes, value 3 s. one saw value 18 d. one wooden square, value 2 d. and one iron rasp, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Elliot 
                        



                      
                  ; one pair of leather shoes, value 6 d. and one hempen bag, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Gasney 
                        



                      
                  ; two saws, value 1 s. and one ax, value 1 d. two firmers, value 6 d. three gouges, value 6 d. one awl, value 1 d. and five planes, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Redgrave 
                        



                      
                  ; two planes, value 2 s. one screw-driver, and three chissels
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Richardson 
                  



                
            , June 9
. *


                  William 
                  Elliot 
               



            . I am a carpenter
, the tools mentioned in the indictment were taken out of a house where we were at work, in Edward-street


, on Whitsun Tuesday at night.


                  Samuel 
                  Oliver 
               



            . I am a watchman, I stopt the prisoner as I was calling the hour eleven, on Whitsun Tuesday at night; I first saw him in Titchfield-street; I went and took him when he got into Wells's-street, he had the things with him; I asked him what he had there, he said he had got his tools; he wanted to drive on, I laid hold of his shoulder, and said, I must see what you have got; he threw them down, and endeavoured to make his escape; he ran off, then I rung my rattle and ran after him towards Oxford-road, and called stop that fellow; he was stopt by a gentleman, then I brought him to the bag, and brought him and the tools to the watch house; going along I said, you certainly got these tools out of some new building, I shall find it out to-morrow; he said he got them out of a new building by the Coach and Horses; I found the place, he had told me right, just by Lord Foley's house (the tools produced in court, and deposed to by their respective owners.)


                  John 
                  Cordey 
               



            . On Whitsun Tuesday in the evening, about a quarter after eleven, I heard the cry stop thief at a distance; I waited at the corner, presently the prisoner came running very hard, I catched him, the watchman came and took him in charge.

Prisoner's defence.
I found the tools in a bag, near Lord Foley's house.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
