





192. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Taylor 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 36 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Robinson 
                  




               
            , Jan. 15
. ||



                  Joseph 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I live in Leather-lane


, and am a taylor
. On the 15th of January the prisoner came into the room of the house where I lodge, about two or three in the afternoon; I thought he came to pay me for work I had done for him; he sat down in a chair by my bed-side, where my watch hung; he staid till between five and six; he said he had three halfpence, and desired me to be two-pence for a pot of beer; after that he wanted a dram of gin; then I went to go down, he said I need not, for he would take it at the bar; after that I said, I must go up and lock my door; he said he would; he went up and took my watch, and locked the door and came down.
Q. How do you know he took your watch?
Robinson. Because he owned it; I went directly up stairs after he was gone, and missed it; I went to Justice Girdler and got a warrant; after that I heard he was in New Prison; he was taken before the bench of Justices, there he owned it; he said he had pawned it at the end of Featherstone-buildings for a guinea and a half.
Prisoner. I always owned to it, and told them where it was pawned for a guinea and a half.


                  Joseph 
                  Packer 
               



            . I am servant to a pawnbroker in Featherstone-buildings; I believe the prisoner is the man that I took this watch in of; (produced, and deposed to;) I lent him a guinea and a half on it.


                  John 
                  Potter 
               



            . I heard the prisoner own he stole the watch.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him.
