





67. (L.) 
               
                  Morea 
                  Abrahams 
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving two silver pint mugs, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Abedward 
                        




                      
                  , well knowing them to have been stolen
            , by 
               
                  John
                   M'Kenzie
               



            , July 17
, who was tried and convicted for the same, in September Sessions last. ++
See No 488. in the last mayoralty.
The record of the conviction of 
               
                  John
               


             M'Kenzie read in court.


                  William 
                  Abedward 
               



            . I was obliged to put off this trial last sessions, on account of Israel Cowen, jun. who was to have been a witness on this trial, being ill; since then he is recovered, and is now, by some means or other, out of the way again, and I cannot find him.


                  Jeremiah 
                  Ryan 
               



            . The night after M'Kenzie and I stole these mugs, we went up to Duke's Place, and met Israel Cowen: we asked him if he would buy any silver, he said he had just left a man that would, and that he would go and look for him, and bid us stay; he brought a little man, and the little man went and fetch'd Morea Abrahams, the prisoner at the bar to us in the Minories. I stood about six or seven yards off, while M'Kenzie talked with him. I could hear what they said. I had one mug in my coat pocket, the other in my bosom. He said he would give him two guineas for them unsight, unseen. M'Kenzie said, before he would take two guineas for them he would throw them into the Thames. Morea Abrahams said, if you will go up into the fields, and let's look at them, may be I will give you more, it is according as I like them. We went into an alehouse in an alley, and had a pint of beer; there the little man came to us. Abrahams walked on the other side the way. When we came out of the house, we crossed an alley and came into Prescot-street, and Israel Cowen along with us. Abrahams went on a little before. When we got to the top of Prescot-street, I saw Murray the thief-taker. I said to M'Kenzie, here is Murray; he said, push it down the street; so we ran, and he took M'Kenzie. I went up to the Mulberry Gardens, thinking he would come to me. When I had staid about an hour, 
               
                  Israel 
                  Cowen 
               



             came to me, and said M'Kenzie was taken; he said, he thought the mugs were worth more than two guineas, so he took me round a back way into Duke's Place again, and then he got the little man, and he went up stairs in the little man's house, and talked Dutch. I could not tell what they said. Then I went for Morea Abrahams, and they went up stairs in a chandler's shop that is in an alley, and bargained for the money. Israel Cowen brought me two half guineas and a guinea, and said he had but two shillings for his trouble; afterwards he said he had got half a guinea.
Q. Where was you at the time the bargain was made?
Ryan. I went to the end of the alley.


                  Israel 
                  Cowen 
               



             the elder. I am a Jew butcher. When I came home on Thursday night, the 18th of July, I was informed my son was taken up, and in goal. I did not trouble myself about it that night, but went the next morning to the poultry compter, and asked after my son; instead of my son, Morea Abrahams came down. I asked him after my son; he said, he knew nothing of him. I said, I hear there is something between you and my son about the mugs; I said, what is become of them; he said, there is no brooms in England can sweep the mugs together again, and if you can keep a secret, I will trust you with one. Give me your hand, so I gave him my hand, with intention to speak the truth, if it should be of any consequence. He said he had the mugs, that he gave two guineas for them, and my son half a guinea for brokerage. As I had my foot on the threshold of the door going away, he said, come hither Cowen, you can do me a kindness, if you will go to New-Prison, there you will find your son, tell him not to speak against me, and I will maintain him all the while he is in prison. I said, I will not trouble my head with it at all. I went to New-Prison to my son.
Q. Were the mugs you asked him about they that were stolen from Mr. Abedward?
Cowen. I heard there were some mugs stole, but did not know from whom.
Q. to Ryan. What day were the mugs stole?
Cowen. I believe it was on a Wednesday night.

Abedward. The mugs were stole on Wednesday evening, the 17th of July.
Cross examination.
Q. What are you?
Cowen. I am a Jew butcher.
Q. Who did you inquire of when you went to the compter?
Cowen. I inquired of the turnkey for a young man in a blue suit of cloaths in the place; and instead of my son, Morea Abrahams came down. There was nobody in the kitchen but he and I.
Q. Have you had any quarrel with Abrahams?
Cowen. No, never.
Q. Where do you live?
Cowen. I have lived 25 years in three rooms in Stony-lane.
Prisoner's defence.
I don't know Cowen, and I never saw Ryan in my life.
Cowen. Don't you know me? You and I are first cousins: it is strange you don't know me.
Prisoner. I am a grocer and tobacconist
.
To his character.


                  Nicholas 
                  Row 
               



            . I live in Duke-street, St. James's. I keep a grocer's and cheesemonger's shop. I have known the prisoner six years. He sells tobacco, snuff, sugar, and tea. I have bought a great quantity of him. I always found him to be a just honest man in his dealings.
Q. Is he a housekeeper?
Row. I can't tell that.


                  Peter 
                  Bourn 
               



            . I live in a street near Covent Garden. I am a grocer. I know the prisoner very well. I have dealt with him 8 years. He always behaved honest and honourable in his dealings.


                  Henry 
                  Jacobs 
               



            . I live in Duke's Place: I am in the jewellery way: I have known the prisoner 15 or 16 years; he always bore a very honest character; he lived hard by me 12 months, about 12 years ago: after that I took him in a partner; he behaved very honest and just.


                  Samuel 
                  Davies 
               



            . I keep a silversmith's shop in the Minories. I have been very well acquainted with the prisoner a dozen years: he always behaved exceeding well, and bore a good character. I have trusted him at times, and he paid me very honestly, and behaved very genteel in all the dealings I ever had with him.
Lion Levi. I am a merchant. I ship goods for Hamburgh and Denmark. I have known the prisoner above 12 years: I never heard any harm of him in my life; he has borrowed money of me, 20 or 30 l. at a time, and paid me honestly.


                  William
               


             M'Carey. I live in the old paved alley, St. James's, and keep a chandler's shop, facing St. James's gate. I have known the prisoner about three years; I know him to be an honest man for all the dealings I have ever had with him.


                  Simon 
                  Davis 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about 12 years; I never heard any harm of him.
They were all asked separately whether they knew Israel Cowen, and most of them answered, they did. Upon being asked what was his character, whether good or bad, not one denied but that he had a good character.



               Guilty
            , 


               T. 14
            .
