





361. (M.) 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     FINDAL 
                  , otherwise 
Norman




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a two-handled silver cup, value 20 s. a silver pepper box, value 5 s. a silver cream jug, value 10 s. three silver table spoons, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Gee 
                  




                
            , May 25
. +


                  Benjamin 
                  Gee 
               



            . I am a baker
. I know nothing of the robbery. On the 25th of May, about a quarter after six in the morning, I was alarmed by a number of people at my door. I jumped out of bed, but before I had got my things on, my servant came up and told me somebody had stole a cup. I went down as soon as I could: there I found the prisoner in custody of some of my neighbours servants. There were the different articles as laid in the indictment upon the counter. They told me there was the prisoner, and the things that he had stole. (Produced in court and deposed to.) I sent for a constable, and he was committed.


                  Ann 
                  Newton 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I happened to get up that morning: as I opened the door I heard the spoons gingle, and saw the prisoner stepping out of the parlour into the shop. He ran out, and I after him as soon as I could, and called, Stop thief! He was taken by Mr. Hatton, a butcher, that lives near us. I saw him throw down the things at the bottom of the court (mentioning them); they were taken up by some man and delivered to me. The prisoner was taken in about ten minutes.


                  Philip 
                  Hatton 
               



            . I saw the prisoner throw some things out of his hand, which appeared to be silver. I followed him, and never lost sight of him till I took him in about two hundred yards. I brought him to Mr. Gee's house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a leather clog maker. I had been in Windmill-street to buy some leather, and as I was coming along I saw a mob running, who called Stop thief! and they accused me with the affair, sir.
He called John Lake, 
               
                  Matthias 
                  Gray 
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Mitchel 
               



            , 
               
                  Jane 
                  Wine 
               



            , and - Robinson, who said they looked upon him to be an honest man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
