





169. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Head 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing half a guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Irwin 
                  




                
            , April 16
.~


                  Francis 
                  Irwin 
               



            . The prisoner was my journeyman
. I had some suspicion of his dishonesty; and, to try whether my suspicion was justly grounded, I delivered four half-guineas, two to Mr. Nightingale, one to Mr. Higgins, and another to another person, for them to send to my shop for goods. They were marked. I went out about 7 in the morning, and returned about 3. This was on the 16th of April. Then I went to the drawer, and found but three half guineas, and about half a guinea in silver. Knowing they had been all sent, I went to Mr. Welch to know what I must do. He granted me a warrant. I took a constable with me, and called in at Mr. Higgins's. We went home together. I called the prisoner out of the shop into the back shop, and asked him how many half guineas he had taken while I was out? he said, he could not tell. He had put the three in a paper in the till. I said, here is but three in the paper, and I know of four coming. I bid him search his pockets and see, may be you by mistake may have put it in your pocket. He said he had no money in his pocket. I said I insisted upon searching of him. The constable then searched, and took out of his pocket two half guineas and two shillings. One of the half guineas I knew directly. [ Produced in court.] Here is my mark upon it very plain.
Q. What sort of a mark was it.
Irwin. It was a scratch with an awl under the head. I marked it in the presence of Mr. Higgins, and desired he would send it to my shop for some goods. The prisoner stood it out some time, and at last acknowledged they were both my half guineas.
Q. What shop do you keep?
Irwin. I keep a grocer's shop, and live in Norris's-street, St. James's market.


                  Paul 
                  Higgins 
               



            . Mr. Irwin came to my shop, and told me he had some reason to suspect his servant, the prisoner at the bar, in point of honesty. He took half a guinea out of his pocket, and marked it, and delivered it to me, and desired I would send it to his shop for some goods. I sent it for some sugar, coffee, and other things, which amounted to 10 s. 3 d. After that Mr. Irwin came again, and I went with him. He took the prisoner backwards, and examined him with a good deal of candour and lenity, and desired to know if he had taken any more than he had found in the till. The prisoner said, no, he had not. - Are you sure of it? - He was. - Have you none in your pocket? - No. - Search. - I am sure I have no more. - If you will not search the constable must. Then the prisoner took out two half guineas from his pocket, and laid them down on the table. Mr. Irwin took them up, and shewed one to me, and said, Do you know this half-guinea? I said, Yes, I do; this is the half guinea that you marked, and gave to me to send to your shop. The prisoner was taken before justice Welch, there he confessed it was his master's money.
Q. Who did you deliver the half guinea to, to be carried to the prosecutor's shop?
Higgins. To an ale-house-boy next door to me. His name is Joseph; I don't know his other name.
Q. Is he here?
Higgins. No, he is not. I had the tea and things, to the value of 10 s. 3 d. and the change; and this I know to be the half guinea I sent.
The constable confirmed the former testimony; that of finding the money, and the prisoner's confession.
Prisoner's defence.
I own I inadvertently took the half guinea laid to my charge. I served my master an apprenticeship duly and truly. When I did this fact I had upwards of 12 l. due to me, and when I received that I did intend to account for it. I humbly implore mercy.
For the prisoner.


                  Thomas 
                  Shield 
               



            . I have known the prisoner above 17 years.
Q. What is his general character?
Shield. It has been very good.
Q. How old is he?
Shield. I can't tell that.


                  Luke 
                  Jones 
               



            . I have known him about 9 or 10 years.
Q. How has he behaved?
Jones. Ever since I have known him he has had a very good character, and been well respected.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


