





115. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Floid 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one quilt, a pair of sheets, a pillow case
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Cook 
                  




                
            , Leadenhall street, Feb. 24
.


                  Richard 
                  Cook 
               



            . I keep the King's Arms in Leaden Hall street




, and the prisoner has been frequently at my house, and has laid there sometimes; and the room has been robb'd two or three times lately, which made us more suspicious, and yesterday the chamberlain goes up, and he sees the quilt tied up in a handkerchief, and he went up stairs to call persons as witnesses or assistants, and in the mean time the woman went into the yard, and he called out to stop her; and a waggoner stopp'd her, and she was had back to the room where she had been.


                  Thomas 
                  Turrel 
               



            , chamberlain. Last Saturday was three weeks a quilt was stole off the bed, and a week ago a sheet was likewise stole out of it; and last night I went into the room, thinking I heard somebody, and I saw a bundle, and there was a quilt and a pillow case taken and tied up. I went to call somebody. In the mean time the prisoner went downstairs, and I called to somebody in the yard to stop her; she was had back to the room, and a woman happened to be in the yard, saw something hanging down like a sheet, a little below her clothes. So she took hold of it, and said, Here are the sheets wrapped round her, and they were my master's.
Q. How do you know that they were your master's sheets?
Turrell. By a mark of coloured thread, by which they are well known to me. Then we sent for a constable, who took her before my lord mayor, and she was committed.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have lodged there several times, and never wronged them of any thing in my life.
Q. Have you any witnesses to call?
Prisoner. No.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


