






20, 21. (L.) 
               
                  Anne 
                  Myers 
               



              and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Goodwin 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a copper tea-kettle, and a copper pint mug, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Lockhead 
                  




                
            , Dec. 2
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Lockhead 
               



            . I keep the White-Hart
, a public-house opposite Surry-street in the Strand


. Myers was at my house last Wednesday between twelve and one, and she came again in the evening; about nine at night a messenger came from the Horseshoe and Magpie at the farther end of Cheapside, to let me know a woman was stopped there with a pint pewter pot which had my name upon it, and a tea-kettle; I went there and saw the kettle and pot, which I know to be my property; the other prisoner was with her, I gave charge of them.
Q. Was Goodwin at your house that day?
Lockhead. I don't remember that she was.


                  John 
                  Debote 
               



            . I saw the two prisoners at the Horseshoe and Magpie, there was a man with them; they had two pints of purl; one of the prisoners fell down, and drawed down a pint pot with her; the boy of the house said, what are you going to take my master's pots away; no, said she, it is my own; there was a quart pot, the property of Mrs. Dun in the Strand, or that way; she had also a pint pot and a tea-kettle, the property of Mr. Lockhead.


                  William 
                  Long 
               



            . I was at the Horseshoe and Magpie that evening; there were the two prisoners and a man; as they were going out a pint dropped from Goodwin; the boy would have taken it from her; she said it was none of his; I read the name round it, which was 
               
                  Robert 
                  Lockhead 
               



             in the Strand; I said I knew the man very well; then I stooped down, and seeing something bulge out, I said, Madam, you have something else here; then I took out a tea-kettle, it was wrapped up in the tail of her gown, and she had hold of it by the handle.
Myers's defence.
I light of a young man, an acquaintance of my husband's; he took me into a public-house to drink; he took a mug from under his coat, and said, as I was in want of money to pay my rent, he gave me that and a tea-kettle.
Goodwin's defence.
Myers said she was going to have the kettle mended; I said, then give it me, she did; that is all I know of the matter.
Myers 


               Guilty, 10 d.
            



               T
            .
Goodwin 

               acquitted
            .
