





414. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Craydon 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 50 s. a silk handkerchief, value 4 s. and 3 s. in money numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Robinson 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hewson 
                     



, Sept. 1
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I am a weaver
; my room is up three pair of stairs, in the house of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hewson 
               



             in Shoreditch


; I had not fastened my room door, but went to bed, and hung my watch up upon a nail; when I awaked in the morning, on the first of this instant September, I saw a woman in a green gown in my room, taking my watch; I said, who is that; she ran down stairs, and I after her; when I got to the door, I looked each way, but could see no body; I went up again, and found my watch and silk handkerchief were gone, and 3 s. taken out of my breeches-pocket; she must have come in by some of the people in the house leaving the street-door open; I lay alone, and had no body in the room but myself.


                  Sarah 
                  Smith 
               



            . The prisoner lodged in my house in Golden lane; upon a quarrel between her and others, I was told she had got a silver watch; I went to her, and took it out of her bosom; my husband sent for a constable; when he came, the prisoner had laid the watch and a silk handkerchief she had on, down on the floor.
Q. How was she dressed?
S. Smith. In a green gown.


                  Stephen 
                  Clessold 
               



            . I am a constable; I was sent for; I found the watch lying on the floor, and the handkerchief by it, (produced and deposed to by prosecutor.) I took the prisoner before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; there she said she found the watch in Moorfields, in the handkerchief; Sir John advertised the watch, and the prosecutor owned it.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going to Spitalfields market, to buy potatoes, to sell about the street, and I picked up the watch and handkerchief between five and six o'clock.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


