





58. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Mitton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of linen sheets, value 2 s. and one linen table-cloth, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Watson 
                        




                      
                  , in a certain lodging-room, let by contract
            , &c. Nov. 29
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Watson 
               



            . I live in Swallow-street


; I let a lodging to the prisoner at the bar five months ago, at 20 d. a week, only one room ready furnished; she left it on the 29th of November, and left no goods in it that she could take away.
Q. Did she pay you any rent?
E. Watson. No, she did not; I took her up on the 30th, and before the Justice she confessed she had taken my things, and that they were at two pawnbrokers, Mr. James's, and Mr. Gunston's.


                  Thomas 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I heard the prisoner confess before the Justice, she took away the goods mentioned in the indictment.


                  John 
                  Conyers 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Gunston; I took in a pair of sheets of the prisoner at the bar, on the 20th of October.


                  William 
                  James 
               



            . I took in of the prisoner at the bar two sheets and a table-cloth, on the 6th of September; (produced and deposed to.)


                  Mary 
                  Bird 
               



            . I saw the door broke open, where the prisoner lodged, and the things were then gone; I heard the prisoner own when she was taken up, that she had taken the things mentioned, and pawned them to two pawnbrokers.
Prisoner's defence.
I did not take the things away myself; it was 
               
                  Wm 
                  Shepherd 
               



             that took them, and carried them to the pawnbrokers; and I took them of him there, and carried him the money; I never had any of it; that man and I lived together upwards of two years.
Prosecutrix. Shepherd was before the Justice; the prisoner cleared him, and said she did it herself.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
