





207. (L.) 
               
                  David, otherwise 
John Miller


            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver-mounted sword, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert Lee 
                     Doughty 
                  




               
            , Esq
; Jan. 20
. +


                  Robert Lee 
                  Doughty 
               



            , Esq; Coming from Drury lane Play-house on the 20th of Jan. I had my sword taken from my side, just by the Play-house door in Catherine-street


; I did not see the person take it.


                  Henry 
                  Harding 
               



            . I live in Vere-street, Clare-market, and am a taylor; I have known the prisoner some time; he came to my house in February, (I do not recollect the day) and asked me if I would buy a sword; he said he had not got it with him; I asked him if it was advertised; he said it was, but he would sooner take and knock it to pieces than carry it to the person; he went and fetched it, and asked me whether I had a private room that he could shew it me in; I said, you may shew it me in my yard, no body can overlook you; he had it under his coat; then he took it from under his coat, and took it out of the scabbard five or six inches; he said with an oath, he was sure it cost ten guineas, but I should have it for five; he desired I would bid something; I would not; I said, I could send you to a very honest man, an old clothes-man, named 
               
                  Adam 
                  Wood 
               



            , at the bottom of Wych-street, the Crooked Billet and King's Arms; he walked out; I never saw him after, till before Justice Fielding.
Q What is the prisoner?
Harding. He calls himself a taylor, but I believe he never was one.


                  Thomas 
                  Fellows 
               



            . I am a constable. On the first of February, about two in the afternoon, an information was brought to me, that a man was overheard at the Crooked Billet at the bottom of Wych-street, offering a sword that had been advertised, and that it was secreted under his coat; I got assistance and went; there was the prisoner and Mr. Wood; I clasped the prisoner round, and found this sword under his coat; ( produced in court, and deposed to by prosecutor.)
Harding. I believe this to be the same the prisoner shewed to me.
Fellows. I took the prisoner before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , there I found this sword had been advertised; we asked the prisoner where he lived; he said in Denmark-court in the Strand; I was ordered to go and search his lodging, there I found two pocket-books; in one were divers sham banknotes, not filled up, (produced.) I traced the other pocket-book to be the property of Mr. Woodrooffe in Cheapside, which he lost upon 'Change.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming through Vinegar-yard about a quarter after ten, I had occasion to ease myself, there were two men; I heard them say, we will hide it; what it was I could not tell, it was in a dark place behind Drury-lane Play-house; after they were gone I went to look, and saw this sword without a scabbard, and two pocket-books, with an old handkerchief tied round the sword; I kept them three days, waiting for an advertisement; then I carried the sword to Mr. Harding, he lent me half a guinea upon it; after that he met me, and said, what shall I do for a scabbard; he desired me to get one; I said I had no money; then he gave me a guinea to go and get two or three; I went to a cutler, and he let me have four; one of them fitted, for which I gave 4 s. I seeing it advertised, went to him on a Sunday morning, and said it was advertised a guinea reward; I desired him to let me have it to carry to Sir John; no, said he, I'll give you more than it is advertised for; then I said I would go to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; then he said, let us go and sell it to an old clothes-man; Mr. Fellows came there, and took me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried by the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Miller 
               



            , No 11, in Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Stephenson 
               



            's, and by the name of 
               
                  David 
                  Miller 
               



            , No 130, in Mr. Alderman Nelson's Mayoralty.
