





183. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Donoley 
                  



               
             was indicted, for that he, on the 15th of January
, 


               about the hour of 6 in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Frankland 
                        




                      
                  , did break and enter, and stealing 9 pair of worsted stockings, value 20 s. the property of the said Joseph, in the said dwelling-house
            . ||


                  Joseph 
                  Frankland 
               



            . I am a hosier
, and live in David-street, Grosvenor-square


. On the 15th of January, about 6 at night, there were two candles burning in my window, and two on the counter. I saw two men at the window, breaking of it, and taking the stockings out as I was in the back room. I saw each of them had a hand in at the hole. I ran out; they ran: I called, stop thief. They both ran into a passage called Little Grosvenor passage, I was not above five yards behind them: there were the prisoner and another man standing; I said, did you see two men run through here; they said, no. Then I took hold of the prisoner, and said he should go along with me; there were 9 pair of stockings picked up afterwards upon the spot where he was standing (produced and deposed to.)


                  William 
                  Clarkson 
               



            . I live within two doors. I saw the prisoner running, he was the last of the two, with stockings in his hand. I saw the feet hang down; I saw him run into that passage, where he was taken.


                  Richard 
                  Peachey 
               



            . I picked up the 9 pair of stockings after the prosecutor had taken the prisoner away: they were on the same spot where the prisoner stood.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
