





45. (L.) 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Morgan 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eight pounds weight of sugar, value 2 s. and 8 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Turner 
                  




                
            , December 26
. ++


                  Francis 
                  Neal 
               



            . I saw the prisoner take a great lump of sugar out of a hogshead: I bid him put it in again, and go along.
Q. What time was this?
Neal. This was about one o'clock in the day.
Q. What are you?
Neal. I am a watchman on Smart's Key


. When I took him in charge he had got a bag behind him with about eight pounds of sugar, which I saw weighed.
Q. Do you know whence he took that sugar?
Neal. I imagine, by there being so large a hole, he took it out of the same cask. The wharfinger's watchman mended the hole as well as he could.
Q. Was it open?
Neal. No, it lay bouge ways.
Q. You say you saw him take a lump out, how did he get it out?
Neal. I do not know how he came at it, but he did not deny it. There were two staves broke in the hogshead; let the prisoner deny it if he can, there he is.


                  John 
                  Coats 
               



            . I am a porter, and belong to the Keys, and have these goods in trust. Neal came and told me he had taken a soldier that had taken some sugar out of a cask from off the Keys. I went, and he shew'd me the cask, there were two staves broken; it belong'd to Mr. Turner, and was brought by the ship Thomas, captain Burton, from Antigua. We carried the prisoner before Sir 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hankey 
               



            , where the evidence Neal gave a better account of the matter than now. The sugar is present in court.
Q. Did you observe any place broke in the cask?
Coats. There was a place had been broke, but it was mended again.
Q. What said the prisoner upon his being charged?
Coat. He beg'd forgiveness, and said he never did such a thing before.



                  John 
                  Jebb 
               



            . I am a constable (he produces the sugar) this bag was hanging behind him, and he gave it into my hand. I was before the alderman, when he was charged with taking this sugar out of the hogshead; he said he never did so before, and beg'd for mercy.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took the sugar off the ground.
For the Prisoner.
Serjeant Macgrief. I have known him 4 years, and belong to the same company; he has always behaved well, and never was confined, or punished.


                  Philip 
                  Hall 
               



            . I belong to the same company that the prisoner does; he is a very civil fellow, and has behaved well ever since he has been in the company, which is about 4 years.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


