





450. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Babb 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wicker basket, value 1 s. two pair of leather shoes, value 8 s. and a silver watch, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Repton 
                  




                
            , July 15
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Repton 
               



            . I am a waggoner
. My waggon goes from Shrewsbury to London. I lighted of the prisoner on the road, and he came to town with me. The gateway of the Castle and Faulcon in Aldersgate-street would not admit of the waggon's coming in; it was so high loaded, we were forced to take some of the things off in the street. I delivered a wicker basket (what was in it I do not know) to the prisoner at the bar, directed to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Carver 
               



            : he was to carry it to the Nag's Head, across the street, but he took it away. I do not know what became of it. This was on the 15th of July.


                  James 
                  Eastlander 
               



            . I live at the Bird, at the bottom of the Castle and Faulcon yard. On the 15th of July the prisoner brought a wicker basket into my house. I never saw him in my life before, and he called for a pint of beer, desiring me not to let the basket go away till he came. He went away, and returned in about a quarter of an hour, and took it away. I saw him pull the direction off in my house, but did not observe who it was directed to. There was a cloth over the top of it. I laid my hand upon it, and felt something that I thought was leather.


                  Martha 
                  Carver 
               



            . The basket was directed to my husband; it came from my father and mother in Shropshire. There were two pair of shoes, a watch, and other things in it.
Q. How do you know that?
M. Carver. I have received a letter, giving an account of it. (The letter not being proper evidence, could not be read.)
Q. to Repton. What is the value of the basket?

Repton. That is worth about 10 d. or a shilling.
Prisoner's Defence.
The waggoner delivered only a basket of fowls and a bundle to me, and I carried them to the Nag's Head. I never saw the wicker-basket.




               Guilty of stealing the basket, 10 d.
            



               T
            .
