





303. 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Russell 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a cotton gown, value 4 s. one cotton skirt of a gown, value 2 s. and one sattin petticoat, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Graham 
                  




                
            , April 25
. +


                  Catherine 
                  Graham 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; we had a room at Mr. Smith's, in Little Eagle-court, in the Strand


: I never saw the prisoner but two days before the things mentioned in the indictment were taken away, which was the 25th of April, when I was in bed and asleep, between three and four in the morning; the petticoat was taken from off the bed, and the other things were hanging upon a nail in the room. The prisoner came as a servant out of place
, to lodge there till she would get a place; she was absent when I got up: I took her up at the Blue Bell in John's Street: I charged her with taking the things; she said she would make it up: I took her before the Justice; there she said liquor was the occasion of it, and told me where the things were; I went with the constable to the place; they were pledged in her own name. (a gown and petticoat produced in court, and deposed to.)
Henry steel. The prisoner pledged this gown with me on the 25th of April, between eight and nine in the morning, for fifteen shillings. The petticoat was brought by another woman, named 
               
                  Ann 
                  Wright 
               



            , on the 27th.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to lodge in this house; this woman kept a bawdy-house in Eagle-court; she lent me these things to go out in one night: I was to give her three half crowns a Week, till I could get better for myself; and because I went away that morning, she sent Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's men after me, and took me up for stealing the things: she was not gone to bed when I came Cut of the house that morning.
Q. to prosecutrix. Did you lend the prisoner the things?
Prosecutrix. No, I did not.



               Guilty
            .


               T
            .
