






175, 176. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Allen 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Wardley 
                  



                
            , were indicted; the first for 


               stealing, together with 
                     
                        William 
                        Wake 
                     



                   not taken, one copper pot and cover, value 6 s. one brass pot and cover, value 5 s. one brass stew pan and cover, value 2 s. 2 pewter plates, value 1 s. and 5 wooden trenchers, value 4 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Lee 
                  



                
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , March 10

.*


                  Joseph 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I, one Wake, and the prisoner Allen, agreed to go to Mr. Lee's house to get what we could. Allen knew the way to the back door; they forc'd the door open, and we all 3 went in; Wake brought out the things.
Q. When was this?
Williamson. This was last friday night was sevennight.
Q. What things did you take?
Williamson. We took a brass pot, a copper boiler, 3 covers, 5 trenchers, and 2 plates.
Q. What did you do with them?
Williamson. We carry'd them to Wardley's house, and he receiv'd them.
Q. Did he know how you came by them?
Williamson. Yes; we told him we had stolen them. The next Day Allen and Wardley went and sold them, but I was not with them then.
Q. from Allen. Who carried the things to Wardley's house?
Williamson. You and Wake did, and I went with you.
Q. from Allen. Who broke into the yard first?

Williamson. They listed me over the pales, and I let them in then: I told them, I believed the door was lock'd; then they came and forc'd the door open, and we got in.


                  Martin 
                  Lion 
               



            . About the hour of 12, in the day, on the 10th of this instant May, Allen and Wardley came to my house with a pottage pot and cover, and stew pan to sell; my man bought them of them. I was out, I soon after returned; after which they came again with another pottage pot, which I bought of them. Allen vouch'd for Wardley's character; Wardley said it was his own property, and that his wife us'd to wash in it, and she was dead, so he would sell it, having to use for it. I gave him as much or more than any body else wou'd. I set it out at my door amongst other things to sell, and soon after Mrs. Lee came and own'd it. I said to her, if that is your property, I fear I have got more of your things, which I bought of the same persons.


                  James 
                  Neal 
               



            . I am servant to the last witness. I bought a pottage pot, a stew pan, and 3 covers of the prisoner Wardley; my master was out at that time when I paid Wardley the money; he said, now I'll go and redeem a large pottage pot that I had pawned in a drunken frolick. I said, if he would sell that, my master would give him as much for it as, any body; he would soon be at home; he went and brought it, and master came home and bought it of him.


                  Diana 
                  Lee 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. After these things were stolen, I went out with an intent to have them advertised; as I was going along, I saw the pot standing at Mr. Lion's door. I said it was mine. Then they said, they were afraid they had got more of my things, having bought more of the same persons, and if I had come about an hour sooner, I might have seen the men there. She show'd me the other things, and I own'd them.
Allen's Defence.
I was drinking in a public house, between 11 and 12 o'clock, my comrade Wake came and asked me if I would go with him, and fetch some goods that he had bought; I said, can you not let it alone till morning. He said, he could not go in the day time. I ask'd him where they were; he said, he would not tell me till I came there. When I came to the place, Williamson went up and said this is the door, and went into the yard, and brought them out; I was not in the house; nor nigh it.
Wardley's Defence.
I was guilty in selling the things to be sure, but I did not know that they were stolen; I have been a soldier 18 years, and never was in trouble before.
To their Characters.


                  John 
                  Ellise 
               



            . I now lie in the barracks with Allen; I have been acquainted with him 5 years; I never knew him to take away any man's property, neither did I ever hear he was accused of such a thing.


                  William 
                  Barry 
               



            . Allen has been in our company between 5 and 6 years, he always behav'd well as a soldier, I never knew any ill of him before this, what he does when off from duty I know not; he never miss'd his duty, and always behav'd well and clean as a soldier.
Q. Do you know Wardley?
Barry. I do; he always behaved well as a soldier; I never knew any ill of him.


                  Robert 
                  Hunt 
               



            . I have known Allen between 3 and 4 years, which is ever since I have been in the company; he always behav'd clean as a soldier, I never heard of his being guilty of any thing of this kind before; I know Wardly also, I never heard any ill of him, he behav'd well as a soldier.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


