





308. (L.) 
               
                  James 
                  Mann 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a woollen cloth cushion, belonging to the inside of a coach, called a coach-seat, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Salvadore 
                  




                
            , Esq
; May 16
. *


                  James 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. Salvadore; I saw the cushion after eight o'clock, and before ten it was missing; it was advertised a guinea reward, and it was brought home the Tuesday following, being the 19th, by 
               
                  Hugh 
                  Riley 
               



            ; (produced and deposed to.)


                  Hugh 
                  Riley 
               



            . I am a watchman in St. Andrew's parish, my beat goes as far as Union-court; I went in there at the hour of two, there was no body in the court then; I went there again at half an hour after two, this was on the Sunday morning; there lay the prisoner on this cushion in the court, at the farther end, it is opposite St. Andrew's church; I asked him what business he had there, and what he had got with him; he said, what is that to you, you impudent dog, what business have you to examine me, I'll mark you. I said, I'll see what you have got, or I'll hand you to the watch-house; I took him over to the watch-house; said he, you dog, I make such things as these. I had it to bind round; when he was at Guildhall he said he found it.
Mr. Wellings. I live in Camomile-street. On Monday Mr. Salvadore sent me word he had lost one of his coach-seats, and ordered me to advertise a guinea reward, for that and the man that stole it; the next day I was informed the prisoner had been before the sitting Alderman; I went to meet him; there I saw the seat, which, by comparing it with the other, I believe to be the property of Mr. Salvadore; I mean by the quilting, colour, and every particular.
Q. What did the prisoner say when he was charged with it?
Wellings. He said he found it.
Prisoner's defence.
I found it between ten and eleven o'clock that night, in the street; I lay down upon it, till the watchman came and awaked me; he said, what do you do here at this time of the night; I said, I shall do no harm; he said, what have you got there; I said, what I found, it is a cushion; then he said, I'll take you and the cushion up, to know who it belongs to.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
