





430. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Gilbert 
                     Garrett 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two pounds and a half weight of stags horn for handles for knives, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jackson 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Wilkenson 
                  



                
            , July 15
. ++


                  William 
                  Jackson 
               



            . 
               
                  Robert 
                  Wilkenson 
               



             and I are partners in the business of harts-horn rasping, for making jellies

; we were always missing things ever since the prisoner worked in the shop
, which was from a little before Christmas last. On the 15th of July I went to the house of Mr. Morris; he told me he had better horns than he could have of me; the next morning I went again; there I found some harts horns in the prisoner's bag, two pounds and a half of them; they are Hamburgh horn, I know them to be our property: on this I took the prisoner up; I held the bag up to him and said, do you know any thing of this bag? he said, yes, I do; (the bag produced in court.)
Q. How do you know it to be the prisoner's bag?
Jackson. I have seen it in my shop often before, and know it is his bag; (pieces of horn found at Mr. Morris's produced, and other pieces which the prosecutor brought from his own shop compared, and it appeared to a demonstration, they were only parted by the saw.)
Cross examination.
Q. Did you never sell the prisoner harts horns?
Jackson. I once sold him half a hundred of tips, and he never came to work after, till he had spent the money, and I am not paid yet.
Q. How long is that ago?
Jackson. It may be about three months ago.
Q. Are not these part of them?
Jackson. No, I can swear they are not; they were quite of a different sort.


                  Peter 
                  Morris 
               



            . I am a cutler, and live in St. John's-street; I bought these horns in the bag of the prisoner; Mr. Jackson came to my shop, and upon seeing the bag on my counter, asked whose bag it was; I said it was Garrett's; the horns were in it, there are two pounds and a half of them; I was to have given the prisoner half a crown for them, but having no silver I had not paid him for them; there are only two little tips among it, the rest are parts of bodies of horns.
Q. How long have you dealt with the prisoner?
Morris. I have dealt with him two or three years, and sometimes I have dealt with Mr. Jackson.


                  James 
                  Butcher 
               



            . I was formerly a servant to Mr. Jackson; I was before my Lord-Mayor when the prisoner was there; I there saw the horns found at Mr. Morris's, fitted exactly to some pieces that were brought from the prosecutor's, they matched exactly; it was plain to be seen they belonged to each other; (the jury inspect them)
Prisoner's defence.
I bought some horn in Whitechapel, and some of a merchant, all Hamburgh horn; as to their matching, horns may come off two dears heads, and appear as if they came from one.
For the prisoner.


                  John 
                  Pool 
               



            . I am a druggist and live in White-chapel, the prisoner has bought horns of me several times; I believe he bought some of me in July last.
Q. What sort of horns were they?
Pool. They were bucks horns, there might be some flags horns among them.
Q. What is his character?
Pool. I know nothing of his character; he used to pay me.


                  James 
                  Edwards 
               



            . I have lived with Mrs. Edwards 26 years, in Shoreditch; she deals in rags, horns, and other things for this seven years; the prisoner has bought what horns we have; he has taken an hundred, or a hundred and a half at a time.


                  Richard 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I am a box-maker, and live in the Old Exchange; I have known the prisoner 18 or 20 years, he has got his living by industry; he always bore a good character; I have lent him money several times to buy horns.


                  John 
                  Selby 
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Golden-lane; I have known the prisoner pretty near three years; he lived in my house about two years; he dealt in harts-horn; I never heard a bad character of him in my life; I have lent him money to buy horn; he has paid me very honestly.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
