





160. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Matthews 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a deal box, value 10 d. one wooden case for knives, covered with fish-skin, value 10 s. twenty-four knives, with ivory handles, and twenty-four forks, with ditto, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bucannan 
                  




                
            , February 11
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Pain 
               



            . On the 11th of February, I saw the prisoner at this box, on Botolph-wharf


, between eleven and twelve o'clock; he was measuring it with his apron, and had got it half off the place where it stood. I then went about two or three yards from him; I went to the next key, and there watched him, and saw him rowl it into his apron, and bring it by where I was. I clapped my hand upon his apron, and said, Where are you going with this box, friend? he said nothing, but dropped it down, and ran away. In about seven or eight minutes after, he came upon the key again, and was taken by one of our gang's-men, and brought to me, on Summer's key.


                  John 
                  Jebb 
               



            . When the prisoner was in my charge, the box was opened: there were the things mentioned in the indictment in it.


                  Edward 
                  Sturney 
               



            . I am a watchman on the keys. I had the care of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Bucannan 
               



            's goods: these were his property: I was not on the spot when they were taken: I have the bill of parcels here. (Produced).



                  Patrick 
                  Coffe 
               



            . I saw the prisoner take the box, and he might have gone away, if he had not been stupid, or out of his senses: he must certainly be in liquor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was so heavy in liquor, that I did not know where I was: the next day they told me I was carried away in a cart.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
