





5. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Williams 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 18 d.
             the property of a person unknown, Nov. 9
. ++


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . On Lord Mayor's day, I was coming towards the Mansion-house on the North side of St. Paul's


. I saw the prisoner with another little boy with him. I very well knew what they were. I saw them attempt to pick several pockets between there and Cheapside


. Just by the crossing over, the little boy attempted to pick a gentleman's pocket. I saw the handkerchief was very visible. He not being quick enough, the prisoner stepped forward and took it, and was turning back. I said to the gentleman, You have lost your handkerchief. He felt, and said he had. I took hold of the prisoner, and said, Where is the gentleman's handkerchief? He said, he had none. I took it from between his waistcoat and shirt. I got him out of the mob and took him to the Compter. But I lost the gentleman that owns the handkerchief in the crowd. The Alderman thought proper to commit the prisoner and bound me over to prosecute. (A red and white handkerchief produced in court.) This is it. I saw the prisoner take it out of the gentleman's pocket. The prisoner told me he was a plaisterer.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to see my Lord Mayor's show. I took this handkerchief off the ground, and went to blow my nose, and then I put it up.
He called 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Phillips 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Wyre 
               



            , a shoemaker, who said he was a shoemaker, and worked with Wyre the last twelve months, and had a good character.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
