





369. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Smith 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               steal- a 9 s. piece, and 1 s. in money numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Morgan 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , June 12
. *


                  David 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I met the prisoner one evening about the beginning of June, about ten at night, and asked him the way to St. James's-street, St. James's palace; I came from South Wales, and was a stranger; he came along with me; (I had never seen him before;) I had him in at the King's Arms, in Catherine-wheel yard


, to give him a pint of beer, then it was between eleven and twelve; he said he was afraid he should be locked out, and he would lie along with me; he lay with me at that house; the next morning, when I awaked, there was no body in the bed with me, that was between seven and eight; I got up, and found I had not a farthing left in my breeches; when I went to bed, I know I had a 9 s. piece and two six-pences; I felt all the three pieces. I went to see for a countryman to borrow a couple of shillings of, at the Ax and Gate in King-street, there I saw the prisoner sitting in the house; I went out to see if I could find any of my friends, Welch chairmen, to help to take him; I could not see any; while I was speaking to a stranger at the door, the prisoner went out at the back door; after I had told the people what had happened, one went one way, and another another, and he was taken that day; I saw him in the Round-house, and before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; there I told how I had had my pocket picked; the prisoner said he never saw my breeches; he did not deny lying with me; I came to London but the Wednesday before, and this was done on the Friday night.


                  John 
                  Osborn 
               



            . I live in King-street, Westminster, by the Coach and Horses; the prisoner came to me about seven o'clock that morning he was taken, to have his shoes heel-pieced; the girl of the house came out to me to have a 9 s. piece changed; I at first refused changing it, but on account of the people not being up I did; she said, the man could not pay his reckoning without he could get it changed; after that one of the chairmen came and asked me to look at it, the prisoner was then gone; I did not understand it to be his money then; they sent for me into the house to look at the piece; I went and showed it them: then I said, I dare say the man will call again for his shoes, I had lent him a pair of slippers; he came about three hours after; I asked him to come in, and put his shoes on; he said he was in a great hurry, and could not; he did come in, and a man went in at the Ax and Gate, and told of it; the prisoner then said, upon being asked about it, it was his own 9 s. piece; (the prosecutor was not there then;) after that, the prisoner went away, and I went after him, and catched him; after that, the prosecutor came, and desired me to go with him to Justice Fielding's, as I changed the money; I went and told the Justice I changed the piece of money; the prisoner said he took that piece of money at Brentford.
Prisoner's defence.
The prosecutor actually said he would give me more beer, but he had no more money; we went to bed, and he put his breeches under his head.
Q. to prosecutor. Who went into bed first?
Prosecutor. The prisoner did.
Q. Was there any other bed in the room?
Prosecutor. No, there was not.
Q. Was the door secured?
Prosecutor. I do not know that it was.
Q. Was you in liquor when you went to bed?
Prosecutor. No, I was not at all in liquor.
Prisoner. I lived three years with the Earl of Abercorn; I had that evening been helping the servants; the prosecutor met me, and said he was a gentleman's servant, and desired me to show him St. James's palace; I thought it was very odd, when he said he did not lodge there, he said he lodged in Catherine-wheel-yard; it being very late, I lay with him; he got into bed, and lay on his breeches all night; I was born in Sussex, at a place called Westford.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
