





141. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cuthbertson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one peruke, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Gibson 
                        



                      
                  , one peruke, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Harding 
                        



                      
                  , one peruke, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Harwood 
                        



                      
                  , and one peruke, value 13 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Nicholson 
                        



                      
                  , and three ounces of hair, value 9 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Coombe 
                        



                      
                  , in the shop of the said Henry
            , February 22
.


                  Henry 
                  Coombe 
               



            . The prisoner came to me, to be hired as a journeyman
, on the 22d of February. He went away, and came the next morning. He desired leave of my wife to be in the shop, to eat his victuals; saying, he was not used to beer-houses. I lost four perukes, but I had missed but three at first, and two locks of grizel hair mixed up, and three locks of brown natural curl. I went to the person that had recommended him to me, and he gave me information where the prisoner lodged. Then I went to justice Fielding, and got a warrant, and took him up, about nine at night, and in about three quarters of an hour he confessed he had three perukes, and the hair; they were all cut perukes. I then had only charged him with taking, Gibson's, Nicholson's, and Harwood's; I had not then missed Harding's. He said, he had sold them in Middle-row, Holbourn. That night he was put in St. Martin's Round-house, and I told the constable, I would meet him at Mr. Fielding's, about 11 o'clock. I went there, they were not come; then I went to the Round-house, there I found an agent for an independent company, that was going to Germany. He asked me if I would consent to his going to serve his majesty; I said yes, the prisoner has taken money in order thereto. Then the constable and I went to Middle-row, and we found two perukes at one house, one of them was Harding's, which I had mis sed, we had the prisoner with us. Then we went to the other place, where he said he had sold the other two, and the hair; the man said, he had bought them of him on the Monday, but had sold them on the Tuesday; this was the Wednesday morning. When we came to justice Fielding, he granted me a search warrant; I went and searched, but I found nothing.
Q. Are you sure they were all in the shop, when the prisoner worked for you?
Coombe. I am certain they were.


                  Richard 
                  Kelly 
               



            . I am a constable, [He produced two perukes.] These we found in Middle-row, at a shop where the prisoner owned he had sold them.
Prosecutor. These are two of the perukes taken out of my shop, the property of Mr. Gibson, and Mr. Harding, value 2 s. each.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing about the perukes.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


