





369. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Hoskins 
                  , otherwise 
Helkins




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 8 s. and a pair of silver sleeve-buttons, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Crowthers 
                  




               
            , May 5
. +


                  John 
                  Crowthers 
               



            . This day fortnight, between one and two o'clock, the prisoner came to my house (the Carlisle public-house) in Shoreditch, and called for a pint of beer; she asked me where my little boy was, saying, she should be very glad to see him, that he was just like a little boy she had that died, and said she had something to give him; she asked where he went to school, I told her; after she had drank her beer; she went to the school-mistress, who can inform the court farther.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Rowland 
               



            . The little boy comes to school to me; the prisoner came to my house on the 5th of May, and asked if there was not a little boy came there, whose father lived at the Carlisle, and described his dress; I said, yes; she said, his father has sent me for him; she took him in her arms, and carried him out of the yard, I thought very tenderly; he then had a pair of silver buckles in his shoes, which had been his mother's that is dead.


                  Francis 
                  Waters 
               



            . I lodge at Mr. Crowther's. On the 5th of May I saw the prisoner sitting drinking a pint of beer there; she asked for the child, saying she had a child died much like it; the child was called in; she gave him two or three crabs; the father told the child he must go to school, he went; the prisoner asked him where the child went to school; he told her; she said she wondered he let him go alone.


                  Richard 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I lodge at the school-mistress's. Between two and three in the afternoon that day, the prisoner came down the yard part of the way, and returned back again; then, she came again and asked for the child; she took and carried him out of the yard, that is all I saw of it.
Crowthers. The child came home without his silver buckles in his shoes, or sleeve buttons in his shirt; he had them both on when he went out to school; I asked him where they were; he told me the woman that gave him the crabs had taken them.
Q. How old is the child?
Crowthers. He is five years and a half old; the prisoner has been at my house once or twice, but I never knew where she came from.
Q. Did you find the buckles or buttons again?
Crowthers. No, I never did.
Prisoner's defence.
They took me up, and I did not know what it was for; I am innocent of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
