





426. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Buckler 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a gold watch, value 10 l. one tortoise shell snuff-box, with a silver rim, value 10 s. two linen handkerchiefs, one half guinea, one quarter guinea, and 15 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Gille Joseph 
                     Dontremer 
                  




               
            , July 7
. ++
The prosecutor being a foreigner, an interpreter was sworn.
Gille 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Dontremer 
               



            . I am a silver chaser
, and live in Plough-court, Fetter-lane


; I happened to meet the prisoner in Holbourn, between ten and eleven o'clock on Sunday night, the sixth of July, very near Holbourn-bars; I went home with her to Brook's-market, to the sign of the Three Tuns; I did not like her lodgings, there was never a lock to the room-door, so I took her home to my lodging, and lay with her that night; I fell into a sleep, and waked about five in the morning on the 7th, and I found her gone; I missed my gold watch, tortoise-shell snuff-box, two linen handkerchiefs, and my money.
Q. Was you sober or in liquor?
Dontremer. I drank but a pot of beer all the whole evening.
Q. Are you sure you had these things about you when you went into that room?
Dontremer. I am sure I had; the watch I hung up at the head of my bed, and locked the street-door, and my own room-door on the inside; the key of the street-door I put in my pocket, but I left the key of my door in the lock.
Q. Did you ever meet with any of your things again?
Dontremer. The Justice found out my watch and snuff-box; I saw the watch at Mr. Crofton's shop four days after they were stolen, and the snuff-box at Mr. Goban's shop.


                  Robert 
                  Careless 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; on the 7th of July, in the morning, the prisoner offered a gold watch to pledge to me.
Q. Where do you live?


                  Robert 
                  Careless 
               



            . I live in Fox-court; she told me it was the property of her husband; I bid her bring her husband: then she shewed me a snuffbox, it was blackish, I believe engine turned, an said that was her husband's; I desired her to bring her husband, and then I would talk to her farther; she went away and came no more: she was taken upon the Tuesday, and examined before Justice Girdler; she was seen to go into my house, so the Justice sent for me, and upon the account I gave, she was committed.
Court. In order to have seen her husband, you should have stopped the things; you could never expect to see her husband in letting her go away so. I mention this by way of advice, that you may always stop the goods, where you have any suspicion.


                  John 
                  Crofton 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Black-friers; the prisoner brought this gold watch to me on the 7th of July, and wanted three guineas upon it. I asked her how she came by it; she said it was the property of her husband; I said, then bring your husband; she took it away, and in about an hour and an half after, a gentleman-like man appeared as her husband; he said he wanted three guineas upon it; he told me the maker's name; I asked him how long he had had it; he said about a year and a half; I asked him what he gave for it; he said his brother died about a year and a half ago, and left it him: he pledged it in the name of John Hill; he said he lodged at a haberdasher's in Russel-street, Covent-garden (produced and deposed to by prosecutor.)


                  Adam 
                  Goban 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live on Ludgate-hill; the prisoner at the bar pledged this snuff-box with me on the 7th of July (produced in court and deposed to by prosecutor, it was engine turned.) I lent her 4 s. upon it.
Q. What way of life had she been in?
Goban. I took her for a different sort of a woman, than what she turns out to be.
Q. Did you know her before?
Goban. I know nothing at all of her.
Q. How was she dressed?
Goban. I think she was dressed in mourning.
Court. Here are three persons of some credit, by their appearance, every one whom have acted quite wrong; I wish there was more caution used in carrying on the trade. If a person puts a few clean cloaths on, they can easily impose on these persons: you will oblige the legislator to put an end to your trade, in not using more caution; such do more mischief to society, than the thieves themselves do: it certainly is their duty to stop the goods, where there is any suspicion.
Prisoner's defence.
I never saw the gentleman in my life; I was coming down Holbourn betwixt six and seven on Monday morning, a gentleman met me, a well dressed man; he asked me to drink a glass of wine with him; I refused it; he asked me a second time; we went to the Two Blue Posts in Holbourn, he called for a pint of wine; he asked me to go home with me; I told him I could not take him home at that time of the morning, it was too early; he said he had not cash enough about him, but said, I have got my watch, if you will be so good as to take my watch and pawn it, I'll make you satisfaction; leave it for three or four guineas; I said, I do not think they will take it of me; he said, I'll go with you to the door: I went to a gentleman in Holbourn, he would not take it of me; I came out and told him; then we went to the other gentleman; he would not take it of me; I went and told the gentleman, he went in and pledged it, I never saw him since: I never saw the snuff-box.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
