





12. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cadbury 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one chaldron of sea coals, value 26 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Walton 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Slade 
                        



                      
                  ; and 12 bushels of sea coals
            , the property of persons unknown, Nov. 13
. ++


                  Daniel 
                  Hart 
               



            . I am a lighterman; the coals were lost from Wapping dock


, about one in the morning, on the 12th of November; I was informed of it, and went and saw the prisoner in the watch-house, and saw the coals in a boat at Bell-wharf; they told me they had taken the coals out of a lighter at Ratcliff-cross; then they went to another place and took more; then they came to Wapping-dock and took the barge away, and endeavoured to drive her down into Limehouse-reach, and got on board a tier of ships at King Edward's stairs, and there they were detected with the boat, with coals in her, by the side the barge.


                  Alexander 
                  Gowdey 
               



            . On Thursday morning the 12th of November, I went to see for the barge and it was gone; about two in the morning I took the boat and rowed down, and saw the two prisoners jump out of my master's barge; I stopped them; there was about a chaldron and a half of coals in the boat; they threw coals at me; I drove with them from New Crane to Ratcliff-cross; there were men coming that I knew; they assisted me, and we took them into custody; then they confessed they took the coals out of this barge, there and before the Justice; the coals belong to Mess. Walton and Slade; they would not tell where they took the rest they had.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Note, There was 
               
                  Thomas 
                  George 
               



             indicted with the prisoner, but being ill could not be tried.
