





267. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Gwillim 
                  



               
            , clerk
, was indicted for 


               stealing a pint silver silver mug, value 36 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones 
                  




                
            , Feb. 25
. +


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . I keep the Salutation in Tavistock-street




; on the 25th of February the prisoner was in my house, between ten and eleven in the evening, with the pint mug before him; there was a man with him some time, but not long.
Q. Was the mug in the room after the other man was gone?
Jones. I cannot be sure of that.


                  Joseph 
                  Roe 
               



            . I was drinking in the same room that the prisoner was in, at the prosecutor's house; I saw him throw the remaining liquor out of the silver mug, and put the mug into his left hand coat pocket; this was in the parlour, no body could go out but by the bar; I went out and told Mr. Jones of it, he was very scrupulous of apprehending him; he went out after him, but the prisoner was too many for him, and got away, but was taken the next morning.


                  William 
                  Haliburton 
               



            . I am one of the constables of St. Paul's Covent-garden, this was my watch night; as I was going to the watch-house; I met Mr. Jones, he told me what had happened, and described the prisoner; I looked in to see what persons were in the night-houses, the prisoner came in while I was in one; I went and called Mr. Jones to the place, Mr. Jones said that was the man; I laid hold of the prisoner, and clapt my hand to his left hand coat pocket, and there I found this silver pint mug, (produced in court.)
Prosecutor. This is my property, which was taken away that night.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him for stealing three silver spoons.
