





109. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rutter 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twelve brass ferrels for angling-rods, four cocoa-nut heads for canes, four brass screw ferrels, four bamboo canes, one walking-cane, and four metal heads
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Emory 
                  




                
            , Dec. 19
. ++


                  William 
                  Emory 
               



            . I am a fishing-rod maker
, and live in Holbourn


; the prisoner worked two months with me as a journeyman
; some time after he had been at work, I gave him a quantity of sheet-brass to make ferrels; I thought the brass would have made more ferrels than what he said it did. Some time after I gave him another quantity to make some more; I took particular notice of that, and cut them out at half a dozen at a time; it would have made at least sixteen dozen; when he had finished the brass, he told me it made but eleven dozen and a half; then I was fully convinced he had wronged me; I took no notice to him about it; he worked but about three days in a week. On Friday the 19th of December, I counted a drawer of nut heads, and a drawer of screw ferrels, and my apprentice counted them likewise; he carried them up into the work-shop, and I ordered him to call me down, which he did, in order to leave the prisoner alone; I staid below about an hour, and then went up into the work-shop; I had the drawers carried down; I counted them over again, and there was deficient four nut heads and eight screw ferrels; I contrived to keep him all day at work, that he might not go out to dinner; I told him, I had a job to do for a gentleman that must go out of town early, and if he would stay and do it, he should dine with me, and have some of my ale; I got a warrant to apprehend him, and another to search his lodging, and Mr. Morgan an officer there; when the prisoner came down stairs, I said I wanted to speak with him; I took him into the kitchen, and asked him what he had done with the nut heads and screw ferrels; at first he said he had none; I said I had marked them, and missed so many of them; then he was all in a tremble.
Q. How had you marked them?
Emory. I marked them with a black pencil on the inside: he then at separate times took out four heads and four ferrels from his pocket, and he took out a key of a door; I took that, and said, I supposed it was the key of his lodgings; he said he hoped I would go to his lodgings, and take the things of mine away, and not say any thing to his landlord; Mr. Morgan found in the lining of his coat four bamboo canes and a walking-cane; I took him before Justice Girdler, and he was committed the next morning; I went to his lodgings, and found a number of things, I believe my property, which I have not laid in the indictment.
The things found produced in court, and what were laid in the indictment be deposed to as his property.


                  Wilson
               


             the apprentice confirmed the account he had given, as to marking the things, and their being found upon the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence.
The canes, heads, and ferrels, I brought with me that morning; I was a master in Lancashire, and brought these things up when I came to London.
He called to his character 
               
                  James 
                  Philipson 
               



            , a shoemaker, who had known him a dozen years; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith 
               



            , at the Shepherd and Goat, Fleet-ditch, his countrywoman, at whose house he had lodged five weeks; and 
               
                  Esther 
                  Rawlinson 
               



            , who had known him from a youth; who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
