





158 (L.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     O Neal 
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               that he on the 31st of March
, about the hour of 8 in the night, feloniously and burglariously the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Matthews 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, and one gold watch, val. 8 l. the property of the said William, in his dwelling-house did steal, take, and carry away
            . +


                  William 
                  Matthews 
               



            . I live opposite St. Dunstan's church in Fleet-street


. On the 31st of March, between 7 and 8 at night, I was sitting in my parlour, I heard the smash of a window, my servant in the shop immediately called out stop thief, I went forward and saw the window broke and a gold watch missing; I directed my course towards Temple-bar, where I found the pursuit was, in three or four minutes they brought the prisoner back, he was searched, but nothing found upon him belonging to me, there was a silver stop watch found upon him; in less than a quarter of an hour my watch was brought me by a witness that is here. I found one of the prisoner's hands was bloody after he took off his glove, and that was cut through; then the prisoner did not deny that he did it. He was committed to Wood-street compter, and the next day he acknowledged it was his first fact in stealing my watch, and interceeded for mercy.


                  Samuel 
                  Denton 
               



            . I shall be 16 years of age the 24th of May, I am apprentice to Mr. Matthews. I was in the shop when the glass was broke, I jumped up and saw the prisoner at the frame, the shop was not shut up; I ran out after the prisoner, and called out, stop thief, he turned up Bell-yard, there I lost fight of him, he was stopped soon after; I got assistance, and brought him back to the shop, he said he was innocent; there was a silver stop-watch found upon him; we found by breaking the glass his glove was cut through, and his hand bloody: (the glove produced) I had a candle in the shop and saw his face, and know him to be the same person.
Thomas Lane. I was coming through Temple-bar at this time and up Bell-yard, I turned about pretty short, hearing a disturbance, I saw a man come along very fierce, and saw something glisten in his hand like a looking-glass, I kept my eye upon it, and strove with my elbow and foot to stop him, he fell, I saw a watch on the ground, I got between the people's feet and took it up; there were several people took the man away to Mr. Matthews's, I followed them, when I came there I could not get in for the mob; I begged the people to let me come by, and knocked at the window to be let in; at last I said I had something of consequence, then they let me in; I said, what watch have you lost? I have it; Mr. Matthews looked at it, and said it was his watch; I delivered it to him, for which he gave me this receipt; (producing one) this watch was dropped from the prisoner.
Nathaniel Hill. I am constable. Mr. Matthews sent for me on the 31st of March to take charge of the prisoner at the bar, for breaking his shop window, and taking a gold watch, ( produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor) the outside case was missing.


                  Richard 
                  Hamersly 
               



            . I heard the cry of stop thief, the prisoner came running (by a parcel of chairmen, who never attempted to stop him) up Bell-yard, he forced by some people, and knocked one down; I knocked him down with my hand, there was assistance, and we secured him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going along Fleet-street about half an hour after 7 o'clock, I saw a man run his hand into the glass, and I suppose took out something; he slipped it out of his hand, I ran and took it up, and directly there was a cry, stop thief; I ran after the man, and lost fight of him in Bell-yard; I was knocked down by that person, I believe at the time I fell I hurt my hand against the watch-glass; then I was brought to Mr. Matthews's, and from thence to the Compter, and from thence to Newgate.
He called four people to his character, who gave him a good character exclusive of this fact.




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him for stealing the other watch found upon him, the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Kimson 
               



            .
