





322. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cockle 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two great coats, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Davis 
                  




                
            , April 12
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Davis 
               



            . I live in Bucklersbury


, and am a warehouse-man
. On the 12th of April my servant came up to me, and said a young fellow was below with a message from Mr. Poultney, or some such name, to know if he was to have my company that morning; I told him I had no engagement with a person of that name. I went down in about two minutes after, and asked where the man was; I was told he was gone. My servant asked me how many coats I had that hung in the hall; I said there were four: she said there were two taken away. I looked and missed them; I gave them over for lost. Some time after this I found there was a man in Clerkenwell Bridewell for stealing great coats and hats, this was about a fortnight ago; I went to see him, it was the prisoner; I asked him if he remembered any thing of stealing two great coats from my house; he told me, if I chose to go to Justice Girdler where he had made his confession, I might hear of them. I went there, and found he had made a confession of stealing my two coats in particular, describing my house; the Justice told me I might go back and ask him any questions I thought proper. I went back to him; he was very open, and said he had taken the two coats, and directed me to two pawnbrokers where he had pawned them; I went by his direction and found them.


                  Edward 
                  Cox 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Kingsland-road. This great coat (produced and deposed to) the prisoner pledged with me the 18th of May.
Q. Did you know him before?
Cox. I have known him a little while, he is a hair-dresser.
Q. What did you lend him upon the coat?
Cox. I lent 5 s. upon it.


                  Christopher 
                  Curle 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Russel-street, Covent-garden. I took in this great coat (produced and deposed to) of the prisoner at the bar, the 14th of April.
Q. What did you lend him upon it?
Curle. I lent him 8 s. upon it; I have known him some time.
Prosecutor. The prisoner owned he had been drawn into this way by two men, and had been but a little while in it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
