






106. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Connelly 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth waistcoat, one cloth coat, one pair of cloth breeches, and one pair of stockings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bonham 
                  




                
            , September 14
. ++


                  John 
                  Bonham 
               



            . The prisoner is a dyer, or callico-printer
. I sell fish
 about; he being out of work, so he was to go with me for his victuals and drink; he went with me to Lewisham in Kent; I went into a publick-house there, and when I came out, he was gone. I had left my door locked, but when I came home to Bethnal-green


, I found it open, and a new suit of cloaths missing out of my box. I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; he granted me a warrant, and I took him up; he was committed to Bridewell: the gaol keeper told him, if he would tell where the cloaths were, he would knock his irons off; he told us he had sold them at the Blackmoor's Head in High Holbourn: we went as he directed, and found them. The man's name is 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  White 
               



            .


                  Nathaniel 
                  White 
               



            . I keep a sale shop. On the the 14th or 15th of December, in the morning, I bought these cloaths of the prisoner at the bar. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor).
Q. What did you give for them?
White. I gav e fifty shillings for them.
Prosecutor. They cost me five pounds ten shillings, and I never wore them but twice.
Prisoner. I have seen the prosecutor wear them several times.
Prosecutor. I wish I had never seen you.
White. I asked him his business; he said he was a callico-printer, and that, at this time, his business was very bad. The cloaths are of his size.
Prosecutor. They fit me better.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
