





44. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Blanch 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Herbert 
                     Elderton 
                  




                
            , Oct. 28
. *


                  Herbert 
                  Elderton 
               



            . Passing along Fleet-street


, about seven o'clock in the evening, on the 27th of Oct. the prisoner at the bar was close behind me. I felt a hand in my pocket. I turned suddenly round, and found the prisoner taking it out of my pocket. I saw his hand drawing with something in it, which, in appearance, was a handkerchief, but it being lamp-light, I could not distinguish it to be mine. He had a very quick motion with his hand, as I have seen gentlemen exercise dexterity of hand. It was in a moment gone. I immediately seized him by the coat, and led him three or four doors to a fishmonger's; I had first felt and missed my handkerchief. There was only one person near me, he was on the other side, and by circumstances was his comrade. He was a young man, seemingly about twenty. He was about a yard from me. I sent for a coach and took the prisoner to the Compter; I desired he might be searched, but nothing was found upon him.
Q. Can you be certain whether he took your handkerchief or not?
Elderton. I can take upon me to swear, the prisoner's hand was in my pocket, and I seized his hand as it was rising up from my pocket, and I felt something go out, and I found my handkerchief was gone.
Q. When had you seen it last?
Elderton. I believe I had it about three minutes before. I had put it down to the bottom of my pocket, and buttoned my pocket. When he was in the Compter, he petitioned I would use my endeavour to get him sent to the East-Indies, saying he should be transported: he said he had rather go to the East-Indies than be transported, or words to that effect. I went to my Lord Mayor and found it could not be done.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming down Fleet-street, between the hours of seven and eight. I walked pretty fast. I was a little a-head of the gentleman. He endeavoured to get by me. He immediately seized me by the collar, and with his left hand got me by my left hand, and took me into a fishmonger's shop: he looked upon the ground, and could not find his handkerchief: then he said he supposed I might have swallowed it, as men do cups and balls. I was never nigh his pocket.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            



               T
            .
See him tried before, No. 400 in Mr. Alderman Kite's Mayoralty.
