






165, 166. (L.) 
               

                              John 
                              Drew 
                           



                         
                     , and Jane
                   his 
                  wife
, otherwise 
Jane Pervis




            , were indicted, for 


               that they, on the 3d of February
, about the hour of one in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Reynolds 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing two looking-glasses, value 13 s. fourteen pictures framed, value 11 s. five blankets, value 5 s. one bed quilt, two pillow-cases, and two glass decanters, the property of the said 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Reynolds 
                     



                  , in his dwelling house
            . ++


                  Thomas 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . I keep a lodging-house
 in Black-boy Alley


.
Q. How many beds have you?
Reynolds. I can't justly tell.
Q. What sort of people do you let lodgings to?
Reynolds. To poor people.
Q. What, any body that come?
Reynolds. Any body that comes may have a lodging.
Q. How long have you lived there?
Reynolds. I have lived there twenty-three years. I occupy the lower part of the house, the parlour and kitchen.
Q. Do you know all the people to whom you let lodgings?
Reynolds. No, I do not; I have sometimes people from out of the country that I never saw in my life before.
Q. What have you to say against the prisoners at the bar?
Reynolds. On Friday, the 3d of this instant, between 10 and 11 at night, my servant came and told me there was a light in the one-pair of stairs room; I knew nobody should be there, because that was not inhabited: I took a couple of pistols and ran there; there I found a bed at the foot of the stairs, wrapped up ready to be carried away: I called for assistance, Mr. Scott came: The back door was open.
Q. Was this your dwelling house?
Reynolds. No, It was not; it was an uninhabited house of mine; the woman at the bar was found concealed under the sacking of the bed. I went and searched the prisoner's apartment, and there I found five blankets, a quilt, two pillows, and two pillow-cases; six pictures, 2 glass decanters, a large looking-glass, and a great many pieces of china, all my property: They were taken out of the one-pair of stairs, and two-pair of stairs rooms, in that house. The prisoners were tenants of mine. There came twenty or thirty people to my assistance. The man was taken among the rest of the people in the house.
Q. Are the prisoners man and wife?
Reynolds. I know nothing to the contrary but that they are.
Q. Did you see the man when you first went into the room?
Reynolds. No, I did not. On the Monday a person came from the Compter, and let me know where I might go in Harp alley and find more of my things: I went into Harp-alley; there I found a pier glass and eight pictures. (The goods produced and deposed to.)

Q. How long is it ago since any body lived in that house?
Reynolds. I believe it is ten months since, and nobody was ever suffered to go in there, but my wife and myself.


                  John 
                  Scott 
               



            . On the 3d of February, between ten and eleven at night, I was going to bed, I heard an out-cry of fire; then I heard there were thieves in Mr. Reynolds's uninhabited house; I went, and there stood Mr. Reynolds in the yard, with a pistol in his right hand, and another under his left arm. I asked him if he knew who was in the house? he said he could not tell, but had reason to believe there were thieves; he was afraid to go in. I said, give me one of the pistols, and I'll go in; he did. I went in, and the first thing I put my hand upon, was a bed that lay against a door: I went up into the one pair of stairs room; there was no bed upon the bedstead, and in the two pair of stairs room, I found the woman at the bar, under the sacking of the bed; she seeing I had a pistol, begged I would not hurt her; she came from under the bed, and I took her down stairs, and delivered her to the watchman. At the time they were taking charge of her, the man at the bar came down with a blunderbuss in his hand, and said, he had been firing it up the chimney, believing there were thieves there. I stopped him, and asked him where he was going? he said he was going to Mr. Reynolds's house for more fire-arms, to fire up the other chimney below; I said he should not go till Mr. Reynolds came: when he came, I delivered him to him.
Q. Did you tell him you had got his wife?
Scott. No, I did not. They were both carried to the Compter; and on the Saturday, before my Lord Mayor. My Lord asked the man what he intended to do with the goods that were found in his apartment? he said, he did not take them with a view to sell them, but only to make a little money of them. As we were carrying them to the Compter, the woman said, she was very sorry for what she had done, but it was done, and there was no help for it: if she was to die, she was not the first that must die. I asked the man, which way they got in? he said, by breaking the cellar door: I went to Harp-alley, and saw the other things there.
Q. What name did the woman at the bar go by?
Scott. She was always known by the name of Pervis; I never heard of her being married to any body.
Q. What are you?
Scott. I am a painter, and live in one of Mr. Reynolds's houses.


                  Mary 
                  Walker 
               



            . The prisoners offered a looking-glass and eight pictures to me; I suspected they did not come honestly by them, and I stopped them: this was the night before they were taken up, about five o'clock.
Q. Where do you live?
M. Walker. I live at the Cross-keys and Star in Harp-alley.
John's Defence.
I came down stairs, when the people were in the house; Mr. Scott catched hold of my hand, and stopped me: I had met Mrs. Reynolds at her door; she gave me the blunderbuss, and desired me to fire up the chimney, which I did. I know nothing about the things. This woman by me, is my wife, instead of a better.
Jane's Defence.
I am this man's wife.
John 


               guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
Jane 

               Acquitted
            .
