





318. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Reaudolf 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing three linen sheets, value 6 s. and 19 guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Viner 
                        




                      
                  , Esq
; in the dwelling-house of the said Robert
            , May 11
. +


                  Robert 
                  Viner 
               



            , Esq; I live in St. George's parish, Hanover-square


; the fourth of May was the first time I missed any thing, then I missed about four or five guineas; I had in my pocket two or three and twenty guineas, on the eighth at night, and the next morning I missed nine of them; I was very much alarmed at it, I knew it must be somebody in the family; I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and told him the case, and desired a search-warrant; he said, there is no ear-mark to money, and advised me to mark some money, by which means it was most likely to find out the thief. I came home, and told my wife of it; she in my presence, marked fifteen or sixteen newish guineas with a scratch on all of them in one place, on the reverse to the head above the crown; I put them in my breeches-pocket, and went to bed, and laid my breeches as usual in a chair by the bed-side; in the morning I was surprized to miss fix of them; I said nothing at all, but went to Justice Spinnage, and got a search warrant; the Justice came to my house ; we intended to search all my servants; the prisoner was the first we searched; she was my wife's maid, she had lived with us about fifteen months; in her trunk we found about seventy or eighty guineas; among this money were fix particularly marked, in the manner my wife had marked those fifteen or sixteen; there were seven so marked; the seven guineas were all put in a paper, and sealed up by Mr. Spinnage, and delivered to the constable; they are now in court.

Cross examination.
Q. Had you any doubt about the guineas?
Mr. Viner. I had no doubt at all; I do not remember I made the least difficulty in the world about them, whether they were the same; I have some of the other guineas here which my wife marked; (six of them produced.)
Q. How much were the prisoner's wages a year?
Mr. Viner. Her wages was eight guineas a year; she had received no wages of me.
Q. How long had she lived with you?
Mr. Viner. I believe she lived with me about fifteen months.
Mrs. Viner. I marked fifteen or sixteen new guineas on Friday evening; I made a little scratch by the crown, and gave them to Mr. Viner, and he put them into his pocket; I was present when the prisoner's trunk was searched; we found six guineas in the trunk that were marked; there was another marked something like them, but I do not swear to that; I believe there were near seventy guineas in her trunk.
Cross examination.
Q. When you saw the guineas, whether you was not very doubtful whether they were the guineas you had marked?
Mrs. Viner. I did say I was afraid they were part of the money; but to speak the truth, I was not doubtful; it gave me a great deal of uneasiness.
Q. Do you know she had some money left her?
Mrs. Viner. She says her father had left her 50 l. in the country, and I asked her mother, and she confirmed it.


                  John 
                  Rogers 
               



            . I am a constable; this parcel of money was delivered into my care on the 11th of May, (producing seven guineas, sealed in paper with Justice Spinnage's seal.) The prisoner was re-examined on the 12th, I was then gone upon duty at the house of commons; they sent for the key, and my wife sent the money sealed up to the Justice's, and whether they were opened there or not I cannot say; this looks to be the same paper, and the seal is firm; (the paper broken, and seven guineas taken out;) the Court and Jury compare and inspect them with the other six produced by Mr. Viner.


                  Thomas 
                  Adams 
               



            . On the 11th of last month Mr. Viner applied to Major 
               
                  Spinnage
               


             (to whom I am clerk;) he obtained a search-warrant, and I was ordered to assist the constable in examining the prisoner's box, at Mr. Viner's house; the suspicion was against the prisoner at the bar; her trunk was brought into Mr. Viner's parlour by some of his servants; it was opened in the presence of Mr. and Mrs. Viner, the constable, and myself; the prisoner was present, when her wearing apparel was taken out; in a short space of time I discovered a paper snuff-box; I took it out, I found it to be very weighty; I brought it to a table, and opened it; I found it almost full of guineas, half guineas, and some silver; I counted it, and found there were 65 guineas in gold, (exclusive of the 7 now in court,) seven half guineas, and 13 s. in silver. Either Mr. Viner or his lady told me in what manner the guineas he had missed were marked, before the trunk was opened; I began to look out for guineas as they had been described to me; I found seven, I believe they were new guineas, they are these produced by the constable; they were all marked alike, as near as could be, and sealed up by Mr. Spinnage's seal, who came in at the time, and put into the hands of the constable; I went to Mr. Roger's house, desiring he would come and bring the money, at her second examination, to Mr. Spinnage; Mr. Rogers was not at home, but he came there a few hours after; Mrs. Rogers delivered the money in the paper out of a chest of drawers; it never was opened at the office.
Cross examination.
Q. Was you at the Justice's the whole time the guineas were there?
Adams. I was, and am sure they were not opened?
Q. to Mrs. Viner. Did you miss any thing else?
Mrs. Viner. There were three sheets of mine in the prisoner's trunk, they are what we call servants sheets; they might come with something in them from our country-house.
Prisoner's defence.
I have some witnesses here to my character.
To her character.
Fredrick Cook. I am a confectioner; I have known the prisoner about seven years; she lived with me almost three years, and behaved very faithful and honest; she was my shop-maid.
Q. When did she leave your service?
Cook. Between four and five years ago; I know nothing of her character since she left my service.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Trevor 
               



            . I am a gentlewoman; I have known her between fifteen and sixteen years; she lodged in the same house with me, with her father and mother; she then bore a very honest character; I know her father had money in the stocks when he died.



                  Catharine 
                  Cook 
               



            . I have known her fourteen or fifteen years, I never heard any thing amiss of her; her mother lodged eight years next door to me.
Q. Do you know whether her father left her any money?
C. Cook. I did hear he had money in the stocks.


                  Catharine 
                  Clayton 
               



            . I live at Marybone; I have known her fourteen years; she was always a very sober industrious girl; I know her father died worth an hundred pounds, and her mother lent it me; I have it now.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Alderan 
               



            . I have known her twenty years; I never heard any other character of her but that of a good one.


                  Amy 
                  Gordon 
               



            . I live in Brick-street, St. Giles's; I have known her two years; she is a very good, honest, well behaved girl; she lived with my mother near three years ago; she was very often trusted with great value.


                  Anne 
                  Reaudolf 
               



            . I am the prisoner's sister; my father left her 50 l. I believe it was paid to her; she always bore the best of characters; my father had three children; he left me and my other sister 20 l. each; my other sister was married.
Q. to Mrs. Viner. What character had you with the prisoner?
Mrs. Viner. I had her character of a particular friend of mine, they were brought up play-fellows together; she knowing the family, recommended her to me as a very honest, handy girl, and I found her a very handy girl. 


               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
