






156. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Smith 
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 9th of June, 1766

, about the hour of two in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gilbert 
                        



                     
                  , did break and enter, and stealing 5 s. 7 d. in money numbered, the property of the said John, in his dwelling-house
            . ||


                  John 
                  Gilbert 
               



            . I did keep a cheesemonger's and grocer's shop in Chiswell-street





 last June was twelvemonth; there was only one door to my house, that was fastened, and also my shutters; as I was lying in bed with my wife and child, I was awaked a little after two with the cry, help, help; I jumped out of bed, and heard a running down stairs; I ran down naked, and saw 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Carter 
               



             my brother in-law, and the prisoner, tumbling about in the street pretty near the kennel; I fell upon the prisoner, he struggled very hard to get away; I knew him immediately, he had been an opposite neighbour to me; he called me by my name, and said I used him very ill; my wife got to the chamber window, and called murder or thieves; two watchmen came, and we secured the prisoner; when we had got our clothes on, we found he had got in at a flap, by taking up the wooden frame of a cellar window, which had never been opened while I lived there; from the cellar he opened the door, which goes up into the house; he had drawn the staples, and cracked the bolt; there appeared the mark of some iron instrument, by which it was wrenched open; in searching my till I missed all my loose halfpence, I can swear to 7 or 8 d. and in searching a drawer on the grocery side I missed a parcel of farthings; he was committed to Clerkenwell Bridewell, and he broke out, and was advertised, five guineas reward for taking him; he was not taken till last Monday se'nnight.


                  Samuel 
                  Carter 
               



            . I boarded and lodged with my brother the prosecutor; about two o'clock that night, I was in my bed in a room on the same floor with my brother's; I thought I heard a noise like the shutting the shop door; I went to sleep again: some time after I thought I heard something in my room; I turned my head, and saw the prisoner with my breeches in his hand; he flung them down and ran towards me, in order to fall upon me; I jumped out on the other side before he could catch me; then he ran down stairs, I followed him; I made a noise on purpose to alarm my brother; I laid hold of the prisoner as he was opening the shop door; he opened it as I had hold of him, and got out; I never let go my hold; I had nothing on but my shirt; I got him on his back in the street; my brother came down in his shirt to my assistance; we secured him; the clock struck three while we were looking about to see where he got in.
Q. Was the sun up?
Carter. No, it was not, but it was not dark; the prisoner was without his shoes; they were found with the toe of one in the other, under a neighbour's shop window; we found the frame of the window had been wrenched quite up, and the door that comes up out of the cellar was wrenched open, as if done with a chisel, by a mark which we found.


                  James 
                  Horn 
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 9th of June will be two years, I heard an outcry in Chiswell-street; I went there and saw Mr. Gilbert and his brother had hold of the prisoner.
Q. Was this before sun-rising?
Horn. It was; I assisted, and we carried him to the watch-house, and from thence to Bridewell; we did not search him.
Prisoner's defence.
I did not rob the house, nor yet break it open; I had been out with an acquaintance and was coming by, I saw the door open; I being a neighbour went in, and up stairs, and opened the room door; the man rose up in his bed and cried, murder and thieves; I was frighted out of my wits, and ran down stairs; he followed me, and took me by the collar, and pulled me down; I did not struggle at all; I am a Swede
.



               Acquitted
            .
(M.) He was a second time indicted for 


               breaking the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Judah 
                        



                     
                  , on the 15th of February

 about the hour of one in the night, and stealing one silver salt, value 12 s. one pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10 s. one pair of leather pumps, value 2 s. one cloth coat, value 5 s. one linen sheet, value 5 s. and two iron pokers, value 5 s. the property of the said Abraham, in his dwelling-house
            . ||


                  Abraham 
                  Judah 
               



            . I am a colour-maker
 in Chiswell-street



; we having been robbed three or four times, the last time was the 15th of February instant, about one in the morning; that night I had three people sitting up in my parlour with firearms, to watch who came; in the morning a little after one I was alarmed, and told they had taken the thief; I came down, they had him in the watch-house; I went there, there I saw the prisoner and my two iron pokers, they are to be used at a large oven in my business; they are three yards long; the prisoner had worked for me two years, about three years ago, as a weekly servant
; he confessed he took the pokers; he also confessed he had stole a silver salt from me one night before, and had sold it at Islington.


                  William 
                  Conway 
               



            . I am a watchman, The prisoner was coming along with these two iron pokers on his shoulder; I asked him where he was going; he said, to Islington; I said he was going the wrong way; I made him pitch them down by the watch-house, and secured him; (the pokers produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.) The beadle sent me to call the prosecutor; I went; he came and owned the pockers.
Q. to prosecutor. Where were the pokers taken from?
Prosecutor. They were taken out of the manufactory, not out of the dwelling-house.


                  Uriah 
                  Judah 
               



            . I am son to the prosecutor. Our house having been broke open several times, I and two other men sat up four or five nights to watch; between twelve and one the 15th of February instant, we heard a bustling at the gate; the house stands up a yard about thirty yards from the gate; I sent up to let my father know; he came down; then we heard a bustle again; the gate was opened, there we found the watchman; we laid hold of him, and took him to the watch-house; there we found the pokers, and knew them to be my father's property; the prisoner upon being charged, confessed taking the things mentioned in the indictment, and begged for mercy, and wished we had taken him before when he took the other things, saying there would be an end of him.
Q. How did he say he got in to get the pokers?
Judah. He said he got over the lost at the top of the yard.


                  Leonard 
                  Crowther 
               



            . I am beadle; I was at the watch-house in Chiswell-street; Conway brought the prisoner in; a person there said, perhaps this is the man that has robbed Mr. Judah; I sent for him, and he owned the pokers; the prisoner then said, I am a dead man.
Q. Does the work-shop where the pokers were taken from, join to the dwelling-house?
Prosecutor. No, it does not.
Prisoner's defence.
I worked for the prosecutor two years; I desire he would give an account how I behaved.
Prosecutor. He behaved very well when in my service.




               Guilty of stealing 10 d. only
            . 


               T
            .
