





556. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Cunningham 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Belchier 
                  




                
            , Esq
; Sept. 16
. ++
William Belchier, Esq; On Wednesday the 16th of September, going from my house in Lombard-street to Fenchurch-street, by the corner of Birchin-lane


, I felt a man's hand in my pocket; I saw him draw it out, and cross the way; I immediately followed him; he made into Three King-court; I followed him there, and said, you are got into a court that is no thoroughfare, and now I shall catch you (there is a thoroughfare,) but he not knowing that, turned back, and endeavoured to push by me; I catched him by the arm, and stopt him, and took my handkerchief out of his hand; I got him into Lombard street, he there fell down, and would go no farther; there happened to be a neighbour of mine, he took hold of him, and led him to the Mansion-house; there being no body there to examine him, we took him to the Poultry Compter; there I saw him searched, and two other handkerchiefs found upon him; as we were going to the Mansion-house, he desired I would take a stick and give him a good lathering, and let him go; I said, you must take the consequence of the law, and if that will acquit you without lathering, I shall be very well satisfied.
Prisoner's defence.
Coming up Lombard-street, about eight o'clock, I saw a boy drop those handkerchiefs; I took them up, and put them all in my pocket but this; the gentleman came and catched hold of me, and asked me what I had there; I said a handkerchief, and gave it him; I have but one poor mother in the world, and if I go abroad she will perish; there are three children besides me; I fist tobacco at the Highlander, a tobacconist in East Smithfield, for four shillings a week.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
