





64. (M.). 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Deveaux 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk purse, value 1 penny, one half guinea, five quarter guineas, and one shilling, in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Adinal 
                  




                
            , October 26
. +


                  Rebecca 
                  Adinal 
               



            . My husband's name is Robert; we live in Holywell-street, behind St. Clement's Church


: my husband is a journeyman peruke-maker
: last night was seven weeks, I was washing in the parlour, between eight and nine at night; a neighbour came in for six pennyworth of half-pence; I went into the shop, and found my till on the ground; my purse was gone out of it, with five quarter guineas, and half a guinea, and a shilling: on the Tuesday after, a man brought the evidence here: the man asked me if I had not lost something on the Friday night? I said, yes: the boy boldly said, you lost five quarter guineas, half a guinea, and a shilling: he said he stole it: I asked him how he durst come in to steal it? he fell a laughing: the man said, there were three more of them at Justice Fielding's, and this little boy was admitted evidence, and desired me to go to Sir John: I went there, and saw the prisoner and two others tied together; there the boy said to the prisoner, Give the woman the purse: then the prisoner pulled this purse out of his waistcoat pocket, and gave it to me: (produced in court). I don't care to swear to it; I believe it is mine, which I have had twelve months.


                  Edward 
                  Mackrill 
               



            . I am going in the 16th year of my age: the prisoner came out of Tothill-fields Bridewell, on a Thursday, and he went along with me on the Friday, to this shop, in St. Clement's parish; he opened the door, and I kneeled down and went in on my hands and knees to the till, and took the gold out, as she has mentioned, and a shilling: I left the till on the ground; we divided the money going along: we went to the Black horse in St. Giles's Ruins.
Q. What share of the money had you?
Mackrill. I had half a guinea, a quarter guinea, and a share of another quarter guinea, half a crown, and three half-pence; he had the purse. We kept company till we were taken, which was the Monday following: we had a gold lac'd hat upon us, and were both taken up in Mynard-street, by St. Giles's: when we went to Mr. Fielding, I told him of this affair: 
               
                  Edward 
                  Wright 
               



             took us up.


                  Edward 
                  Wright 
               



            . I took up the prisoner, evidence, and another, all together, in a house in St. Giles's; there is a bill found against the third person at Hicks's Hall, for stealing the hat. The evidence told the whole affair before the Justice.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of that boy; he makes a common practice of going about to take people in: I did not come out of Bridewell till about seven that night he speaks of: my father keeps a barber's shop in Hog-lane.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
