





112. (M.) 
               
                  Hopkins 
                  Driver 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Holgate 
                  




                
            , February 20
. *


                  Thomas 
                  Holgate 
               



            . My father's name is 
               
                  George 
                  Holgate 
               



            . He lives by Holbourn Bars


, and keeps a cloaths shop
; there were about 20 coats hanging up at our window. Seeing the prisoner take one down, I went out at the door and saw him with it under his arm. I ran and took hold of him, but he drop'd the coat, and slip'd from me. I ran after him and left the coat on the ground. I took him again, and turn'd about to see for the coat, but it was gone.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the man that took it?
Holgate. I am; and he also own'd he took it, said it was of a blueish colour, and beg'd for mercy. I took him before justice Welch, and when the justice asked him what was become of the coat, he said he could not tell who had it.
Q. When was this?
Holgate. This was last Wednesday.


                  Alice 
                  Walker 
               



            . I saw a man take a coat from off a hook at the prosecutor's window, and also-saw 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Holgate 
               



             pursue him, but I cannot say that it was the prisoner; I did not take so much notice of him, as to know him again.


                  Adam 
                  Wood 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I hung a coat on the hook that morning, and it was taken away, but I was not by at the time.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going along and pick'd up a coat, and in the fright I drop'd it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


