





769. (L.) 
               
                  
                     TERENCE
                      HINES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a leather portmanteau, value 5 s. a cloth coat, value 20 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 5 s. a pair of worsted knit breeches, value 3 s. and a pair of linen drawers, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Wollaston
                        



                     
                  , Esq
; and three linen shirts, value 20 s. three linen neckcloths, value 10 s. two pair of cotton stockings, value 10 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 1 s. and a pair of mens leather shoes, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Stearne
                     



, Oct. 7
. ++



                     John
                      Stearne
                  



               
            . The things were packed up in my master's portmanteau, in Suffolk, and were sent by the Stow market waggon, to the Ipswich Arms in London.
- Parsonage deposed, that the portmanteau arrived at the Ipswich Arms on the 7th of October; that he put the portmanteau into a coach, to take it to Wimpole-street, and that he rode upon the box; that when be came to deliver it, the portmanteau was missing; that when he got home, he found the prisoner in custody.


                  James
                   King
               



             deposed, that about seven o'clock of the same night that the portmanteau was lost, he saw the prisoner bring it into Leadenhall market, and endeavour to hide it, when he observed the witness watching him; that he asked him who the portmanteau belonged to, and the prisoner first said it was his master's, but upon his insisting to go with him to his master's, he frankly confessed he had stole it.
The constable produced the portmanteau, &c. which was deposed to by Stearne.
The prisoner said in his defence; that he found the portmanteau; that he was in liquor, and did not know what he said to King.
He called several witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
