





286. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      CATHERINE CAMERON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six linen shifts, two linen petticoats, four laced muslin aprons, four linen table cloths, four blankets, two linen sheets, a cotton gown, eight linen towels, a stuff petticoat, two linen handkerchiefs, two pair of silk stockings, and two damask linen napkins, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Cartwright
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John
                         Owen
                     



. *
(The prisoner being a foreigner, an interpreter was sworn.)


                  Mary
                   Cartwright
               



            . The prisoner lodged at my father's house; I found out that we had been robbed last Sunday was three weeks; when I opened my box and missed my things, a gentleman that was there said it must be done by somebody in the house, and that he suspected one Cameron, who used to keep company with the prisoner; that he had taken some ruffles out of pawn that were pawned by Cameron: I went immediately to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, who gave me an order to Mr. Peel the pawn-broker; I went to Mr. Peel, and he produced the things that are produced here; when she came home at night, I told her I had sufficient proof she had taken the things, and if she did not confess it, I would have a constable that night, but if she would own it she should stay there till morning, and then she owned taking of them.


                  Peter
                   Beel
               



            , the pawnbroker, produced six shifts, an apron, a napkin, two muslin handkerchiefs, one laced handkerchief, two laced hoods, one cap, two cambrick handkerchiefs, and two pillow cases, which were all pawned for 25 s. all produced and deposed to.
- Peel. I took them in of the prisoner; she appeared then in a much different manner; she was always very genteelly dressed; I live in great Portland-street.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.




               Guilty of stealing to the value of 30 s.
            



               T
            .
