





586. (M.) 
               
                  
                     EDWARD
                      BICKLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two woollen waistcoats, value 5 s. a linen shirt, value 3 s. a silk handkerchief, value 3 s. a pair of woollen stockings, value 1 s. a pair of base metal shoe buckles, value 1 s. a pair of men's leather shoes, value 2 s. and a silver watch, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Owen
                            Cosgrave
                        



                     
                  ; a woollen waistcoat, value 2 s. a pair of men's leather shoes, value 1 s. a pair of base metal shoe buckles, value 1 s. and a linen handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David
                      Marshall
                  



               
            , July 27th
. *


                  Owen
                   Cosgrave
               



            . I am a bricklayer
, and lodge in Dyer-street


. On the 7th of July last, about three in the morning, I missed two bundles; the prisoner was brought up by the landlord with two bundles in which all my things were, except the watch and some of the other prosecutor (Marshall's) goods.


                  David
                   Marshall
               



             I lay in the same bed with Mr. Cosgrave; the prisoner lay in the same room; being awake about three in the morning I saw him go out of the room with two bundles under his left arm; I awaked Cosgrave and rose myself; I presently missed my shirt; I ran down stairs, and stopped the prisoner at the door; I saw the prisoner drop two bundles down the kitchen stairs; they were brought up in these bundles; they were my goods. (They were produced in Court and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
