





364. (2d L.) 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL
                      SAMUELS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a watch, the inside case metal, the outside case gold, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Batson
                  




               
            , March 2d
. ~


                  John
                   Batson
               



            . On the 2d of March, about two in the afternoon, as I was going along Fleet-street, there was a considerable crowd, owing to the procession of Welch gentleman that day. Near Vine-office court, Fleet-street


, the prisoner and some more met me; they were suspicious persons; I had some ladies to take care of; I had the caution to take care of my handkerchief, but not the caution to take care of my watch; I left the chain hanging out, I observed they all came close about me; I did not feel my watch taken; the prisoner came very near me; I put my hand towards my pocket, and missed my watch immediately; I seized hold of him, when he had not got from me above two yards; on challenging him, I saw him drop it out of his hand, by which the glass broke; I took him to the Globe-tavern.


                  Thomas
                   Burnell
               



            . I was standing on that day to see the Welch procession; I did not see the prisoner do any thing to the prosecutor, but I saw Mr. Batson take hold of the prisoner with the watch in his hand; the chain hung down; I saw him drop the watch out of his hand; upon that we secured him, and went to the Globe-tavern; he acknowledged he had taken it from the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was in company with several other persons; being a great crowd, somebody had taken the watch, and endeavoured to put it into my pocket.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
