






131. ( 2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      MARTIN
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving thirty-seven yards of printed cotton; the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph
                            Tawlin
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Emerson
                        



                     
                  , he well knowing the said cotton to be stolen
            , Dec. 1
.
The record of the conviction of 
               
                  Henry
                   Welch
               



            , for stealing the said cotton, was read in court. ++
++ See the Trial of 
               
                  Henry
                   Welch
               



            , No. 91, Last session.


                  William
                   Edwards
               



            . I manufactured this cotton, I lost four pieces of printed callico; I saw them on the 4th, I missed them on the 5th, one Welch was convicted for stealing them at the last sessions.


                  Charles
                   Grubb
               



            . I am a constable, on Tuesday fortnight I saw the prisoners wife coming by Hogg-Lane, they live near there, she had then a bundle under her arm, covered over with an old blanket, having heard of this matter, I was determined to follow her home: when I came into the house, I saw her husband the prisoner I asked her what she had got under her arm, she said, only some old blankets that she had taken from her lodgers, this have some old houses just by, which they let out in lodgings, the husband then said, poh, poh, they are only some old blankets, come with me up stairs, I will shew you more of them; that raised my suspicion more, I had the bundle opened and I found a sack under the blankets and in the sack was the cotton mentioned in the indictment. I took it way.
William Edward's cross examined.
Q. Whether you have not worked up great quantities of cotton, of the same sort and whether this might not be some other, and not a part of the four pieces of linen, Welch stole.
Edwards. I have worked up fifty pieces I believe, but all the rest, but those Welch stole were finished, this is not finished and I am very positive this is one of the four pieces I missed the 5th of Nov. last.
"Moulson Hodges. Deposed that the cotton
"produced was the property of Messrs. Tawlin
"and Emerson, whom Mr. Edward's work for."


                  Elizabeth
                   Shields
               



            . I live with one Mrs. Wade, who keeps a broker's shop; when she was gone out the prisoner came in and sat down in the back parlour, that is a dark room, soon after that Welch came into the shop, and asked me if I would buy some new linen. I said no, we never buy any new linen: upon this Welch went out, then Martin stepped forward and said, what had the man to sell; said I some new linen; he said call him back again, I did call him, he asked him what he had got there, he told him, then the prisoner asked him what he asked a yard for it, he said twenty-pence; he was going to buy it by the yard, but I refusing to go out to borrow a yard, as there was no-body to be left in the house, he asked him what he would sell it for; to lump it what do you ask for the whole of it, said he; Welch told him thirty shillings, he bid him twenty shillings, and at last bought it for a guinea, he had seventeen shillings, and before he had paid for the whole, my mistress came in and lent him four shillings. Martin would have had me carry it home to his house, I would not go then, he said to my mistress do you put this in your apron and go for my wife wants to speak with you and you may take the four shillings of her. He does not live above twelve doors from my mistresses.
Cross Examination.
Q. What time did the man come in?
Shields. About twelve at noon on a Monday.
Grubb. My Lord, very unfair practices have been made use of in order to prevent this man's coming to justice; they took this girl last night and made her drunk, and got a post chaise to carry her into the country, if I had not taken her into custody; she would have been carried off last night, and the prisoner's friends have given her the cloaths she has on.
Court. Where did you get that hat and gown?
Shields. Mrs. Martin gave them to me.
Prisoner's Defence.
I leave it to my counsel.
A witness for the Prisoner.
Q. What are you?
A. I belong to his Majesty's houshold.
Q. In what office?
A. I am a Marshalsea court officer, I have known the prisoner seven years; I believe he is a general broker, and deals in all sorts of furniture. I never knew him but to be a man of good character.


                  Samuel
                   Oakes
               



            . I am a gun-maker, I live opposite the the prisoner; I have known him seven years, I never heard any thing against his character. I had some small dealings with him


                  Mark
                   Lovel
               



            . I am a shoemaker, I have known him three years, I never heard any reflection upon him.
- Berry. I am a butcher, I have known him eight or 9 years, he has a very good character.
- Kennedy. I have known him sixteen years, he has a good character; I have dealt with him myself.
Prisoner. The girl and her mistress about eight weeks ago, came to me at my own house and said there was a countryman of her's, (an Irishman) had some cloth, I went to look at it, she went with me, he said they are remnants; he asked me two shillings, I said I would give him twenty-pence; I asked him how he came by it, he said from Ireland. After I heard of his being taken, I said I gave a fair price for it, nor did I know he had stole it; I put down a guinea, the cloth lay in her open shop. That girl has been bribed upon several occasions, her mistress is an infamous woman; she was prosecuted for receiving these things last sessions, she said then, she knew of no more things; since that she has turned evidence against me, she stood indicted last Monday to be tried here. The constable is an infamous man and the justices are not too good.



               Guilty
            



               T. Fourteen Years
            .
