





455. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Ingram
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a watch, the inside case gold, the outside case pinchbeck, value 5 l. one silver seal, value 4 s. one cloath waistcoat, value 3 s. one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 10 s. and three guineas, one half guinea, one quarter of a guinea, and 3 s. 6 d. in money; numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Alexander
                         Gardner
                     



                  , in the dwelling house of a person unknown
            , May 17
. +


                     Alexander
                      Gardner
                  




               
            . About the 17th of May, I am not certain to the day. I was coming home about ten at night; I came to the sign of the Beehive, in a lane going down to Wapping, at the top of Nightingale lane; going past the door the prisoner and some other women asked me to treat them with a pot of beer; they said they would join with me. I went in with them; then they asked me to treat them with some lobsters; I had got a little drop and was merry; I paid 6d. for three lobsters; then she called in a friend of hers, who she called Carraty Sall, 
               
                  Sall
                   Smith
               



            ; she partook along with us. I was coming down stairs; the prisoner said, I will go home with you; I said I did not want her company; so she said, a going along. Well, come in here, in Red Cross-street


; this is my lodgings; so I was persuaded, sure enough, and went in with her; she told me the house was her own. Carroty Sall went out for a pint of beer; I took my watch out, and said I could not stay long: she asked me if I would not stay all night; I refused it, and said I would not; at last I agreed to stay all night; then Carroty Sall walked out, and said, Strip, and go to bed; upon which I did; I had not been in bed above two minutes when the prisoner came to the door; she knocked at the door; I said, Who is it? she said it is me; her partner let her in; when they came in they fell making their fun about me; in two or three minutes they walked out of the room, not thinking they had been robbing me, for they had been tickling me in their funny ways; after they had run out of the door I ran after them; thinking they were making their game of me; not thinking they had robbed me; I ran out after them, and this prisoner had got my waistcoat; I run out several yards from the door after her; I catched hold of her; bringing her in again, I heard the rattling of the halfpence I had in my pocket; I said, What are you about, you have took my cloaths? she said, I was only going to dress myself in your cloaths: then she said, I wonder what is become of the other girl, she has gone off and left us; I said, I don't suppose she is; then she put down my waistcoat and went off; then I suspected they had stolen my things. I examined my breeches, and found my things were stolen. I cried out, I was robbed; one 
               
                  Robert
                   Jenkins
               



            , who lodged up stairs, came to my assistance; there were three bullies, and I don't know how many women, I suppose to murder me; the prisoner put the candle out three times; the prisoner came again afterwards and said, Here is your waistcoat, take it and see whether the things are in the pocket; there were about three halfpence in the pocket, and they had stole all the things mentioned in the indictment. I was afterwards in the watch house; I being anxious after my watch, said, Pray return my watch, if you have got it, and keep the rest of the things and welcome; upon which they called me Scotch bougger, and said they wished it had been twice as much.


                  Robert
                   Jenkins
               



            . I, lodged in the house; I heard a noise; the gentleman complained he had been robbed; there was a mob; the prisoner came there and said. The other girl, describing her, desires you will not make a noise here, but desires you will go to the Beehive, she waits there for you.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was standing at the door, very dry after washing; I desired the prosecutor to join for a pot, which he did; we had some lobsters; two people came in; I got up and went away; I heard no more of it till I heard a mob in the house, then I came in to endeavour to find the things he had lost.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            , 


               T
            .
