





538. (L) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      RICE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 70 lb of Vermilion, value ten pounds
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Pugh
                  




               
            , June 1st
. ++


                  Jonathan
                   Puncheon
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Pugh, an oil-merchant and soap-maker
. On the first of June, about eleven minutes before eleven at night, a watchman called me up, and informed me the warehouse had been robbed; and at the outside of the threshold of the door, I found three bags of vermilion; there were three such bags missing; they were kept in a cask: I found them missing the next morning: the prisoner had been porter to Mr. Stone; he was discharged from his service about April was twelve months.


                  John
                   Godfrey
               



            . I am a constable; on the 1st of June, about a quarter before eleven, the prisoner was brought to the watch-house, by two watchmen, who charged him with breaking open Mr. Stone's cellar, in Great St. Helen's; I examined him, and found in his pocket a tinder-box with tinder; a flint, steel, a bunch of matches and a bit of candle, (producing them) he said, there were two other men concerned with him in taking this vermillion out of the cellar, but would not tell their names. He said, they brought it up and he took it from them. When he was taken by the watchmen, he threw this key from him ( producing it) which opens the padlock of the cellar.


                  Frincis
                   Whetherick
               



            . I am a watchman in Great St. Helen's, where this warehouse is, on the first of June about a quarter before eleven, I heard the help of the door rattle, as if the padlock was taking off the staple. I went up to the door and saw the prisoner, and the three bags of vermillion at his feet; I asked him what business he had there, he said he was only making water; I told him he must go to the watch house, and give a better account of himself; I called another watchman to assist me, as we were going to the watch-house, I heard him drop something, the other watchman picked it up, it was a key, which I saw tried to the lock.


                  Edward
                   Wright
               



            , the other watchman, confirmed the evidence of Whetherick.
Q. to the Constable. Was there any promise made to him, when he said the other two men were concerned with him, and gave it him out of the cellar.
Godfrey. It was said, if he told who the men were, and Mr. Stone and Mr. Pugh, got their things again, he might be admitted an evidence.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was very drunk that night; there were two men had gambled all my money from me, they told me, if I would stay there while they went down into the cellar, they would give me the money they had won of me.

For the Prisoner.
Pritchard. I knew the prisoner while he lived with Mr. Stone, he always appeared honest, though not very sober.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


