







434, 435, 436. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      HYDE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE
                      ANDERSON
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      BRYAN
                  



               
            , were indicted; the two first for 


               stealing one silk cloak, value 9 s. one linen gown, value 9 s. six linen handkerchiefs, value 3 s. one linen shift, value 6 d. one check linen apron, value 1 s. four linen laced caps, value 4 s. two plain linen caps, value 2 s. five linen ruffles, value 2 s. one linen hood, value 6 d. one yard and a half of silk ribbon, value 4 d. two half guineas, and ten shillings and sixpence in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Eleanor
                      Cummings
                  



               
            , widow, June 4

. The other for 


               receiving a linen handkerchief and a check apron, knowing them to have been stolen
            . ~


                  Eleanor
                   Jelson
               



            . My name was Cummings: I am since married. On the 4th of June I went out of my lodging, locked my door, and left the things safe; I had the key in my pocket; when I returned I found the door open, and the things gone; I found Hyde afterwards in a public house, and the things upon her.


                  Thomas
                   Egan
               



            . The former witness and the prisoner Hyde both lodged at my house; Hyde came on the 29th of May. On the 4th of June I had been out; when I came home in the evening, about five o'clock, the prosecutrix informed me her door was broke open, her things stole, and the prisoner Hyde was gone. Bryan came a few days before to see Hyde, and left word she should be glad to see her at the Hercules and Pillars, George-street, Soho; the prosecutrix and I went to that house about nine o'clock, and found Hyde; she had the cloak, handkerchief, and ribband on; I took her to the round house; she owned before the Justice she took the things, and said they were pawned in Prince's-street, Leicester-fields; the prosecutrix and I went there, and found the things (repeating them. They are produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix).


                  Richard
                   Barnet
               



            . I am a constable: on the 4th of June Egan and Cummings brought the prisoner Hyde to my house; I took her to the round house; Anderson was with her; she said he was her husband; then she told me where the things were pawned, and they were found, according to her direction, by Hyde and Anderson; I took up Bryan the same night at her lodging. I found a check apron of the prosecutrix's she had hid in the bed.


                  John
                   Wood
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Murphy, a pawnbroker, in Prince's-street, Soho; the prisoner Hyde pawned these things. I was at the justice's when she was taken up; she did not own it there as I heard.
- Hewetson. I am a constable: I was with Barnet at the lodging of Bryan; I found this handkerchief (producing it) in the bed. (The handkerchief and apron were deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Hyde's Defence.
My husband 
               
                  William
                   Hyde
               



             gave me the things to pawn; I know nothing more of it.
Bryan's Defence.
I know nothing of the handkerchief and apron being stole no more than the child unborn: Hyde gave them me to wash.
HYDE 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
The other two 

               acquitted
            .
