






654. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      JAMES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen counterpane, value 10 s. a blanket, value 5 s. a pair of linen sheets, value 3 s. and one linen pillowbier, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Dickenson
                  




               
            , Sept. 18
. *


                  Thomas
                   Dickinson
               



            . I live near the Seven Dials


; there was a fire next door to me on the 18th of September; I moved great part of my things; among others of my things that were lost were this counterpane and sheets, and other things that were upon my bed, up one pair of stairs; the prisoner having offered some of these things to sell, he was taken up. I do not know that the prisoner took the things, they were brought to me after the prisoner was taken up; (the things produced). I am pretty positive as to the counterpane, that that is the counterpane that lay on my bed at the time of the fire.


                  Elizabeth
                   Cox
               



            . I am the prosecutor's housekeeper: I know these are all his property.


                  William
                   Halliburton
               



            . I am a constable: the fire was on a Saturday; on the Tuesday following I was going along Great Earle-street. I saw, about noon, the prisoner talking to a Jew; the prisoner said the people where they are, are in want of money, I can let you have them a bargain for ready money; hearing this conversation it took my curiosity; I followed the prisoner and the Jew; at last they came to an old iron shop; the prisoner went into that or the next house, and left the Jew into the street; I went into the public house and watched them; at last I saw the prisoner beckon the Jew; then I came out of the public house; the Jew was gone; I went up to this iron shop, and there I saw the prisoner in the back part of the shop packing up some things of this kind; I went to him and asked how he came by those things; he without making any answer flung by me, and ran out of the shop, and almost knocked down Martin Hossman, who I desired to observe what passed, and ran away; we pursued him; he was taken a little while after, and was brought back; he said then, these things had been bought by his wife; before the Justice of Peace he declared where he lodged, but we found nothing of these things at his lodgings; these things now produced I saw this man packing up in the iron shop.


                  Martin
                   Hoffman
               



             confirmed Halliburton's evidence.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, but called several witnesses to his character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
