





314. (L.) 
               
                  
                     ISAAC
                      LAZARUS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Walter
                            Matthew
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Jasper
                            Holmes
                        



                     
                   on the 31st of January
, about the hour of nine in the night, and stealing one cheese 24 lb, value 8 s.
             the property of the said 
               
                  Walter
                   Matthews
               



             and 
               
                  Jasper
                   Holme
               



            's, in their dwelling house. ||
Josper Holmes, I am a cheesemonger
, in partnership with 
               
                  Walter
                   Matthews
               



            ; the house is jointly rented between us both; I occupy the house where this fact was done: the lower part is a warehouse; I occupy the upper part of it; the warehouse is occupied by the partnership; the upper part I live in; Mr. Matthews occupies the upper part of the shop, and I the upper part of the warehouse; the warehouse door was fastened on the Saturday night; we never open it on Sunday; it was found broke open on Sunday evening, the 31st of January; I did not see any appearance of force; I look upon it the lock was picked; there was a cheese missing; it was found on the prisoner.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner?
Holmes. No.


                  John
                   Squires
               



            . I am one of the constables: going into the watch-house opposite Mr. Holmes's I saw a man stand in the passage, which I did not like; I went past Mr. Holmes's house; when I came back, I saw the prisoner come out of the house, as if he had something under his arm; he and another man crossed towards me; I looked at them; I knew they were not Mr. Holmes's servants; they were going towards Cheapside; they turned about and went down St. Martin's-le-grand; then the prisoner gave the cheese to the other man; I followed them down St. Martin's-le-grand, and saw the prisoner take the cheese from the other man again. I followed him to Maiden-lane and looked him full in the face; he said, D - n your eyes, why do you look at me; I said is there any harm in looking at you; he said, D - n you, yes; I said I believe you are a thief, and insist on knowing what you have got; I laid hold of his collar; I said you have been robbing Mr. Holmes in Panyer's-alley; he gave me a blow on the temples and ran as fast as the could; I called stop thief, and he was stopped.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been to take a coach at the Bell, in Holborn, for my aunt; coming home to Angel-alley, Bishopsgate-street, I went to ease myself by Warwick-lane; I saw a bag lie and packed it up, as another man would do; the man laid hold of me going home, and asked me what I had got; I told him what I had found; he said I had stole it; I said no I had not; he said I should go to the Compter; I was very willing to go with him.
Squires. He swore he would do for me if he got clear; he threatened me at the Mansion-house.
For the Prisoner.
Rush Antrobus. I have known the prisoner from his infancy; he has a wife and one child: I never knew any harm of him, nor ever heard of any in my life.


                  Sarah
                   Gardner
               



            . I have known the prisoner a twelve-month, by living in a room even with him: I never heard any harm of him; I have trusted him in my room.
- Abraham. I have known the prisoner twenty years; he is a very honest industrious man.




               Guilty of stealing the cheese, but not of the burglary
            . 


               T
            .
