





159. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth
                      Jones
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one man's hat, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Neale
                        




                     
                  , privately, in his shop
            , February 13
. ||


                  John
                   Neale
               



            . I am a hatter
. I live in Bond-street


. I was out on the thirteenth of this month; I came home, before seven o'clock: I went into my back room, where my people were at work. About half an hour after that, I came into the shop; I found the door open, and suspected somebody had been in the shop. I examined the hats in the window, and missed three: I had seen them before I went out. I went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             next morning, to inform him what had happened, and to know how to proceed. I put an advertisement in the paper. In going home, I went to Mr. Murthwaite, a neighbouring pawnbroker, and told him, that if any thing of that sort should be brought to pledge, to desire he would stop them. On Friday night the pawnbroker came to me, and informed me one hat was brought to pledge. I went to see it, and knew it to be my hat. I went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             afterwards; the woman came again to the house, and she was stopped (the hat produced.) I am sure it is mine; there is a private mark now in the head, under the lining.


                  Robert
                   Holland
               



            . I saw the hat in the window at three in the afternoon. I am Mr. Neale's journeyman. I am perpetually in the shop; I am sure no hat was sent out of the shop; my hand-writing is in the corner of it.


                  Richard
                   Murthwaite
               



            . I took in this hat of the prisoner; she had used my shop some time, therefore I did not ask her any questions. I lent her six shillings upon the hat; she came again, and wanted me to buy it: having had notice from Mr. Neale, I stopped her.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a poor woman of the town. A man came and staid with me; he was to have given me some money, but he had none; then he gave me his hat, and gave me liberty to pawn it, if he did not bring the money by twelve o'clock next day: he did not come, so I pawned the hat.
She called 
               
                  Sarah
                   Young
               



            , who deposed, that she went into the prisoner's apartments to light a candle, and saw a man that was with her give her a hat. And 
               
                  Sarah
                   Glover
               



            , who had known her fifteen years, swears she is a modest woman.
The prosecutor was asked if the hat appeared to have been worn, which he answered in the negative.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d
            . 


               T
            .
