





18. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      FLETCHER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a green cloth waistcoat trimmed with gold lace, value 20 s. one gold tissue waistcoat, value 40 s. two cloth waistcoats, value 30 s. and one pair of leather breeches, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        Samuel
                         Wollaston
                     



                  , Esq; in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        James
                         Manley
                     



, Nov. 5th
. ++


                     Samuel
                      Wollaston
                  




               
            , Esq
. I lodged at Mr. Manley's: I was out of town when my clothes were stolen: I had not seen them for two months; the prisoner had been my servant
 ten years; I trusted him with the care of the clothes; in October last I sent him up stairs for a particular coat; he did not return.


                  William
                   Trip
               



            . On the 1st of February 1772, a person brought a waistcoat to me, in the name of 
               
                  William
                   Fletcher
               



            ; I do not know his person.


                  John
                   Wood
               



            . I am a pawnbroker: I took in of the prisoner, in pawn, four coats and three waistcoats at different times; the first was a pair of stockings, on the 8th of February 1773; the two coats and a waistcoat on the 24th of August; a waistcoat on the 6th and another on the 9th of July; a pair of buckles on the 14th of June; they were all brought by the prisoner; the last time he was at my house was on the 14th of September. (The goods are all produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  James
                   Manley
               



            . Mr. Wollaston lodged in my house. The duplicates were brought by the prisoner's wife two or three days after he was gone from his master.
Prisoner. I leave myself to the mercy of the court.




               Guilty of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            



               T
            .
