








242, 243. (1st L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Davis
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     George
                      Dawson
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Arnold
                  





               
            , Feb. 27

. ++


                  Joseph
                   Arnold
               



            . I am a victualler
, and live in St. Thomas's, Southwark



. I had my house broke open between the hours of one and three in the morning, on the 27th of February: they got over a wall, and took out a pane of glass, and broke in; they took thirty or forty shillings in half-pence, and a pair of shoe and knee-buckles: the till and the money were taken away: the pawn-broker is here with whom they were pawned.


                  James
                   Bruin
               



            . I am a pawn-broker. The prisoner Dawson, on the twenty-third of February, about six in the evening, brought me the buckles; he asked eight shillings: he came back in half an hour, and asked me to buy them; I said I had enough to sell, and refused buying them: he staid in the shop two minute, I believe; his coming back to offer to sell them, made me take particular notice of him. I am certain he is the man. I saw him again before the alderman on the Monday, I believe; know nothing of Davis.
Dawson's Defence.
I bought the buckles of a young man at the Magpie in the Fleet-market: I had not money enough; he said I might pawn them, and that would make up the money to pay him.
Davis, 

               Acquitted
            .
Dawson, 

               Guilty
            



               T
            .
They were a second time indicted for 


               stealing on the 27th of February, one pair of silver knee buckles
            , the property of 
               
                  Joseph
                   Arnold
               



            , February 27

. ++
Both 

               Acquitted
            .
