





395. (L.) 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL
                      POWELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Lovegrove
                  




               
            , Feb. 25th
. +


                  Thomas
                   Lovegrove
               



            . I lost a silver watch on the 25th of February, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon: I used to hang it over the chimney piece in the kitchen; I saw it hang there at three o'clock, there was nobody in the kitchen, but the prisoner; we keep a chandler's shop, and the prisoner deals with us, he is a seafaring man; he was brought to me the same day by Simons; Simons asked me if I had lost any thing; I told him I had lost a watch about an hour before; he asked if I should know it, I said yes, if I saw it; he pulled it out of his pocket, and I said directly that is my watch.


                  Mary
                   Lovegrove
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Lovegrove
               



            ; my husband's watch hung over the mantle piece in the kitchen; the prisoner came in and asked for something to drink, about three o'clock; I gave him some small beer; I desired him to go into the kitchen; he staid about three quarters of an hour; there was nobody in the kitchen but him; in about ten minutes after he was gone out, I missed the watch; it was hanging there when he came in; Simons brought the prisoner about an hour after, and produced my husband's watch.


                  William
                   Simons
               



            . I took a watch upon him; he was offering to sell it to one 
               
                  Levi
                   Jackson
               



            , in Hounsditch; I thought it could not be his watch; I said he did not come honestly by it, and asked him where he got it; he said if I would let him go he would tell me; I did not promise to let him go; he said he had it of Mr. Lovegrove.
Prisoner's Defence.
I leave myself to the mercy of the Court.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
