






33. 34. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      GEORGE
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  SARAH
                   the 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        ARTHUR
                         WADE
                     







            , were indicted the first for 


               stealing twenty-three pounds weight of cheese value ten shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Keys
                  



               
            , and the other for 


               receiving twelve pound weight of the said cheese, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , December 6th

, ++.
Joseph Key's. I am a cheese-monger
, in Oxford-road



, last Tuesday night between nine and ten o'clock, as I was at supper in the parlour, at the back of the shop, a young woman who lived servant in a public house, called out, I immediately ran into the shop, she had detected the prisoner in stealing half a cheese, on examining the rest of my goods I missed another half cheese, the fellow to that he was detected in stealing, which made me reasonably imagine he must have stolen that, I charged him with it; he said he had stolen it, and confessed he had sold it at a 
               
                  
                     Sarah
                      Wades
                  



               
            , in High-street, St. Giles's, I went there, I took another man with me, I found this half cheese he had stolen first, on asking for it she delivered it, and said he brought it to her and she gave him three shillings for it; I took the cheese out of her house, and said, I would have her taken care of, for receiving it; she begged I would not prosecute her, I told her I would; I am positive to the half cheese, I cut the cheese in two, the day before.
On his Cross Examination, he said, he had learned by all accounts, that 
               
                  Sarah
                   Wade
               



             was a married woman, and that he believed her husband lived in the house, that she said she bought the cheese, and gave three shillings for it, that she had it under some cloaths in a chair; and she produced it immediately.


                  Mary
                   Tyrrell
               



            . I saw the prisoner go out of the door with a half cheese, I mentioned it to Mr. Keys, I found the cheese upon the prisoner, he confessed he stole it.


                  Richard
                   Taylor
               



            . I took the prisoner George, he confessed he stole, not only the half cheese, found upon him, but that he had left another half cheese at the house of Wade, the other prisoner, the cheese is the property of Mr. Keys.
GEORGE 

               Guilty
            



               T
            .
WADE 

               Acquitted
            .
