






563, 564, (L) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      PIXLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      REES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a looking glass with a gilt frame, value three pounds, five mahogany tables, value five pounds, five feather beds, value six pounds, two bed-steads, with printed cotton furniture, value ten pounds, a mahogany double chest of drawers, value four pounds, and a mahogany chest of drawers, value twenty shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Anne
                         Carter
                     



                  , widow in her dwelling house
            , July 3d
.


                     Anne
                      Carter
                  




               
            . I lived on the pavement in Moorfields


, I am a widow, and have five children; I went out of town on the 29th of June, and I returned on Monday night, the 3d of July, at about half past ten o'clock; I knocked at my door, and not being let in; I was much surprized at it, the watchman acquainted me, that two cart loads of goods were taken out of my house; I had left my two daughters, Mary and Elizabeth, in the house, with the care of my three other children; the goods were carried into Coleman-street, to a warehouse of Mr Herne's; on Tuesday morning, I found my children in Red Lion-street, Holborn, they informed me of the affair, I went and found my things. I applied to the constable of the ward, who went with me to my Lord Mayor, who granted a search warrant; but, before that I had found the goods, and with the search warrant, I went and saw the goods mentioned in the indictment, at Mr Herne's; Pixley had once been my bail, for which I gave him five guineas; I have known him fourteen months: I know nothing of the other prisoner.
Cross Examination.
Q. Have you had money of him?
Carter. He has had money of me; ten guineas, for a quarter's rent.
Q. You have had some account with him?
Carter. None, but what I speak of.
Q. When you came to town, you found the goods in the open shop?

Carter. No, in a Warehouse.
Q. Before any search warrant, you had seen e goods?
Carter. They were locked up, my Lord Mayor gave orders to put a man at the door to stop them from further proceeding, they were concealed till then.
Q. They left word where they were carried to?
Carter. The beadle of the ward saw where they were carried.


                  Elizabeth
                   Carter
               



            . I am daughter to the prosecutrix, my mother was out of town, and came home the 3d of July, we were all gone when she came home; I did not see her till the next morning, then I saw her in Red Lion-street; I went there to lie, as I was destitute of a habitation, with the children; the house was plundered of every thing on the Monday; my sister and the children were then in the house with me; at one o'clock, Mr Pixley knocked at the door, my sister opened it, I was in the parlour very near the door; when she had opened the door, Pixley kept it open, and the four other men rushed in, and almost pushed her down; 
               
                  Richard
                   Reeves
               



             was one of them, he behaved very ill and cruel to me, when they got into the house; Pixley bid them take possession of all the goods, he was going out, and would be back presently; I asked him, why the goods were to be taken into possession? but he would not satisfy me, till I saw the bill of sale in the broker's hand; I went up stairs and saw the broker, Mr Swaine, in the garret, he brought the broker in; when he came back, he was absent but a few minutes; while he was in the garret, they were in the dining-room; I spoke to Pixley, then he said, he had a bill of sale; I said, I would swear it was not my mother's writing.
Cross examination.
Q. This was at noon?
Carter. Yes.
Q. Do you know Chapman?
Carter. Yes.
Q. And the beadle?
Carter. Yes.
Q. They did not turn you out?
Carter. No, they told me, the goods were going to Mr. Herne's, and Pixley would sell them afterwards.
Q. Did you know Mr. Herne's?
Carter. No, I never saw him before.
Q. This was all in the day time?
Carter. Yes.
Court to 
               
                  Anne
                   Carter
               



            . Did you ever give Pixley a bill of sale of your goods?
Court. I never did; I never was obligated to him one shilling.
Q. Did you ever give Reeve's a bill of sale?
Carter. No, I never saw him before he was brought before the Lord Mayor.


                  Mary
                   Carter
               



            . I am daughter to 
               
                  Ann
                   Carter
               



            ; my mother is a stay-maker
; we lived in Moorfields; I was in the house with my sister on the 3d of July, between twelve and one o'clock; Mr. Pixley knocked at the door, and I opened it; my sister stood in the parlour, and saw me open it. The parlour door is close to the other; when I opened the door, he came in, and four men run in with him into the parlour, and sat down; he asked me, where my mother was; I said, in the countty; he answered, he was glad of it; he went out of doors, and bid the rest keep possession till he came back. He returned, with Mr. Swaine, the broker; I did not then know him; he did not stay out many minutes. Mr. Swaine went into the parlour; I saw a paper in his hand; he told me it was a bill of sale; he then went up stairs to take an inventory of the things; he went first into the garret; he shewed me the bill of sale in the two pair of stairs room, and asked me if I knew that hand writing; I said, I would take my oath it was not my mother's writing. They took all the goods away that are mentioned in the indictment; they took two cart loads away, and a number of porters helped to take them away. They quite stripped the house; they did not leave any thing. I saw Reeves, the prisoner, in the parlour, he came in with Pixley; he took an oath before my Lord-Mayor that he saw my mother sign it, and then begged his lordship's pardon.
Cross Examination.
Q. Does your mother follow stay-making now?
Carter. Yes.

Q. Upon your oath does she?
Carter. Yes.
Q. Did she two seasons since?
Carter. Yes.
Q. Was she tried at Guildhhall for stay-making? -
Q. from the court. Did you ever see the bill of sale afterwards?
Carter. No, never.
Q. Have you any neighbours? Did you know any of the people?
Carter. Yes, Mr. Chapman; he did not come in at first, he was constable; he came in as a porter, and helped to take away the goods.
Q. You were informed they were going to Coleman-street?
Carter. Yes.
Q. They were never concealed?
Carter. Yes, they were, till he had got a porter to sell them off.
Q. Who told you they were going there?
Carter. The beadle, and Chapman did.


                  David
                   Chapman
               



            . I am a constable. On Monday the 3d of July, as I was coming out of Guildhall, I met Mr. Pixley near the Castle, the corner of Cateaton-street; I have known him some time, there were two or three others with him, I believe, there was one Wood, who is since dead, and Melville, a constable of the same ward that I am; Reeves, the other prisoner, was with him. To the best of my remembrance, Mr. Melville told me, Mr Pixley had a bill of sale on the goods of 
               
                  Ann
                   Carter
               



            , and they had been before the Lord-Mayor, and was going to execute it by his order. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Pixley
               



             asked me, if I would go with him to assist him to help away the property; accordingly I did, upon payment as a porter. We went first to Mr. Herne, to enquire if he had room to deposit these goods for two or three days; Mr. Herne said, he had his warehouse to dispose of, he could not tell whether he could have it for more than a day or two, as it was on the point of being let; but would give leave, if it was a proper thing for them to be there, for that time; then we went to the house, in Moorfields, the two daughters seemed in confusion; I asked the reason: they said, Pixley was come with a bill of sale to disturb them; I desired them to be quiet, for if it was not legal, I would do nothing in it. I looked at the bill of sale, and thought it to be a just one then.
Q. from the jury. Who shewed you the bill of sale?
Chapman. Pixley.
Q. Who signed it?
Chapman. There was first 
               
                  Ann
                   Carter
               



            , under it 
               
                  Joseph
                   Thorpe
               



            , then Richard Reeves. The goods were removed, and deposited at Mr. Herne's. Pixley gave directions about the goods all the time, and Reeves was keeping the door. I was up stairs. The goods were taken away in two carts.
Cross Examination
Q. Was this privately done?
Chapman. No, publicly.
Q. Was it known they were going to Mr. Herne's?
Chapman. I told the girls.


                  Jacob
                   Herne
               



            . I live in Coleman-street. The beadle, and one Chapman, came to me upon the 3d of July, to know if I would take any goods into my warehouse; they said, it was for Pixley, who was standing by them; he said, the goods were to stay a few days to sell them. I told him, I could not spare the warehouse for more than a day or two. They were taken out of my warehouse by virtue of a search warrant.
Q. to Chapman. Was you present when he applied to Mr. Herne.
Chapman. Yes.
Q. Did he say who the place was for?
Chapman. Yes, both I and another pointed to him as the proprietor of the goods.
- Thorpe. I am a coach-harness-maker. Last Monday was a week, the 3d of July, I was in Fleet-market, Mr. Pixley came and spoke to me; he said, there was a woman in Moorfields, had given him a bill of sale, he wanted two people to witness it, and he would give them half a guinea a-piece; he said, the woman was gone away, there was two indictments against her, and he was afraid people were going to take the goods away; he asked if I would witness it; I told him, yes; we went to the Bull and Garter; there was another man, who would not sign it; we came to the door, out of the house, and Reeves came up to us; after some little time, he asked him if he would sign it; he then asked me, if I would; he agreed to witness it; it was signed

                  Ann
                   Carter
               



            ; we went into the house, Reeves wrote witness; I signed it first, and he after; I thought it was a real one. I asked him, if it was Mrs. Carter's writing, he said, no; she is gone away, and will never come again, I want to secure myself, to put the bill of sale in force; he said, if you will go with me, I will treat you with a coach to put this bill of sale in force; he called in a street, and took two constables to keep the peace. I saw them all in the house together; I was not there when they entered; I heard the daughter say, it was a bad affair, and it was not their mother's writing. I got out of the house, by saying there was somebody went by that wanted me.


                  Alexander
                   Melville
               



            . I am a constable. Mr. Pixley was a customer of mine. About the middle of March, I was talking with him at a public house; he said, he was under misfortunes; then he said, he had been arrested upon a false debt on Mrs. Carter's account; he wanted me to be bail; I did not care to do it; he said, the debt was small, and his father was to be one bail, and that he had a bill of sale upon her goods; the debt was six pounds or upwards. I was bail with his father on account of his having the bill of sale, to prevent us coming into trouble. After being his bail, the action was removed to the court of King's bench, and back again. I talked to him about it; he said, he had the bill of sale to indemnify us all; I kept myself easy till the 3d of July, then he came to a public-house in my neighbourhood, and desired me, as a constable, to keep the peace, while the bill of sale was put in execution. I told him, not to be in too great a hurry; he said, he heard she was moving her goods, and they would be gone by Thursday. I declin'd, as I was concerned, and desired my brother constable to go; he said, he had got two people at the top of Great Bell-alley, who were the prisoners, Reeves and Thorpe. We came to Mrs. Carter's, Mr. Pixley knocked at the door, one of the daughters opened it: he stood at the door to keep the door open; I came in after Pixley, then the rest of the people who were with us: we went into the parlour; the daughter asked what was the matter; Pixley replied, matter enough, he would not go to jail for her mother. The daughter seemed much flurried; I told her to be quiet, he was come in upon a bill of sale. I asked Pixley where the bill of sale was; and saw it was witnessed by Reeves, and it was signed 
               
                  Ann
                   Carter
               



            . I had it to peruse; I suspected it was a forged bill, when the children made such work about it. After the bill of sale was read, Pixley went out, and brought in Mr. Swaine, the broker; when he did that, the daughters resisted, and said, it was a forged bill of sale, it was not their mother's hand-writing. Mr. Swaine asked me if I knew the mother; I said, I had seen her. but had no particular acquaintance with her; he asked if there was any particular acquaintance between Pixley and the mother; I told him, I laboured under an execution through their affairs: he then proceeded to take an inventory of no more goods than the value in the bill of sale. Mr. Pixley would not consent; afterwards he did consent to it; and after that, it was to be for the whole. I then told him, if he took more, he would commit a felony; then again, they agreed to take to the bill of sale.
Cross Examination.
Q. Have you known Pixley a great while?
Melville. No.
Q. Was any of the transacted business in private?
Melville. No, he came to the public house
Q. Do you know where they were going?
Melville. No.
Wm Paine. I am a constable, I was before my Lord Mayor at the time Pixley and the other prisoner were there; I was desired by his lordship to go and take an inventory of the goods that were in Mr. Herne's warehouse, and give the prosecutrix the goods, there was an account upon the different doors of the rooms of the goods that were in them: here is the inventory of the goods that were at Mr. Herne's.


                  John
                   Burton
               



            . I am a broker, Pixley applied to me to buy the goods. I had some talk with him about them: I did not buy them.
Pixley's Defence.
I think I have been acquainted with Mrs. Carter near a year and half, or two years, during which time when she had been in trouble, she has sent for me, and I have assisted her with money several times when she was in custody and indicted; I bailed her out of Wood-street Counter: then she was indicted for keeping a disorderly house, I paid the money in court; I then took a house for her in Aldermanbury; I paid seven guineas for the earnest of that house for six months: she could not stay there long, for the house was such a great nuisance, that the neighbours all complained, and the girls made such an uproar they could not stay; she then applied to me to look out for another house: I did and got her one in Sommerset street, Whitechapel; she did not stay there above a quarter, before I was arrested for the rent; she then desired me to get her another house, which I did. The house she came from in Moorfields, I took it, and paid six guineas; I then told her, I was a good deal uneasy, that I had advanced so much money for her and had no security; she said, she would give me any security I could desire, that I was the greatest friend she ever had in the world; My wife was in company with her, and said, it was odd, she did not give me security; she came in two days after and gave me this bill of sale, though I had no design to put it in execution; she signed the bill of sale the 12th of March last, it was not witnessed when she wrote it.
Reeve's Defence.
On the 3d of July, about ten or eleven o'clock, I went into the Bull and Garter, in Fleet Market, I met Mr. Thorpe and Mr. Pixley; I never saw him before, he said he had got a bill of sale; he asked me if I would go in; Thorpe, I, and he, went together to Moorfields; I stayed there till the goods were all taken away.
For Pixley's Character.
Wm Manning. I am a writing stationer in Chancery Lane, I have known Pixley a quarter or half a year, I never heard any thing amiss of him.
Q. What trade does he follow?
Manning. I do not know what trade he is.


                  Richard
                   Dawson
               



            . I am a Peruke-maker in Bull-and-mouth street: I saw Mr Pixley pay money for Mrs. Carter when she was indicted at the quarter sessions; his general character is, that of a very honest man; I have known him three years, he was a scale-maker


                  Thomas
                   Poole
               



            . I have known Pixley about fifteen months; I have seen him in reputable company; he bears a very extreme good character; I do not know what business he is.


                  Solomon
                   Blackman
               



            . I live in Butcher hall Lane, I am a scale beam maker: I have know Pixley this twenty-four or twenty-five years, I never knew any thing particular of him, but as an honest man.
Q. What character does bear in the world?
Blackman. I do not know what you mean by character in the world; I know nothing of him but an honest man, I have not seen him till within this two months, I do not know how he got his livelihood during that time.
For Reeve's Character.


                  Samuel
                   Hinchley
               



            . I have known Reeve sixteen or seventeen years, he bears a general good character; I never heard any thing amiss of him in my life.
Mr. Hemming. I have known Reeve's ten years, he bears the character of a very honest man; he is an honest, harmless, inoffensive man, I look upon him to be rather weak than capable of doing any injury to any one; he is an assistant to officers in executing bills of sale, and so on.


                  George
                   Charlewood
               



            . I have known Reeves ten or twelve years, I never heard any complaint or any bad character of him in my life; I believe he goes into possession for officers.
Pixley, 


               guilty of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            

Reeves, 

               acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


