






169, 170. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      GEE
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      FITKIN
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one long plane , value 18 d. one ogee, value 1 s. one moving fillister, value 1 s. and one rabbit plain, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Matthew
                      Simpson
                  




               
            , Feb. 15th
. ++


                  Matthew
                   Simpson
               



             . I am foreman
 to Mr. 
               
                  Ralph
                   Adams
               



             in Portland-square


 ; on Wednesday the 16th in the morning some tools were missing; they were found the next day.


                  Jonathan
                   Man
               



            . I looked after some houses that were not finished; one of them was broke open, and thirteen planes stole belonging to different persons that worked for me. On Thursday morning I saw the prisoners take some of them out of a saw-pit that joined to the New Inn by Tyburn turnpike; I followed them to the place where they were stolen from; then I secured Fitkin, and Fitkin bid Gee deliver himself for he was taken; then Gee dropped two planes and jumped over the ditch; the lamp-lighter took up the planes; I can swear to them; they were carried before Justice Cox and committed; Fitchet had the care of the planes.


                  Richard
                   Fitchet
               



             . I attend the Rotation Office; three of us carried the planes there; Mr. Man has had the care of them since.
Man. They have been locked up in a room; I am sure they are the planes that were taken that night. (The planes produced and deposed to).


                  Thomas
                   Hart
               



            . I saw Gee several times about the buildings where the tools where hid; I saw them both come in the afternoon and look into the saw-pit they were put in.
The prisoners in their defence said they were innocent of the charge.
They each called two witnesses who gave them a very good character.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
