





62. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Susanna
                      Mays
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing four guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary
                            Crofts
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Charles
                         Greentree
                     



, Dec. 20
. +


                  Mary
                   Crofts
               



            . I lost four guineas out of my box the twenty-first day of last month, at the White Horse at Uxbridge


; my box is in the room where I lie; I keep my box locked; I saw the money in my box the day before; the money was in a purse; this prisoner lived as kitchen maid
; I was chamber maid
; I used to lie with her, but my mistress was ill and she did not lie with me at this time. I did not know of any one else being in the room: she laid in the same room. I went and told my money, and there was that wanting: when I went to count my money, I am not certain whether the box was lock'd: I know the lock was not broke; I had the key in my pocket. My master and I took her into a room, and talked to her; then we sent for the justice; at last she owned that she would tell the cook where it was: the justice came: after that she said she would tell the cook presently what she had done with the money: she sent the cook to fetch it; it was behind some dishes in the cellar, the cook went and fetched it: she asked the cook to lend her three pounds three shillings, and then she would tell the cook where it was, and fetch it. She brought three guineas, the other was changed. The pieces I lost were guineas; the justice committed her.


                  Ann
                   Lacey
               



            . I lived at the White Horse as cook, the justice ordered me to strip her. I pressed her to tell me where the money was when I went into the room to her. She said she would tell me presently. She asked me to lend her three pounds three shillings to make it up. I told her I had no money in my pocket, I went to the cellar head, and the justice of peace took it from me: I saw three guineas, but I don't know what there was more; she had lived at our house half a year: she was under me; she always behaved very well before this time.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never was before any gentleman in my life before; I know not what to say; I am but eighteen years old.




               Guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
