





480. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Henry
                      Robinson
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving one thickset coat, value 10 s. one thickset waistcoat, value 3 s. one pair of plush breeches, value 6 s. six linen shirts, value 30 s. four muslin neckcloths, value 4 s. eight pair of thread stockings, value 8 s. two pair of worsted stockings, value 1 s. and four linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        Richard
                         Boonham
                     



                  ; and two linen tablecloths, value 2 s. one pair of leather shoes, value 3 s. and one pair of worsted stockings, value 3 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard
                            James
                        



                     
                  , well knowing them to have been stolen by 
                     
                        Charles
                         Baker
                     




May 9
. ++
The record of the conviction of 
               
                  Charles
                   Baker
               



            , the principal, who was tried last sessions, No. 413, was read in Court.


                     Richard
                      Boonham
                  



               
            . These things were in a box lost from the Crown, Berwick-street, Soho. Baker was charged as being the thief before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , and the prisoner and others as receivers. Baker said he carried them to the prisoner's lodgings, and others. We went there, and found the box in the room: the lid was split in two; one part on which I wrote my own direction was upon the grate in the fire-place; there was no fire, so it was not consumed. I went again to these lodgings early on the thirteenth, and found the prisoner in bed. As soon as I came in, he said, I suppose you are the gentleman that was robbed; I said, Yes; then the prisoner said, I thought what that rogue would bring me to. He said, Baker came to his room upon a Thursday in May, and brought a pair of stockings, &c. that he took them out, and said, This is all I got from my master, the rest belonged to a young man in the house, and that he desired him to go with him to pawn the thickset frock and breeches; that he was unwilling, but at last did go and pawn them. This he told me and James at the time we went to his lodgings, when we found him in bed. When he was before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , he denied what he had before said to us.


                  William
                   Windsor
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in the Minories. I took in this thickset coat of the prisoner (producing it) on the ninth of May. I sent him seven shillings upon it; I paid him a six shilling and nine-penny piece, and three-pence. The prisoner, Baker, afterwards came back to change the six and nine-pence. Baker said it was his own, and charged me not to deliver it to Robinson.


                  Phenix
                   Glover
               



            . I am servant to a pawnbroker in Houndsditch. I took in the breeches upon the ninth of May, of Robinson.
Prosecutor. These goods are my property.
Prisoner's Defence.
Baker was my wife's nephew. He brought the things to my house; I was unwilling to pawn them, I did not know they were stolen.



               Guilty
            , 


               T. 14 years
            .
