





265. (L.) 
               
                  JAMES
                   FOX
               



             was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury in his evidence on the trial of 
                     
                        James
                         Curd
                     



                   at the last session
            . ++


                  Joseph
                   Gurney
               



            , the short hand writer, deposed, that the prisoner in his evidence on the trial of Curd said, that he himself committed the robbery; that he held two pistols at the prisoner's head, and that Curd was not concerned in it.
See his evidence at large last sessions.
- Zacherly. Curd was tried for robbing me: Curd and the prisoner both came up to me to the foot path; the tallest man, which was Curd, held his pistol against my head before my face; I looked at the pistol and him all the time; Fox took the money out of my pocket; Fox presented the pistol against my breast, the other to my face; they had each one.
Q. Fox did not clap two pistols to your breast?
Zacherly. No.
Q. Then Curd was as much concerned in robbing you as Fox?
Zacherly. Yes, all the same.


                  Robert
                   Lee
               



            . I am the person that took 
               
                  James
                   Curd
               



            , the 4th of December last; he was examined the 5th of December last before Justice Wilmot: Fox was admitted an evidence, and there he declared upon his oath that they were both together in the robbery; he said he rifled Zacherly's pockets; he said Curd held the pistol facing his head.
Q. Was this examination reduced into writing?
Lee. Yes. (The information read, in which he gave the same account of this robbery as was given by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I was very much in liquor when I gave in my evidence: I have no learning at all; I did not know what an oath was when I took it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .




[Imprisonment. See summary.]


