





705. (2d L.) 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH
                      BROADUS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a woollen cloth coat, value 10 s. a woollen cloth waistcoat, value 7 s. two muslin neckcloths, value 4 s. two linen shirts, value 10 s. a man's hat, value 5 s. a pair of women's shoes, value 1 s. a linen shift, value 1 s. a linen handkerchief, value 6 d. and four shillings and sixpence in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Abel
                      Neaves
                  




               
            , Sept. 27
. ++


                  Abel
                   Neaves
               



            . I am a carpenter
: I missed the things mentioned in the indictment from my apartment on the 27th of September.


                  Michael
                   Wood
               



            . I was called out to follow the prisoner; when I got up to him he was in custody. I took this hat from his head, and I took these pumps and a chissel out of his pocket; a blue waistcoat was afterwards dropt upon the ground. (The several things were produced and deposed to by the prosecutor). There was also half a crown, four shillings, and five pennyworth of halfpence in the pocket of the waistcoat.
Neaves. There was some money in my waistcoat pocket.


                  Richard
                   Booth
               



            . I saw the prisoner and another man come out of the house; the prisoner walked first; the other man had the bundle; I saw the prisoner drop the waistcoat, and I saw the hat taken from his head; the other got away.


                  William
                   Martin
               



             confirmed the evidence of the last witness.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took the things up in the street.
He called several witnesses who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
