





744. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William
                      Grenville Hoare
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a sword, with a silver hilt, value 50 s,
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry
                      Bryant
                  




               
            , June 26th
. ++


                  Henry
                   Bryant
               



            . I am a taylor
, and live in Silver street, Wood street, Cheapside


; the prisoner was an absolute stranger to me; he came with another person to my shop, in June 1770, he he said he wanted a pair of stocking breeches; he tried on a pair in my dining room, which he said, fitted him very well; he asked me if I chose to take a draft; I said I did not know him, and did not choose to take a draft; he then asked me if I would take a draft on a banker; I said no, he might draw on his banker, but the banker might have no cash of his. I would not take it; the prisoner said he would send his servant that he had with him to the banker's, with a draft for the money; the man went with the draft, but returned in a quarter of an hour, and said the banker's shop was shut up; it was only a quarter past four then; that satisfied me that something wrong was intended: then the prisoner, finding that I was uneasy, called for the hanger, which his man had, and offered to pledge it for a guinea and the pair of breeches; I said I would enquire, and if it was worth the money I would let him have it; he proposed to be measured for a suit of clothes, and he said he would recommend me to a deal of custom. I went to enquire if the hanger was worth the money; I found it was, and lent him the guinea, and let him have a pair of breeches; then the prisoner said his name was 
               
                  William
                   Hoare
               



            , and that he had had dealings with Mr. 
               
                  George
                   Forbes
               



            , a draper, and was really a gentleman; he shewed me a bill for drapery goods, in the name of Mr. Forbes: he wrote a note, at the time he delivered this hanger, and would have had me take that note for a memorandum; I refused to take it or pay any sort of attention to it. I only relied on the security of the hanger; then he went away, and I spoke to him no more for a twelvemonth. I did see him once, but not so as to speak to him, somewhere by Hempstead; I saw him again in the month of June; he came then to my house, and said, your servant, sir; I did not recollect him; he said have you that hanger; I said yes; he said bring it to one Mr. Harris, in Black Friars, at two o'clock; I went with it there; I found a Jew at the door; on enquiring for 
               
                  William
                   Hoare
               



            , Esq; the Jew said he was not there, but he would be there soon; the prisoner came in in three or four minutes; he made a great many apologies to the Jew for not being there; he sat down, and said he would do a little business with the Jew, and then dispatch me. There were some papers between them; he then came to me and asked if I had brought the hanger; I said yes; he said give it me; I said no; I will not without the money. Then he desired me to let him look at it; I shewed it him, but held it still in my hand; he wrenched it out of my hand, and when I went to take hold of it to recover it from him, the other people held me, he said then that he would only look at it; he put it to his side; then he said he would pay me; a little after that he said he had no cash; I said I would have the hanger again; he said no; he would give me his note for three days; I said I would not take it; I took him by the collar, and then Lazarus, the Jew, laid hold of me by my right hand, and a little man there laid hold of my left hand, and so prevented my taking it from him; then Hoare 
               
                  drew
               


             the hanger, and said if I wanted it I might have it; the others laughed at me, and there was a good deal of talk it about it; one said I should make a suit of clothes for him, another said I should make a suit for him. I then said I would take the mall up; I had, before that, given up the hanger, before the prisoner talked of paying me. The prisoner demanded a piece of paper I had, which was this bill of parcels of this draper's to the prisoner for some goods, and there is a note of hand on that bill of parcels;" I promise to pay on demand, to Mr. 
               
                  Henry
                   Bryant
               



            , or order, one pound seventeen shillings for value received, the 16th of June 1770." The date is not to it now, it was by accident burnt off; that note was left on the table, and my own pocket book; so finding I could neither get the money nor the hanger, I took up my pocket book, and put it into my pocket; they wanted me to take a note for three days; I would not, I threw it at them and run away home. I would have took them up if I had had a constable. I went again on Monday; I saw two women there, they said they knew not the persons. About a month or six weeks after I found the prisoner at a horse ride, in Moor lane, Fore street; there I took him.
Cross Examination.
Q. How came the name burnt off this note, which the prisoner left you, at the time he left the hanger?
Bryant. It happened by accident, since the time I lost the hanger, it fell into the ashes. I found this note and the note which Harris pretended to give me, by way of security, for the debt, which I totally refused; I don't know how I came by it, unless they thrust it into my pocket book while on the table; it was burnt by falling in the ashes; I never received it as a security; nor did I know what the prisoner wrote on the paper. I would not give any credit to him, not knowing him; I only gave him credit because of the hanger, which was worth the money. The prisoner agreed, when he left the hanger, if he did not come in two or three days, I might sell it. I refused to take Harris's note, to deliver up the hanger, on receiving Harris's security; I did not agree to it. The day I took the prisoner, I met him first at the end of Silver street, near my house, between three and four o'clock. I said, sir, I think you did not use me well, taking my hanger and not giving me my money, the prisoner said did not that man pay you, and seemed surprized; I said no; I went to the house, two women said they neither knew you nor Harris. I asked him where he lived, and how to come by my property; he took out his pocket book and offered me another note of ten pound, drawn on one Wilson; he said if I would change that he would pay me; I knew Wilson not to be a very good man, and refused it; he said if I would come to the coffee house, opposite the Mews gate and bring change for the note, he would be glad to meet me, and would settle the business, being then busy in getting change for a customer. I left him and went home; then I got the beadle; we found him in Moor-lane, at a ride, where I took him.
Q. Did not he tell you he was a going to that livery stable?
Bryant. No; he did not.
Q. Did you apply for a warrant?
Bryant. No; I had a right to take him without a warrant; I saw the man that came the prisoner's servant, a few days after the hanger was left at the house; I said nothing to him nor he to me; that person was with the prisoner when I saw him in Silver street, the day I took him up.
Q. Did not you offer to compromise the matter?
Bryant. Mr. Richardson and Lester's clerk came to me and had some conversation with me on this; I might say to Mr. Richardson and Lester's clerk, who came to make matters up, I desired justice might take place, but if I could have my money and a release I might let him out.
Q. from the prisoner. Did not you say that you had been encouraged by my enemies to prosecute me?
Bryant. I once told them that the people at the Dog and Duck had offered to employ council for me, and they encouraged me to go on with the prosecution, because they said he was a bad man and should be brought to justice; but I have not employed council.
Q. from the Prisoner. You never did say that Harris had undertook to pay the money, and because he did not pay it you had taken me up?
Bryant. I never paid the least attention to it; when I went there, it was to take them up, not to get money for the note.
- Ellis. I am the prosecutor's servant; I measured the prisoner for the clothes. I was there when the prisoner first called to his servant to produce the hanger, and saw him pledge it for a guinea, and a pair of breeches that came to sixteen shillings. My master asked me what I thought of it; I told him I was not a judge, so he went out to enquire the value of it. The prisoner talked of being a good customer if he was used well. My master came back and said he would take the hanger for the guinea and sixteen shillings; the prisoner offered him a note, which he refused to take: he left the note on the table; my master called after him to take back the note again, for he would not account it as a security.
Q. to the Prosecutor. What kind of a hanger was it?
Bryant. It had a fox's head, green ivory in the gripe, circled round with silver, and the sheath was silvered.
"The prisoner, in his defence, said the prosecutor agreed to take Harris's note for the money, and voluntarily gave up the hanger."
For the Prisoner.


                  Joseph
                   Harris
               



            . I know the prisoner. On the latter end of June, or the beginning of July, I was at my brother's house, in the Printing House yard, Black Fryars; while my brother and Mr. Hoare went to get their hair dress, the prosecutor came in and asked for Mr. Hoare, he waited for him; Mr. Hoare came in about a quarter of an hour after; I told Mr. Hoare he had brought his hanger; I delivered it to Mr. Hoare and he put the hanger on. The prosecutor said he had brought his hanger, and he gave him a bill or note. Mr. Hoare applied to the gentleman with him for some money; but on the gentleman's telling him it was his sabbath, that he was very sorry to disappoint him, but could not give him any money till Monday, Mr. Hoare said to the prosecutor he had no more money about him then than would defray his expences; being a going out of town, but would leave orders for the money to be paid him on Monday. The prosecutor said he did not choose to go away without his money; but on my brother's telling him he lived in the house, and would give him a bill for the money, he was satisfied. My brother wrote something on th e back of his bill, or note, and the prosecutor went away satisfied.
Q. He pulled out the bill in expectation of money?
Harris. Yes.
Q. Did he object to Mr. Harris's security?
Harris. No; not in the least, upon his telling him he kept a house: my sister told me he came the Tuesday following.
Court. What business is your brother?
Harris. In the mercantile way.
Q. That is a large expression: In what branch?
Harris. He deals in every thing.
Q. That is larger still; does he deal much in these sort of notes?
Harris. Not that I know of.
Q. He deals in every thing?
Harris. He buys every thing and sells it again.
Q. No particular branch that he chooses to call himself by?
Harris. No.
Q. A merchant?
Harris. Yes.
Q. How long might he have lived in Black Friars before this happened?
Harris. I cannot say particularly.
Q. Be so good as recollect yourself.
Harris. It might be six months.
Q. More or less?
Harris. I cannot say.

Q. Are you sure he had lived there four months, on your oath?
Harris. Yes.
Q. How much more than four?
Harris. I cannot say particularly, I believe about four or six months; I cannot be particular just to the time.
Q. He had kept a house for that time?
Harris. Not all the house.
Q. How much of it?
Harris. The two parlours down stairs and the first floor.
Q. Who had the other part of the house?
Harris. I cannot tell the people's names.
Q. Did you live in this house?
Harris, No; in Rosemary lane. I am a salesman.
Q. What might be the occasion of your being there that day?
Harris. I went to dine with my brother.
Q. Do you know how long this man and your brother have been acquainted?
Harris. I do not know.
Q. How long did your brother continue to live there after that time?
Harris. I cannot say.
Q. Recollect.
Harris. I cannot particularly.
Q. A week, month, or year.
Harris. Six weeks.
Q. You swear to his continuing six weeks at the same house, after the prosecutor was there?
Harris. Yes.
Q. Where may your brother be now?
Harris. In Norfolk.
Q. Who lived with your brother in this house?
Harris. Nobody but him and my sister, in his part of the house.
Q. All the time?
Harris. Yes.
Q. Then there was no endeavour, by the prosecutor, to take the hanger from Mr. Hoare, the prisoner?
Harris. None in the least.
Q. Nor Mr. Hoare did not draw the hanger on the prosecutor, and say, now if you have a mind to have it take it?
Harris. No; nothing of that sort past.
Q. Was you in the room at the time?
Harris. Yes.
Prosecutor. My lord, he was not in the room at all.
Q. Who was in the room at that time?
Harris. My brother, Mr. Lazarus, my sister, the prosecutor, and Mr. Hoare.
Q. Then there were six of you?
Harris. Yes.
Q. Was you in the room all the time?
Harris. Yes.
Q. You said you did not know the prosecutor; how do you know the prosecutor is the person?
Harris. I cannot swear to the prosecutor if I see him; I remember he was a little man, drest in brown or black.
Q. You should not know him now perhaps?
Harris. I cannot say that I should; I did not know it would be attended with such consequences.


                  Elizabeth
                   Harris
               



            . I know the prosecutor; I saw him once when he came to our house with the hanger, and afterwards when he came for the payment of the bill; he came with the hanger, between one and two, the latter end of July; I saw him come in.
Q. Who was in the room at the time?
Harris. My husband, me, the prisoner 
               
                  Joseph
                   Harris
               



             and another or two besides.
Court. Is 
               
                  Joseph
                   Harris
               



             your husband?
Harris. No; my husband's brother; my husband's name is 
               
                  Samuel
                   Harris
               



            . Mr. Bryant brought the hanger; Mr. Hoare said to Mr. Bryant he was very sorry that it happened so, but the gentleman that had appointed to pay him the money had disappointed him, and if he would call on Monday he would pay him the money. Mr. Bryant did not seem very well satisfied with that, but my husband said sooner than there should be any words, he would sign his name to the bill, as a satisfaction for the payment of the money; Mr. Bryant was very well satisfied with Mr. Harris's signing the name, and delivered up the hanger to Mr. Hoare: he went away and called on Monday for the money; when he called there was nobody at home; I desired him to call another day, and he has never called from that day to this.
Q. You say you saw Bryant deliver up the hanger?
Harris. I did, without the least force, or any words at all.

Prosecutor. She was not in the room at all.
Cross Examination.
Court. Who was at home when he came?
Harris. Me, my husband, the prisoner, 
               
                  Elias
                   Lazarus
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph
                   Harris
               



             were all there, to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Where was the prosecutor carried to?
Harris. Into the front parlour.
Q. Who led him in?
Harris. I really cannot say.
Q. You remember his being led in?
Harris. I remember that very well.
Q. Was the door open, or did he knock at the door?
Harris. I cannot say, I was sitting in the parlour.
Q. Were they all there?
Harris. Yes; to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Who spoke first? I think you said Mr. Hoare told him he was very sorry.
Harris. Yes.
Q. And Bryant did not seem satisfied, but on your husbands signing the note delivered up the hanger?
Harris. Yes.
Q. Had he the hanger in his hand, or did he wear it by his side?
Harris. In his hand.
Q. He kept it fast then till your husband signed the note?
Harris. I believe he had given it into Mr. Hoare's hand first.
Q. What, as soon as he came in?
Harris. I cannot say as soon as he came in.
Q. Well, but before Hoare told him he was disappointed and could not pay him, did the other desire to have his hanger again?
Harris. Yes; Mr. Hoare said he should be much obliged to him to call on Monday, being disappointed that day.
Q. He did not give him the hanger?
Harris. He gave him the hanger, or he took it out of his hands, I cannot say which, and without words.
Q. But did not offer to give him the hanger again?
Harris. No.
Q. Nor did he offer to take the hanger again?
Harris. I do not know that he did.
Q. No struggle between them about it?
Harris. No.
Q. No struggle, nor no blows?
Harris. No.
Q. Was the hanger drawn by any body?
Harris. No.
Q. What business is your husband?
Harris. He is in the law.
Q. What branch of the law may he follow?
Harris. He is an attorney.
Q. What part of the world is he in at present?
Harris. The other end of the town.
Q. How came he not to be here to-day?
Harris. We live at the other end of the town, I mean to say. He is out of town at present.
Q. Where?
Harris. He went to Oxford; where he is now I cannot say.
Q. How long has he been out of town?
Harris. He has been out of town better than a fortnight I think.
Q. When did you last hear from him?
Harris. About nine days ago.
Q. Where did he date his letter from?
Harris. He was then at Oxford; he was going away next morning, he did not say where to.
Q. You have not heard from him since?
Harris. No.
Q. Do you know what quarter of the country he is in?
Harris. No.
Q. An attorney is he?
Harris. Yes.
Q. Is that the only sort of business he has ever been engaged in?
Harris. Yes, ever since I have been married to him.
Q. How long is that?
Harris. A twelvemonth.
Q. Never in any other business?
Harris. Not that I know of.
Q. Not concerned in buying and selling any thing?
Harris. Not that I know, except among his acquaintance or so.
Q. How long had you lived at this house at Black-friars, when the prosecutor came there?
Harris. About a month or six weeks; we lived there three months in the whole.
Q. Then you must have staid in the house a month or six weeks after this man had been there, and then removed?
Harris. Yes.

Q. Where does your brother 
               
                  Joseph
                   Harris
               



             live?
Harris. In Warwick-court, Holborn.
Q. How long has he lived there?
Harris. About a month.
Q. Where did he live about the time this thing happened?
Harris. In the Minories.
Q. What business was he?
Harris. A salesman.
Q. Was he a salesman at that time?
Harris. I think he had not left the business off then, to the best of my knowledge; I am not certain.
Q. Have you the whole or part of the house only?
Harris. Only the two parlours.
Q. No other part of the house?
Harris. No.
Q. Who lived in the rest of the house?
Harris. The people that kept it, and two or three lodgers.
Q. You saw him on Monday?
Harris. Yes.
Q. One of the rooms I suppose you made use of as a bed room?
Harris. Yes.
Q. And had no other part of the house?
Harris. No; except the use of the kitchen.


                  Elias
                   Lazarus
               



            . I am a jeweller.
Q. Was you at Mr. Harris's in June last?
Lazarus. I believe the last of June or the beginning of July, I saw Mr. Hoare there; I was in the parlour when Mr. Bryant came in; I was there before any one was at home; in about a quarter of an hour a little man in brown or black came in with a hanger, and asked if Mr. Hoare was within; he was told, no; but was coming immediately: in about a quarter of an hour Mr. Hoare came into the parlour.
Q. Who was there beside you?
Lazarus. I believe one 
               
                  Joseph
                   Harris
               



             came in; the man said, Mr. Hoare, I have brought your hanger; Mr. Hoare said very well; how is it; he shewed him a little bit of a note, and said it is one pound seventeen shillings; Mr. Hoare asked me if I had any money to lend him to pay the man, it was between one and two, or there about; I told him if it was not our sabbath I would lend him some money; the man said he was a stranger to him and could not leave it without the money; Mr. Hoare said would he take my word for it: he said I was a stranger to him as well as Mr. Hoare, he would not take my word nor Mr. Hoare's; he said if Mr. Harris, that is the house-keeper, would give him an undertaking for the money he would take it; so Mr. Harris gave him an undertaking on a bit of paper, I believe of some note for to be paid on Monday; that is all I know, and the man went away.
Q. What became of the hanger?
Lazarus. Mr. Hoare took it and put it to his side.
Q. Who gave it him?
Lazarus. The man.
Cross Examination.
Court. Then there was no quarrel or struggle?
Lazarus. No; not a bit.
Q. Nothing taken from the man?
Lazarus. No.
Q. He gave him the hanger voluntarily?
Lazarus. Yes.
Q. Nor the hanger was not drawn?
Lazarus. No.
Q. When the prisoner came in you say, you think, Harris came in with him.
Lazarus. Yes.
Q. Who else?
Lazarus. Nobody else, that I remember.
Q. How many were present when this transaction, about the hanger, passed?
Lazarus. To the best of my knowledge, four; there were me, the prisoner, and the two brother Harris's.
Q. Then there must be five of you?
Lazarus. With the prosecutor there was five.
Q. Was Mrs. Harris at home?
Lazarus. I cannot recollect myself whether she was or not.
Q. Then she was not in the room?
Lazarus. I do not recollect myself, I did not see her, to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Did the man enquire for Harris or Hoare, when he first came?
Lazarus. for Mr. Hoare.
Q. Pray what might be your business there that day?
Lazarus. Mr. Hoare told me I should come for some particular business, to discount a bill; he did not know it was our sabbath, when he sent for me.
Q. So you came, though it was your sabbath?
Lazarus. I told him I would do it on Monday, but that I could not do it on my sabbath.
Q. What time did he send to you to come?
Lazarus. I believe that sabbath morning, about ten or eleven o'clock.
Q. Did he appoint what hour you was to come?
Lazarus. No; not in particular.
Q. When you first came to the house was he not at home?
Lazarus. No.
Q. Does he lodge there?
Lazarus. Not that I know of.
Q. How came he to appoint you to meet at Mr. Harris's?
Lazarus. I do not know; he does business with him.
Q. What business may he be?
Lazarus. He is a merchant.
Q. In what sort of way?
Lazarus. I do not know; I do not do any business with him.
Q. His wife has told us that he is an attorney at law.
Lazarus. I cannot tell what he is.
Q. How came you to tell this strange man that he would come in presently?
Lazarus. He was told as I was told.
Q. By whom?
Lazarus. The maid, or man, I cannot say which.
Q. You know the other brother, 
               
                  Joseph
                   Harris
               



            , don't you?
Lazarus. Yes.
Q. What business does he follow?
Lazarus. I believe an engraver.
Q. Where does he live?
Lazarus. I cannot tell; he is not a great acquaintance of mine; I never saw him but twice in my life.
Q. But you know he is an engraver?
Lazarus. I think so.
Prosecutor. This man held me while Hoare 
               
                  drew
               


             the hanger, and then said now do you want your hanger.
Lazarus. I never did such a thing in my life; no sword was drawn; I saw no quarrel.
Q. You saw no sword was drawn; was the hanger drawn, for I know you are a correct people?
Lazarus. No.
Q. And you did not hold the prosecutor?
Lazarus. No; I never had a character for that.
Prisoner. My Lord, I beg to be heard a few words; I can very easily account for the diffidence that appears in that man's wife; I beg she may be asked a few more questions.
Court. No; you can't call any more witnesses now; I will indulge you to make any observations to the jury you think fit?
Prisoner. First, to begin with 
               
                  Joseph
                   Harris
               



            , who was examined, I never saw Mr. 
               
                  Joseph
                   Harris
               



            , till I saw him in his brother's house in Printing-house Yard, a very short time. Prior to this transaction of the sword, I have heard that he was a salesman in Rosemary Lane; but I had heard he had quitted that, and was going into some other business. With respect to the brothers, I believe they are people that can prove he was bred a merchant, and he served his time to an eminent merchant in the city. My acquaintance arose with him by an attorney, who transacted business for me, and he was going to be articled with him as his clerk; and I don't know now whether he is not now articled as his clerk; whether he has quitted the name of merchant; I cannot tell the fact relative to myself, or why I came to Mr. Harris's house; I had been getting some business done at Mr. Harris's; I was to dine at his house, and in consequence of that, sent to Mr. Lazarus, whom I have bought many different trinkets of in his way, and always had discount for bills, paying so much for the articles I bought. The reason why Mr. Harris's wife has shewn a diffidence about her husband is, his brother is mistaken for the identical Mr. Harris. I have a great number of evidences; it would distress me in keeping away my witnesses; and I believe there is a man in court to take this Mr. Harris for the identical Harris himself: it is a hard case. I never saw Mr. Harris, his wife, nor Lazarus, till since I have been in confinement; but Mr. Lester who is agent in this cause for me, applied to Mr. Lazarus to come to declare the truth; I asked no compliment but the absolute truth: it is very plain Mrs. Harris has given this account, because she is apprehensive of the consequences for her husband; the tipstaff has told me he would try the event whether this Harris is not that man. I believe there is a person who has known Mr. Harris, and has done the business that Lazarus has done before in point of giving cash; I saw him there a while ago, who can declare upon oath, if called for, what I have stated of Mr. Harris's being articled to Mr. Herne of Lyon's Inn; whether or not he was a merchant, and how long he lived in this house; I believe if he is asked he can tell he had no subpoenea from me. If your lordship will give me leave to call in a witness.
Court. No; you are too late for any more witnesses, your council told me you had finished your evidence, and I indulged you with the liberty to make any observations upon what evidence you have offered, there it was closed; one thing I have to say to you, your council has not called any body to give any account of your way of life or character; if you will give any account of your character you may?
Prisoner. I believe Mr. Perrot has done business for me, and Mr. Scot and Mr. 
               
                  Samuel
                   Swinton
               



            , I was told was in court, and several gentlemen who have known me; if I have been imprudent, it has been owing to my own misfortunes. I have a father, and come of a very respectable family as most can boast.
He called no witnesses.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
