






282, 283. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      DEWITT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      JONES
                  



               
             were indicted for that they 


               in the king's highway, in and upon 
                     
                        William
                         Blindell
                     



                  , did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person, and against his will, a mahogany staff mounted with silver, value 10 s. a leather pocket book, value 6 d. a silk handkerchief, value 6 d. a pair of leather gloves, value 6 d. and fourteen shillings in money, numbered, the property of the said William
            , Feb. 1st
.
Second Count for stealing at the same time a silver watch, value 50 s. a steel chain, value 1 s. a metal seal, value 2 d. a base metal watch key, value 1 d. a metal watch with a tortoiseshell case, value 41 s. a steel chain, value 1 s. a cornelian seal, value 1 s. one base metal key, value 4 d. and two clasp knives, value 6 d. the property of the said William, in the dwelling house of 
               
                  Ann
                   M'Cormack
               



            , spinster. ++


                     William
                      Blindell
                  




               
            . Going up Salt Peter Bank


, on the first of February, four women robbed me; the first came up to me, and put her hands in my pocket; they stopped my mouth; I got a cut on my finger with a knife from one of them, I cannot tell which; they asked me what I had got, and then they held my hands and got it out of my pocket; there were others made their escape; the others were in company with me, but not when they first attacked me; I saw them all together; the two prisoners I am sure were two of them.


                  Thomas
                   Castleman
               



            . I was before the Justice; there I heard Dewitt say that the other people were concerned.


                  John
                   Mayland
               



             deposed the same, and that she said it was a pity she alone should suffer.
The prisoners, in their defence, denied the charge.
Q. to the prosecutor. Did they accost you or pick you up?
Blindell. No; they all surrounded me, and forced the things from me.
Both 


               guilty of stealing the goods only
            . 



               T
            .
