





97. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      MATTHEWS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Samuel
                         Lyon
                     



                  , on the 12th of December, about the hour of twelve at noon, (no person being in the said dwelling house) and stealing a woollen cloth coat, value ten-shillings, a woolen cloth waistcoat, value six-shillings, two pair of leather breeches, value ten-shillings, and a woollen surtout coat, value ten-shillings, the property of the said 
                     
                        Samuel
                         Lyon
                     



                   in his dwelling house
            . *
- Crosby. I was collecting the poors rates, in New Inn


 on the 12th of December
, while I was standing at the bottom of No. 1. a person let himself out of a window, he brushed my back, got up and run away, this made me suspect there was something wrong, I went up the stairs, and upon the landing place I found the prisoner sitting upon a sack, we secured him, and upon examining the sack, we found it contained the things mentioned in the indictment.
Mr. Crosby's evidence was confirmed by a Gentleman who was with him. (The goods produced in court.


                     Samuel
                      Lyon
                  




               
            . The cloths produced are my property, I left them in my chambers when I went out, I think there must be more than one concerned in the business. They got in at a window that is very high, I am a tall man, and when I stood upon the bannisters I could not reach the window. I apprehend one must stand upon another, they had taken an iron bar out of that window.
Prisoner's Defence.
The other person who is a chimney-sweeper, desired me to take care of his things, whilst he went to No. 2. at Lyon's-Inn, I waited a good while for him, but he not coming, I went up stairs, and there I found a sack, I know nothing of stealing the goods.
He called three witnesses who gave him a good character.




               Not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house, but guilty of stealing the goods
            , 


               T
            .
