





574. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      COOK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a black sattin cardinal, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Fletcher
                  




               
            , June 12
. ++


                  Ann
                   Fletcher
               



            , wife of 
               
                  Edward
                   Fletcher
               



            , deposed, that the prisoner, who is a soldier
, accosted her in the park, about five o'clock in the afternoon; that she went home with him to drink tea: that she found a man and woman in bed at his lodgings, and she laid her bonnet and cloak on the table; that she was sick, and the prisoner desired his sister to permit her to lie down on the bed; that she took off some of her clothes and lay down; that the prisoner went cut, and said he was going to his colonel; that he returned in about a quarter of an hour; that then the other woman got up to make tea, and the prisoner and she went out, but soon returned; that then they had some beer, and a quartern of mint and carraway; that then she said she wanted to go home, and the prisoner said, he would be d - d if she should go home that night; that she asked for the cloak; the prisoner said, that he knew nothing of it, and ran into the street, and that she found her cloak at a pawnbroker's next day; she was asked if she had any acquaintance with the prisoner; she said she had never seen him before; that she had been drinking only part of two pots of beer, and was very sober, and that she thought of no harm.


                  Edward
                   Beacham
               



            , a pawn-broker, deposed, that the prisoner pawned a cloak with him on the 12th of June, which he said belonged to a woman at his house. (The cloak produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)


                  Charlotte
                   Boran
               



             deposed, that she was present at the Brown Bear, near Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's; that there the prisoner gave the pawnbroker's duplicate to the prosecutrix, and said he was sorry for what he had done.
The prisoner, in his defence, said, that the prosecutrix picked him up; that he carried her to his comrade's room; that there she said she had been married to him five years, and gave him her cloak to pawn.
He called two soldiers and a woman to prove this, but they gave contradictory accounts of the matter; he also called the man, at whose house he lay, and his serjeant, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
