







420, 421, 422. (M.) 
               
                  
                     PATRICK
                      SHIELDS
                  



               
            , 
               
                  ALSOP
                   MANN
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      RUTLEGE
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one mattras, value 40 s. one feather-bed, value 5 l. four cotton curtains, value 10 s. three blankets, value 10 s. one looking glass, value 2 s. and one japanned tea board, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Morse
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            , March 1st
. ++


                  William
                   Morse
               



            . I am a mason
 by trade and live at Paddington


. On the 1st of March I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; I saw them about six o'clock in the evening, and missed them about six in the morning; they were all in one bed chamber; I found the window open and they were gone; I do not know who took them. The constable will give an account of the things found at the pawnbroker's.


                  Percival
                   Phillips
               



            . On the 7th of March I was at the 
               
                  Brown
                   Bear
               



             in Bow-street; Kingham came and told me there were some things in his house that were advertised; I went to his house; I went up stairs and saw the tea board on the table; there was a girl in the room; it was Rutlege's room; he was not at home; I staid till he came home, at twelve o'clock; he came home; and Rutlege told me Mann was in the passage below; I went down and laid hold of him; the tea board has been in my custody ever since. (The tea board produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Caleb
                   Kingham
               



            . Rutlege lodged in my house: I went and informed Phillips that there were things in the house that were advertised; I did not see them; my wife told me of them; one night when we were a-bed Rutlege came and knocked at our door; he said his wife was not at home, and desired to leave something; I would not let my wife open the door but in the morning there was something left at the door done up like a bed; I saw the tea-board in the room.
Q. from Rutlege. Did I ever lie in the house in my life?
Kingham. Yes; a woman lived there that passed for his wife, and he frequently came and lay there.


                  Ann
                   Kingham
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness: Rutlege lodged at our house; he used to come home at night in general, sometimes at 12 o'clock, sometimes later or sooner; he did not come every night, but always came once a day; he came one night and left a new white mattras at our door; I saw it.


                  Mary
                   Moreing
               



            . I have kept company with Rutlege a twelvemonth; I was never married to him. I know nothing of the other prisoners; I have seen them in the public house. The teaboard was brought to my lodging; I cannot say by whom; they were all three in my room when I came home on Tuesday or Wednesday morning; the mattras, curtains, and blankets were brought altogether, but I do not know by whom; I was not in the room.
John Lane. These four curtains (producing them) and a glass, which is left at Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's left it should be broke in bringing here, were pawned at our house by 
               
                  Margaret
                   Moreing


            ; she is now in Newgate. (The curtains deposed to by Morse.)
There being no evidence against Shields he was not put upon his defence.
Mann's Defence.
I know nothing of it.
Rutlege's Defence.
Shields and Mann brought these things, and desired I would leave them in her room; they took them up themselves; I would have nothing to do with it; she was out; there was no lock on the door; we were all in the room when she came home. I never saw the mattras in my life.
MANN and RUTLEDGE 


               Guilty 39 s.
            




               T
            .
SHIELDS 


               Acquitted
            .
