





654. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     HENRY
                      DRAKE WATSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty remnants of Irish cloth, value 15 s, a quilted petticoat, value 2 s. a linen shift, value 6 d. two muslin aprons, value 2 s. two linen aprons, value 2 s. a remnant of India dimity, value 6 d. six linen handkerchiefs, value 18 d. two sprigged cloaks, value 3 s. six remnants of muslin, value 2 s. a pair of lawn ruffles, value 18 d. two pair of cotton stockings, value 6 d. five muslin caps, value 1 s. four remnants of lawn, value 1 s. a table cloth, value 1 s. five remnants of Russia cloth, value 1 s. and two pair of linen sleeves, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Jones
                  




               
            , August 15th
 +.


                  Thomas
                   Jones
               



            . I am a linen draper
 and live in Oxford-street; the prisoner was a shopman
 to me; he was employed under another man in a shop I have in Swallow-street


; a servant who has the care of that shop, told me he had been looking over the stock book, and found several erasements had been made in it; I immediately compared that stock book with the check I kept upon it, and found that such erasements had been made, and the things were missing; I got a warrant against the prisoner, and then I sent for him; I told him I had missed such things; he immediately confessed he had taken them, and begged of me not to prosecute him; he said he had kept company with a prostitute for twelve months, and had been very uneasy in his mind; that he had intended to acquaint me with it, and that he would leave off those ways, but did not know what to do; he did intend to tell me, but was afraid of the woman discovering it; he had persuaded her to go to service next day, and then intended to leave off these ways.
On his cross examination he was asked if he did not promise him favour; to which he replied in the negative.
The prisoner called 
               
                  David
                   Bynan
               



            , who said he had a warrant to apprehend the prisoner; that the things were found by the prisoner's direction; and that Mr. Jones said he would not hurt him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
