






275, 276. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      CARTER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL
                      DAW
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Hornby
                  




               
            , Jan. 20
. ++


                  William
                   Hornby
               



            . On the 20th of January between seven and eight o'clock, I was going along Gracechurch-street


, I heard a voice say, Your pocket, sir; I put my hand in my pocket and missed my handkerchief; a gentleman pointed to the prisoner, and said they are the persons I believe; I laid hold of them, and found my handkerchief in Daw's breeches pocket, some part in his breeches; (the handkerchief produced and deposed to.) I took him to the Compter; he said he knew nothing of me; that he bought the handkerchief in Rosemary-lane; Carter was with him; they were hand in hand as it were, so I took them both.


                  Charles
                   Barry
               



            . I was coming out of Fenchurch-street; turning round the corner I saw the two prisoners close to that gentleman's pocket; I called out to him; the prosecutor put his hand to his pocket and missed his handkerchief; he took hold of the prisoners and found the handkerchief on Daw; we took them to the Compter.
Carter's Defence.
They have both forswore themselves: it was not in Daw's pocket, it was in mine; I bought it in Rag Fair; I never was a thief, nor ever intended to thieve.
Daw's Defence.
They did not take it out of my pocket; they took it out of Carter's; I never had the handkerchief in my life.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
