






126. 127. (L.) 
               
                  
                     FRANCES
                      BAILEY
                  



               
            , spinster, and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      ELLIS
                  



               
            , spinster, were indicted for 


               stealing five pair of silk stockings value thirty shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert
                            Partridge
                        



                     
                  , privately in the shop of the said Robert
            , December 19th
. ++
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoners.


                  Joseph
                   Thomson
               



            . On Monday the 19th of December, I saw the prisoners in Fleet-street, they behaved very indecent, being a peace officer, I thought proper to follow them. They sat down in New-street, Shoe-lane, and seemed to be sharing something, I called to Mr. Figgins to assist me in taking them; I took a pair of white silk stockings out of Ellis's lap, and when they got up, there were several other pair of stockings found, we took them to Mr. Figgins's house; while we waited for the door to be opened, they dropped four pair of silk stockings which I picked up.
(The stockings were all produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.


                  John
                   Figgins
               



            , confirmed the evidence of 
               
                  Joseph
                   Thomson
               



            :


                  John
                   Brown
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Partridge. 
               
                  Francis
                   Bailey
               



             and 
               
                  Sarah
                   Atkins
               



            , came to my master's shop on the 19th of December, and desired to see some white silk stockings, they seemed very difficult to please, at last they ordered me to take a parcel to the Bagnio, and they went away, I went to the Bagnio, the people there, told me it was all a hum, they were not ordered.


                  Sarah
                   Atkins
               



            , an accomplice, deposed that she and the prisoners stole the stockings, in the prosecutor's shop.
Bailey's Defence.
I have nothing to say.
Ellis's Defence.
I was not out with that young woman.
Both 


               Guilty of stealing the goods, but not guilty of stealing them privately in the shop
            . 



               T
            .
Frances Bailey and 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Ellis
               



             were tried upon another indictment for stealing silk stockings privately, in the shop of another Hosier when the jury found the same verdict as on the last trial.
