





316. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      East
                  



               
             was indicted ( together with 
               
                  John
                   West
               



            , not yet taken) for 


               stealing two stone rings set in gold, value 8 s. one stuff petticoat, value 6 s. one woolen cloth cloak, value 3 s. one woolen cloth coat, value 6 s. one stuff waistcoat, value 6 s. one silk and cotton waistcoat, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Brownsword
                  




               
            , April 24
. *
- Fisher. I live at Mr. Brownsword's; who is a silversmith by trade, and keeps a chandler's shop
 in Long-lane


; on the twenty-fourth of April last, between the hours of nine and ten at night, two women came into the shop for a halfpennyworth of beer; Mrs. Brownsword said, somebody was up stairs, for she heard the floor crack; she went up; three men came down stairs; the prisoner was the last man; I laid hold of him by the collar; we had a scuffle and fell out at the door together; in the struggle I tore off part of the collar of his coat; as I was endeavouring to pull him up the steps of the passage we fell out together into the passage from the stair foot, and part of his coat came off in my hand when he broke from me and his handkerchief; he asked me for his handkerchief, which I gave him again. Mrs. Brownsword and I went up stairs together; there was a green cloth, like a wrapper, upon the ground, and a double breasted coat, two waistcoats, a petticoat, and a red cloth cloak, they were all put together upon the ground in Mrs. Brownsword's chamber.
- Brownsword. I was alarmed by the cracking of the cieling over head, and I thought I heard feet in my room; I had been in the room and double locked the door about an hour before, and had the key in my pocket.
Q. Did the green cloth and those things you found on the floor, lie there when you was in the room before?
Brownsword. No; the green cloth was at the bottom of a drawer in the chest of drawers; when I had got up about three stairs I saw West coming down, he had lodged with me formerly; I asked him how he dare come into my room; he said, Bl - t your eyes, I don't care for your room. I endeavoured to secure him; I scuffled some time with him; he threw me down, and got from me; I turned about and saw the prisoner and Mr. Fisher down; he got up and left the handkerchief in Mr. Fisher's hands; I caught him in my arms; the rings were taken out of a little drawer in a chest of drawers. Fisher was in the passage, and the prisoner out of it. Fisher was drawing him up the step. I held him, and cried out, Murder! Mrs. Lester came down and helped us to secure him; he was never out of my hands; he had one shoe and stocking on; and a piece was tore off his cape; he struck me and beat me down to get away.
Q. Was the lock broke?
Brownsword. No; it was unlocked or picked; we searched him, and found this key, two pieces of wire, and some pieces of candle. ( producing them.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a spatterdash-maker; I make children's pumps
; I had been to Moorfields with some spatterdashers; I met a young man, 
               
                  Jack
                   West
               



            , and we went opposite the prosecutor's house to have some purl. West said he lived at the prosecutor's house; a friend with him asked me to sup with him; I went in; West went up stairs and came down again, and asked if I was coming; I went with him; West cried out to the other along with him, and said, You rascal, d - n your eyes, what do you bring this chap with you for? soon after, this woman came up with a candle; I being the last, they stopped me.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
See him tried No. 260 last Sessions.
