





119. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      ARCHER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Lewis
                            Hales
                        




                     
                  , between the hours of one and two (no person being therein) and stealing two men's cloth coats, value 20 s. one pair of cloth breeches, value 2 s. one pair of worsted breeches, value 1 s. one cloth waistcoat, value 6 s. one child's cloth coat, value 2 s. one child's cloth waistcoat, value 6 d. one child's hat, value 6 d. seven pair of white thread stockings, value 7 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 3 s. one muslin neckcloth, value 6 d. one pair of steel knee buckles, value 4 d. one linen gown, value 8 s. one linen apron, value 2 s. one silk bonnet, value 2 s. one pair of common leather shoes, value 1 s. 6 d. two laced linen caps, value 2 s. threw plain linen caps, value 1 s. two French bead necklaces, value 2 s. one silk handkerchief, value 1 s. one linen handkerchief, value 3 d. one wooden box with an iron lock and key, value 1 s. one paper fan, value 6 d. four silk ribbons, value 1 s. two linen housewifes, value 6 d. one silk pincushion, value 2 d. one half guinea, and one quarter of a guinea, the property of the said Lewis, in his dwelling house
            . ++


                  Lewis
                   Hales
               



            . I am a 
               
                  journeyman
                   paper stainer
               




            . My house was robbed lately, between one and two o'clock in the day time, while I was out. I left my wife at home when I went out, but I find she went out afterwards. I lost the things; the cloth coats, two pair of breeches, a black cloth waistcoat, a pair of thread stockings, and a pair of black rib stockings, the half guinea and quarter guinea, I gave my daughter to put in her box.
Q. In what room?
Hales. There is but one room to the house; it is a small garden house. I found them wanting as soon as I returned: my wife came back before me. These things I found in the prisoner's lodgings; I found a coat upon a little boy at the time the prisoner was apprehended; I found the coat upon the back of the prisoner. All these things have been in my possession ever since: the coat and waistcoat were upon his back; the other things in his lodgings. I am positive they are my property. The trunk has something singular in it that I can distinguish it by.


                  Sarah
                   Hales
               



            . On the 15th of November last, about nine o'clock I went out after my husband; I returned before him, about four in the afternoon; the windows and doors were shut when I went out; when I came home, the gutter over the window was broke down, and the window open. The things mentioned in the indictment were taken away. (The rest of the things that the husband had not particularly deposed to were deposed to by this witness).


                  John
                   Dormer
               



             . I am a weaver: I took the prisoner: I took the coat; he had the coat now produced soon his back.


                  Mary
                   Davis
               



            . I saw a man between one and two o'clock drop out of the window of the prosecutor's house. I am positive that man is the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
These things were given to me; I have a witness to prove it.
For the Prisoner.


                  Mary
                   Wilson
               



             Some time in the latter end of October, or the beginning of November; it must be within these two months; I was then a servant to one Abbott, that lived upon Saffron-hill; the prisoner used to come to and fro; he was employed to fetch some rabbits for him; when he brought them home, Abott having promised to give him something for his trouble, gave him that coat.
Q. How did your master come by it?
Wilson. I saw him bring a bundle of things into the house; I suppose the coat and waistcoat were contained in it.
Q. When was it brought in?
Wilson. Three or four days before; it was a brown coat and waistcoat with white metal buttons.
Witness. I believe that coat and waistcoat are them.




               Guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house and stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d
            . 


               T
            .
