





183. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Ashman
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen shirt, value 2 s. one linen apron, value 6 d. one pair of shoe-buckles, value 12 s. one pair of silver studs, value 2 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 12 d. one linen bag, value 1 d. one half guinea, nine shillings and sixpence in money, numbered, and one hundred and fifty-six copper halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Vaughan
                  




               
            , Dec. 28
. ~


                  Thomas
                   Vaughan
               



            . I am waiter
 at the Crooked Billet, Kingsland Road


. The house takes in travellers to lodge. On the twenty-second of December, the prisoner came to take a lodging. He continued there till the Friday after Christmas day. On the twenty-eighth I lay in the same room with him; there were two beds in that room, and two other persons that are lodgers lay in the same room likewise. The things mentioned in the indictment were locked up in a cloaths-chest in the room where I and the prisoner lay: I saw them the afternoon before I missed them, which was on the twenty-seventh. I had put some money in my box. I took out the key, and the next afternoon I went up again for a clean shirt and apron. I tried before I attempted to unlock the box. I saw that the nails that fastened the catch of the lid were all cut; these nails being out, there was nothing else to do but to lift up the lid of the box. I looked into the box, and missed all the things in the indictment. The prisoner's going away, and not returning again, induced me to suspect him. The other two men that lay in the same room continued in the house, but the prisoner was gone. Some time after, in January, the apron was found on him. I was not present when he was stopped. I brought him home; he had that blue apron on him, which is marked with the initial letters of my name. I am very certain that these buckles were mine; I know them by the discolour of them; being obliged to work in the wet in a cellar, the water had given them a yellow tinge.
- Lowtherfield. I am foreman to Mr. Harrington, a pawnbroker in Turnball-street. The prisoner pawned these buckles at our house for nine shillings: I am certain he is the person; I had known him six months before.


                  John
                   Rush
               



            . I am the constable. When the prisoner was committed to my care, I heard him own that he took out the buckles and the money. He said, he had broke open the box with a pair of scissars, and a small heater. He told me where he had pawned these buckles; that it was in Turnball-street, but did not say the name of the pawnbroker; but he went with me, and shewed me the house, and there the buckles were. This confession was made voluntarily.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not break open the box.
For the Prisoner.


                  Ann
                   Rigg
               



            . I have known him twelve months; I never heard any harm of him before this.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
