








314, 315, 316, 317. (M.) 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL
                      BENJAMIN
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     LEVI
                      ABRAHAMS
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     EDWARD
                      CRAVEN
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      SIDAY
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one wooden box, value 1 s. and one sattin sack coat, value 20 s. two silk cardinals, value 10 s. one pair of muslin ruffles, value 2 s two linen shirts, value 6 s. one muslin apron, value 10 s. one silk handkerchief, value 1 s. eight yards of linen cloth, value 8 s. and 3 lb. of green tea, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Marsh
                  




               
            , May 6th
. ~


                  James
                   Seabroke
               



            . I drive a hackney coach: I was called by Mr. Marsh from Catherine-street end in the Strand, to take up a fair, the 6th of this month; I took up Mr. Marsh, and a couple of Ladies, at a house on this side the New Church, in the Strand; they put some trifling parcels into the coach; I do not know what these parcels were; a deal box was put into the boot, they ordered me to Newgate-street


, I drove there; they all got out; I waited about half an hour for them; when I got down to let them out the box was in the boot; I walked about by the coach and when I got up again to drive them to the Swan and two Necks, the box was gone.


                  Sarah
                   Marsh
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph
                   Marsh
               



            : I went in a hackney-coach from the Strand about eight o'clock on the 6th of this month; we gave the coachman charge of a large box that was put into the boot; I saw it put in; we went to Newgate street, and staid there about half an hour: when we came out the coachman informed us the box was missing, the things in the coach were safe. About eleven o'clock the owner of the coach gave us intelligence that the things were at the rotation office in Whitechapel; I went there and saw the box and the things at the office. (The box and the contents produced and deposed to.) I packed up the box myself.


                  John
                   Wilcox
               



            . I am a labouring man; I saw Craven bring the box that has been produced into Marlborough court, Petticoat-lane; about ten o'clock at night on Thursday the 6th of May; I saw him go into a house and up stairs with it; Benjamin and Abrahams were with him; one Gekee Boo keeps that house, he is a Jew. I went into the next entry and peeped through a crevice in the next house to see what was in this box, because I thought they did not come honestly by it; I saw the box on a chair, it was open.
Q. Could you see distinctly?
Wilcox. Yes; I could see all the prisoners but one, he was sitting down; they were examining the things, there was a gown, a silk sack, and a gause apron I think it was; I went and fetched Simmons and Files and we went into the room; the things were then lying on the ground; and there was a man I believe buying of them; the prisoners were all in the room. and the man looking at them; we secured Craven and Benjamin, the other man got up the chimney; I told Simmons there was one up the Chimney, he looked, and pulled him down by the leg; then we carried them all to Whitechapel watch-house; the next day I went before the justice and they were committed.


                  William
                   Simmons
               



            . The 6th of this month Wilcox came to a house I use, and said he saw three men carry a box into a house in Marlborough-court, Files and I went with him directly; we found the door on the latch; we went in, saw all the prisoners there, and the things lying on the floor; I asked them what they did with these things, they said they found them; one of the prisoners got up the chimney; and I helped to pull him down by the leg.
Q. Look at the box can you swear to it?
Simmons. Yes; there was a black silk gown, a sack and petticoat, and other things; I took them to my house.
Benjamin's Defence.
We had been drinking together in Holborn, and as we were coming home we saw this box lie in the highway; we helped it on Craven's back and he carried it home.
Abraham's Defence.
I cannot say much.
Siday's Defence.
I am innocent of it.
Craven's Defence.
We had been drinking together in Holborn, about ten o'clock at night, and as we were going home, in the middle of Newgate-street, I saw a box in the highway, about three or four yards from the pavement; I said to them here is a box, I will carry it home, and if there is any thing in it I will advertise it; I took it home and carried it up stairs, and in about a quarter of an hour the men came, and asked what we did with the box; I said we found it, if it was theirs they were welcome to it.
For Benjamin.


                  George
                   Rattering
               



            . I have known Benjamin four years: I do not know what character he bears; his mother bears a good character; she lodges in my house. I never heard any thing amiss of him.
Q. How does he get his bread?
Rattering. I do not know.
Dove Benjamin. I am his mother: he has always been an industrious youth; he sells all manner of haberdashery
; he goes to markets and fairs.


                  Clary
                   Marks
               



            . I have known Benjamin four years; he bears a very good character.


                  Abraham
                   Levi
               



            . I have known Benjamin from a child: he always bore an extraordinary good character.


                  Mary
                   Ells
               



            . I have known Benjamin about eight years; he is a very honest industrious boy.


                  Jane
                   Levi
               



            . I have known him from an infant; he always bore a very honest character.
BENJAMIN, 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
ABRAHAMS, 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
CRAVEN, 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
SIDAY, 

               acquitted
            .
