








337, 338, 339. 
               
                  
                     JOHNSON
                      GRUDGEFIELD
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     CHARLES
                      KING
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      MERRIT
                  



               
             were indicted, the two first for 


               stealing twelve bushels of malt, value 2 l.
             he property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin
                      Nuthal
                  



               
            .
2d Count. Laying them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin
                      Quinton
                  



               
            , March the 30th


, the other for 


               counselling, hiring, and commanding the said 
                     
                        Johnson
                         Grudgefield
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Charles
                         King
                     



                   to commit the said felony
            .
3 d Count. For 


               receiving nine bushels of the said goods, knowing them to be stolen
            .
4th Count. For counselling, &c. the said prisoners to commit the felony secondly abovementioned.
5th Count. For receiving nine bushels of the said goods as upon the second Count.


                  EDWARD
                   SAVAGE
               



             sworn.
The vessel these goods were stole out of, lay off Ipswich key




: upon the 19th of March between twelve and one, while I was in my cabbin, I saw Grutchfield and 
               
                  Joseph
                   Westcote
               



             fill four bags with malt out of the fore peake of the vessel; and they put them on board a skuller, in which was the prisoner King; and they all went off with it.


                  BENJAMIN
                   QUINTON
               



             sworn.
I am master of the ship: Savage informed me of what he had seen; I was called up about four o'clock; I saw 
               
                  Johnson
                   Grudgefield
               



             come on board again and go down into the forecastle; upon which I put the hatch down over him; then I asked him where he got the malt from? he said out of the fore peake; I asked him what quantity they had? he said about four bags; I enquired where Westcote was? he said at the watch-house; I went there to look for him, when I came there I saw Merrit at the door: the prisoners King and Westcote were then in the watch-house; I had seen Merrit along side drinking with these people upon the 26th.


                  WILLIAM
                   FISCHATT
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman: as I was returning to my stand from crying the hour, I saw the prisoner King come up from Wapping Newstairs with a sack upon his shoulder; I stopped him and made him bring back his sack and pitch it close by the door of my stand; he then desired me to go to Merrit's, who he said would answer for this corn: I told him, no, I would go to the officer of the night; King staid at my stand till I came back again; upon the officer of the night enquiring into it, I took up King and Westcote, and carried them to the watch-house; Merrit came to the watch-house door and told the constable it was only a little sweepings the men had got, and desired the constable to let them have it; there were about three bushels in the sack.


                  ALEXANDER
                   FAULKNER
               



             sworn.
I am the constable; I saw Merrit at the watch-house after King and Westcote were in custody: Merrit said,
"Officer, I will give
"you a few shillings to let these poor fellows
"go; it is only a few sweepings they are
"bringing to me:" I examined and found that instead of sweepings, it was clean malt; Merrit was taken into custody next morning:
"Merrit asked me to let him empty the malt
"into a dirtier sack to make it look like sweepings" and said;
"He would give me half
"a guinea to let him mix some dirt with " the malt;" which I refused: when I first took King and Westcote at Wapping Newstairs, Merrit was in company with them, and Westcote delivered something of a sail cloth to Merrit, that they were to have covered the corn with.
"Mr. ATKINSON, the factor to whom
"the malt was consigned, deposed, that he
"had compared the corn that was in the
"sack found upon King's back, with a sample
"taken out of this ship; and that it
"was exactly the same sort of corn."


                  JOSEPH
                   WESTCOTE
               



             sworn.
King and Merrit were together in a boat, Merrit invited me to drink with him; Merrit gave me a pint of purl and invited me to his house; I went and supped with him at his house the next evening, there Merrit introduced a conversation, whether I had any sweepings; I told him, no: he said, when I was going away, I had better take a bag or two on board till I had some; at his request I took four bags; upon Friday night following Merrit and King came along side the ship in a boat, and asked me to go up after a stoop in the river; we could not meet with the stoop: then Merrit said he had spoke to Savage about a few sweepings, and would send the waterman for them between four and five in the morning; at one the boat came; we filled four sacks and put them on the gunnel, they then put them into the boat, and I and Grudgefield went with him into the boat; there we shot two of the parcels of corn into one sack: they were all carried to Merrit's house; I saw Merrit afterwards at the watch-house.
GRUDGEFIELD's DEFENCE.
Westcote employed me to carry the corn on shore.
KING's DEFENCE.
Westcote employed me as a skuller
; the parcels were put in my boat; I did not know that any harm was intended by any body; I was ordered to take them on shore; at last Westcote desired me to take up this sack of corn and to follow him; when I came up the stairs the watchman seized me; I did not offer to go away; I let the watchman go to the constable in order to examine about this corn, and I was found there when he returned.
King called one witness who gave him a good character.
MERRIT's DEFENCE.
I keep poultry and buy sweepings to feed them with: these people came and borrowed bags of me, and said they had some sweepings to bring; I concluded it was dirty corn; I happened by accident to be up that night, and they did bring some bad offal corn for sweepings to my house; then another bag was afterwards taken upon King; what that was I cannot say: Westcote told me he had got into a scrape, and he asked me to help him out of it, and therefore I did tell the constable it was a trifling thing and hoped he would let him go; I did that merely to save him.
Merrit called nine witnesses who had known him many years and gave him a good character.
GRUDGEFIELD 

               GUILTY
            .
KING 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
MERRIT GUILTY.
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .





[No punishment. See summary.]






[Transportation. See summary.]


