






688, 689. (M.) 
               
                  
                     HANNAH
                      SMITH
                  



               
            , spinster, and 
               
                  
                     ANNA
                      MARIA DAKINS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe buckles, and three guineas and ten shillings in money numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Abraham
                         Hardy
                     



                  , privately from the person of the said Abraham
            . *


                     Abraham
                      Hardy
                  




               
            . Last Tuesday night I lost three guineas, and ten shillings in money, and a pair of silver buckles from the house I lodged at in St. Catharine's


. I went to the house with 
               
                  Maria
                   Dakins
               



            , and staid with her there the whole night; there were two beds in the room; the mistress of the house lodged in the same room; in the other bed. I missed my money and my buckles; about two o'clock in the morning my money was in my breeches pocket; when I went to bed, I took my buckles out of my shoes, and put them into my breeches pocket, and I put my breeches under my bolster. I waked about two in the morning, and the woman asked me for money for beer; I found my money and my buckles gone. 
               
                  Hannah
                   Smith
               



             was at that time sitting in the room. I did not know any thing of her being in the room before: I immediately charged the watch with Dakins, but she said she believed 
               
                  Hannah
                   Smith
               



             had the buckles; she went with me to the sign of the Punch Bowl, to shew me where 
               
                  Hannah
                   Smith
               



             was. I charged the watch with her. 
               
                  Jones
               


             the officer had got Smith and the buckles while we were gone to Justice Sherwood's, and we found them there when we returned.
(The buckles were produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  William
                   Jones
               



            . I am a constable; another constable had brought the prisoner Dakins to the watch house. I saw her there about eight in the morning; then I went to the Punch Bowl, where Smith was with other persons; I asked there who had the man's buckles? Smith directly said she had them, and she took them out of the room where the man lay, left somebody else should; and that she did not take them with an intent to steal them; then she gave me the buckles, and immediately followed me to the watch house.
Smith's Defence.
I took them in order to take care of them for the prosecutor.
Dakins's Defence.
I know nothing of it.
They called no witnesses.
Both 


               guilty of stealing the goods, but not guilty of stealing them privately from the person
            . 




               T
            .
