






467, 468. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     CHRISTIAN
                      SWAN
                  



               
            , spinster, and ELEANOR, the wife
 of 
               
                  William
                   MILLS
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat, value 20 s. a black cloth coat, value 2 s. a scarlet cloth waistcoat, value 12 s. a flannel waistcoat, value 6 d. a cotton bed quilt, value 4 s. 6 d. one linsey bed curtain, value 12 s. a silk handkerchief, value 1 s. four cotton handkerchiefs, value 2 s. a cotton gown, value 2 s. a linen shirt, value 1 s. a linen shift, value 6 d. a pair of men's leather shoes, value 1 s. and a pair of base metal buckles, value 4 d. the property of 
                     
                        Daniel
                         Maclane
                     



                  , in his dwelling house
            , June 29
. ++


                     Daniel
                      Maclane
                  




               
            . The several things mentioned in the indictment were in my chamber over night when I went to bed; I found them missing at five in the morning; I do not know whether I locked my door or no.


                  Robert
                   Chase
               



            . This quilt (producing it) was pawned with me by 
               
                  Christian
                   Swan
               



            .


                  Catherine
                   Smith
               



             produces a coat; it was pawned to me by 
               
                  
                     Eleanor
                      Mills
                  



               
            .


                  John
                   Goodwin
               



            . This pair of shoes (producing them) was pawned with me last Thursday week by Mills.


                  Christian
                   Maclane
               



             produced a bundle found in Mill's lodgings, and deposed that Swan lodged in the house.
The prosecutor and his wife deposed to the different articles that were produced.
The two prisoners, in their defence, said they found them at the door in the street when there were none but they present.
Both 


               Guilty 39 s.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


