








250, 251, 252. ( 2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HATFIELD
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      RICHARDSON
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN
                      PRICE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing twenty-one yards of cloth, value 21 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Clough
                  




               
            , December the 4th
 ++.


                  James
                   Clough
               



            . I am a whitster
, and live at Old-Ford below Bow; my wife and I had been to Whitechapel, and bought twenty-one yards of white linen cloth; we went to the Whittington and Cat; while I was telling out two shillings worth of half-pence my cloth was taken away; the prisoners were in the room; I charged them with it; they denied it; I sent for an officer, but he said the suspicion was not strong enough to detain them; I went to enquire after my cloth among the pawnbrokers, but heard nothing of it; some time after the prisoners were taken up, and I was sent for to Whitechapel; there Thorpe the evidence confessed stealing the cloth.


                  William
                   Sheldon
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Nemias the pawnbroker; a soldier came to my master's and sold a piece of linen cloth, my master sold it afterwards; I believe it was brought by Richardson; I do not think Thorpe brought it.


                  John
                   Thorpe
               



            . The prisoners and I stole the cloth from the prosecutor, at the Whittington and Cat in Whitechapel


; Richardson took it out of the box while he was drinking; Richardson and I went with it to Nemias's; Richardson went in with it, and I waited for him at the door; Richardson told me he got 13 s. 3 d. for it; we shared the money between us four.
Q. From Hatfield. Did I know any thing of it being taken out of the house?
Thorpe. No, he did not; we told him of it afterwards, but he did not see it taken out of the house, but we gave him part of the money; he went with us to assist us in disposing of it.
Q. from Price. Did I know of it being taken out of the house?
Thorpe. Yes.
Court. Did Richardson know of it?
Thorpe. Yes, he took it.
Richardson's Defence.
I know nothing further than Thorpe desired me to sell the cloth for him, he said it was his own cloth, that it was sent him out of the country.
Price's Defence.
I know nothing at all of it. I was drinking in the public house, the Whittington and Cat; I went to my quarters; I know nothing at all of it.
For the Prisoners.


                  Benjamin
                   Cooper
               



            . I am a corporal; the three prisoners belong to the same regiment I do; I never heard any thing against their characters as honest men; I never heard a complaint of either of them. The evidence does not bear so good a character; he has deserted once or twice.
HATFIELD and PRICE 

               acquitted
            .
RICHARDSON 

               guilty
            



               T
            .
The court reproved Nemias for his improper conduct.
