








104, 105, 106. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Spruciar
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William
                      Pearce
                  



               
            , were indicted, together with 
               
                  James
                   Pease
               



            ; (not yet taken,) for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward
                            Jones
                        



                     
                   on December 9

. about the hour of nine in the night, and stealing nine linen shirts, a pair of leather breeches, two woollen cloth coats, a thick set waistcoat, a cloth waistcoat, a cotton bed gown, and two handkerchiefs, the property of the said 
                     
                        Edward
                         Jones
                     



                  , in his dwelling house
            .
Both 

               Acquitted
            .
107. (L.) 
               
                  William
                   Pearce
               



             was a second time indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Barnes
                         Masters
                     



                   on December 28

, about the hour of 6 in the night, and stealing two linen gowns, four cotton gowns, one small table cloth, a tea chest, six silver tea spoons, a gold ring and a stay book, the property of the said Barnes, in his dwelling house
            . ++


                  Barbara
                   Masters
               



            . I am wife of Barnes Masters: I live in White-friars



: my house was broke open on December 28. I first discovered it between six and seven in the evening. I went to a neighbour's over the way at six o'clock; she went to the door; she came in again, and told me, there was somebody in my house; there was a light in the room; I went over, and saw the prisoner coming down stairs with a candle in his hand. He said, the door was open, and he went up to see for one Jones. We secured him; he struggled very much to get away; when I went up stairs, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  Elizabeth
                   Abel
               



            . I saw a light in the one pair of stairs as we went over to Mrs. Masters: there was a man in the shop looked up to the window and cried, Hip. We secured him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going into Silver street, to enquire for Mr. Jones. I saw this door open; the candle was upon the stairs; I went in, and called for Mr. Jones; the woman came, and tore my cloaths, and used me ill.




               Guilty of stealing
            . 




               T
            .
