







298, 299. (1st M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Smith
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Thompson
                  



               
            , spinster
, were indicted for 


               stealing one turn-up bedstead, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Thompson
                  




               
            , April 1
. *


                  William
                   Thompson
               



            . I live in Ratcliffe-highway


. On the first of April, about six in the evening, an opposite neighbour, Mr. Norgrave, told me something was stolen; I followed the prisoner, Smith; down Pennington-street, there I overtook him with the bedstead, already tied up as the men brought it home. I cried, Stop thief; he asked me how I had the impudence to take hold of him with the bedstead. I said it was my property. He made a great noise, at first; at last, he took the bedstead back, and put it in the same place it was before. He said, before the justice, that he bought it of my wife, and that he left a woman to pay for it. I am certain it was my bedstead.


                  Thomas
                   Norgrave
               



            . Just at six o'clock in the evening, I was in my own house; I saw the prisoner take a bedstead from the prosecutor's door; he fell backwards with it against the house; the corner of the house kept him up. He stood for two or three minutes; the woman gave him a sign when she thought it safe to take it; he staid two or three minutes before he took it, then the woman assisted him; he ran down Nightingale-lane with it. I went over, and told the prosecutor; he pursued him: I went after him. The prisoner said, when the prosecutor stopped him, that it was his own property, and he would swear a robbery against him. We persuaded him to bring it back: he said he left the woman to pay for it. He said, before the justice, that he paid the prosecutor's wife for it: first he said one thing, then another.
Jennet Thompson. I am wife to the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner about the door: I never sold him any, nor took earnest for any.
Smith's Defence.
I was in a publick house with my wife: I sat down half an hour: a man came in, and wanted a porter; I agreed to carry the bedstead for him; I bid my wife stay. The man put it on my shoulder; I went down after him; I could not overtake him: the people cried out, Stop thief; my wife came out. When they found she was my wife, they took her to the justice. Thompson is her maiden name; she is my wife. Lord have mercy upon my soul, what a hard case it is!
Thompson's Defence.
I came up, when the crowd was about, and asked what was the matter. I know nothing about it.
For the Prisoner.


                  John
                   Ragland
               



            . The prisoner has rented the back part of a house of me six months. He is a blacksmith; he has paid me very honestly; I know no harm of him.
Smith, 

               Guilty
            



               T
            .
Thompson 

               Acquitted
            .
