






573. (M.) 
               
                  
                     HENRY
                      SAUL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s. one silk handkerchief, value 2 s. a silk waistcoat, value 5 s. one pair of leather-breeches, value 5 s. one nankeen waistcoat, value 2 s. 6 d. and two linen shirts. value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Dutton
                  




               
            , May 11th
. +


                  John
                   Dutton
               



            . I live in Eagle-street, Spitalfields


; I have been a pawn broker
; the prisoner came to lodge with me the beginning of April, and absconded on the 11th of May; soon after he was gone, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment. The prisoner's father gave out, that he had sent him abroad; I found the prisoner at Mr. Hopley's, a pawnbroker, in Magpie-alley last Friday night.


                  John
                   Hopley
               



            . The prisoner pawned two chairs with me on the 9th of May for 1 s. 8 d. when he came again, I secured him, and sent for Mr. Dutton. (The chairs produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Henry
                   Wild
               



            . The prisoner pawned a chair at my master's; Mr. Master's in Holborn. (The chair produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  John
                   Coley
               



            . The prisoner pawned this chair with me on the 20th of April. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Abraham
                   Buckey
               



            . I lodge at Mr. Dutton's; the morning the prisoner absconded, I found some tools under his bed; he gave me a list of the pawnbrokers with whom he had pledged the goods.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not force open any door.




               Guilty. 2 s.
            



               T
            .
