






321, 322. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      WHITEHEAD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      EADES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a smelling bottle with an ivory case, value 3 s. an ivory tooth-pick case, value 3 s. and three paper cases, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Hall
                  




               
            , Jan. 21
. ~


                  Sarah
                   Hall
               



            . I am wife of Joseph Hall, who lives at the corner of Beaufort-buildings


; I keep a perfumer's shop; some things were missing; I not being at home cannot give an account of them.


                  Richard
                   Bond
               



            . On the 21st of January we had an information of a robbery in the Five Fields, Chelsea; upon which I went to search some houses at Westminster; I took the person robbed with me, and two other persons, at the door of the Nag's Head, which is a bad house, and which I had some suspicion of as a place of resort for bad people; I went into Tothil-street; I found Whitehead and the evidence at the door; Whitehead appeared to be in a good deal of confusion; upon that I took more particular notice of him; I observed him put something into his breeches pocket; having a strong suspicion of him I took hold of both his hands and held him fast, and desired the other two persons that went with me to secure the other person and Jordain the evidence; I took him into the Nag's Head; on searching him I found a small bottle in his breeches pocket; (Mrs. Hall deposes to it.)


                  Peter
                   Senhouse
               



            . I was the person that secured the evidence; I found in his coat pocket a toothpick case; (produced and deposed to by Mrs. Hall.)


                  Henry
                   Jordain
               



            , the accomplice. Whitehead and I went from the Nag's Head in January, the latter end; we went together into the street; there we met Eades the other prisoner; we stopt at the persumer's, the corner of Beaufort Buildings; at first we looked in and passed by; then Whitehead and I returned, and Whitehead took a knife and said I fancy there is some buckles or something within this pane of glass, and with his knife cracked the glass; but there was nothing there; upon that with the knife, he broke the shew glass, and he took out the things, and he gave them to me as he took them out at that time; Eades was not there, he was at 20 yards distance, and did not know what we were about.
Q. Was he set there as a spy or watch, to give you an item if there was any danger to get away?
Jordain. No, he knew nothing of what we were about.
Whitehead's Defence.
I received these things of Jordain the evidence. I was coming down the Strand at the time; Jordain's pockets were so ragged he could not keep them himself, so he gave the bottle to me.
Eade's Defence.
I was going towards Temple Bar in order to visit my brother; after I had seen my brother I was going on towards Westminster; in my way home, in the Strand, I met Whitehead and Jordain together; they desired me to go on a little further and they would come to me; I did so; they overtook me soon after; they desired me to stop and they came back to me and gave me the thing found in my pocket.
Both 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


