





551. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Leppenwell
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 17 lb. of bread, a china saucers, 1 scrubbing brush, and 1 linen towel
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Drummond
                  




               
            , Aug. 29
. ++


                  Robert
                   Drummond
               



            . I am a baker
. I live in St. James's Market


. The prisoner has been my servant from about last Christmas. Last Saturday was fortnight bread fell short; he said there was too little made; we afterwards missed more bread. About six o'clock on the 29th, as I was sitting up, I heard a rattle twice at the window shutter; then the prisoner came up with four quartern loaves; he set them on the window. I came out and stood on the landing place of the stairs, and watched him; he opened the door, took the shutter down, and put it into the place, turned back the shutter, and the woman took the four loaves into her apron. I came down naked and catched her in the street; I was in my shirt; she had the four quartern loaves in her apron: we found were the woman lived and there they found these two saucers, 3 towel and a bag with flour. (producing them.) Before the justice she said she had paid him. He said she had not, and he thought she was going to pay when she ran away. There was not a word pass'd between them. I had but about a dozen steps to come down. I was standing three steps down when this happened.


                  Alexander
                   Drummond
               



            . My father called me up; I saw the woman throw the bread into the basket.
Prisoner's Defence.
When I went to open the shop I opened the door first; a woman came in and said she wanted four quartern loaves. She did not deny paying me for them. My master came down and laid hold of her. She said she did not want his bread without paying for it; he said no, she should not have it. The things were found at the lodgings of one 
               
                  Ann
                   Hale
               



            . the brush and saucers I bought myself; the children were playing with them; the woman that took the loaves is my wife.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
