






58, 59. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     HENRY
                      ELBER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      BRIGGS
                  



               
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing a canvas bag, value two pence; and forty pounds weight of tallow, value ten shillings
            ; the property of 
               
                  
                     Godfrey
                      Thornton
                  



               
            , Esq
; and the other for 


               receiving the above goods well knowing them to have been stolen
            , November 15th

. *
Constable 
               
                  Saunders
               


            . On the 15th of November last, I attended on the ship, out of which the tallow was stolen. On the 14th of November, in the evening; I delivered out of the ship, into the lighter forty pounds of tallow in my charge for 
               
                  Godfrey
                   Thornton
               



            . Elber was one of the young people employed on board the ship: he was what is called a Lumper
. On Tuesday the 15th in the morning; I missed this tallow. Young and I, and the mate of another ship, about ten o'clock, found the prisoner Elber at a public-house, in Limehouse, He had hid himself behind the door of the necessary, where Young took him; he confessed he took the tallow, and had sold it, to one Taylor, in St. Ann's, Lime-house. We went to Taylor's, he said, he had bought none; the prisoner said, he had, and that he had took it over the way and weighed it; and told him it weighed forty-one pound, bag and all. We asked Taylor where it was; then he said, it was gone out, but he believed he could get it presently: we insisted upon it being got, that I might see it: then the prisoner said, he took it to Brigg's lodgings, and said, he had got a prize, and did not know where to sell it, and Briggs shewed him Taylor's shop, where he might sell it; the tallow was brought to Young's house, where I was; the tallow looks like the same, the bag I am positive to.


                  John
                   Taylor
               



            , a cheesemonger and Grocer, deposed, that Briggs who is porter
 to him, came with another man, on the 15th of November, and acquainted him, they had some ships stuff to sell, and asked three pence-per pound, that he bought it, and paid ten shillings for it; but did not know which took up the money.


                  Ralph
                   Young
               



             confirmed the evidence of Saunders.
Elber said, in his defence, he found it. Briggs in his defence said, he went with Elber to shew him where to sell it,
Elber 


               guilty of stealing, to the value of ten-pence
            .
Briggs 

               acquitted
            .


                  John
                   Taylor
               



             received a very severe reprimand from the court, for the impropriety of his conduct.




[Transportation. See summary.]


