





771. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah
                      Cooper
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen gown, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Hore
                  




               
            , Oct. 1st
.


                  Charles
                   Hore
               



            . I lost a linen gown the first of October, it was lost out of a box in my lodgings; I live at Tothil-street, Westminster


; the prisoner goes by the name of Cooper; I have known her half a year, my child being ill, we desired her to sit up and attend her; she did, I was in the room where we lodge, we have only one room; I saw it in the box three or four days before.
Q. How did you first discover she had taken away the gown?
Hore. The woman was missing two days, we wondered what was the matter; I had spent all we had, and my wife said, we must get this gown and pawn, or sell it; my wife went to the box, and the things were missing.
Q. Was you present?
Hore. No; my wife told me so; about ten days after, the prisoner informed a young woman where the gown was pawned, that made me suspect her; the day after I went in search of her, and about eight o'clock at night, I met with her, and took her to the watch house; and the next day, to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's; as soon as I took her, she said she took the gown out of the box and pawned it to one Mrs. Aldridge in Pye-street, for 4 s. I took a constable and went to Aldridge's, and there I found the gown, while the woman was in the watch house.
Q. Do you know this gown yourself?

Hore. Yes. (the gown produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Jane
                   Aldridge
               



            . I cannot swear to the prisoner. I believe she was never in the shop before.
Q. Did you receive that gown of a woman?
Aldridge. Yes; it was left in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Foster
               



            ; I lent four shillings on it, on the first of October.


                  Mary
                   Hore
               



            . I can swear to the gown; it is mine.
Prisoner's Defence.
This gown Mr. Hore gave to me out of the box, on Tuesday night; he had no money, so he gave it me to be concerned with me; he went out into St. James's park, and under the fourth tree, by the gravel, he brought the gown there under his coat and gave it me; there was nobody there but ourselves. He spoke to me several times; I told him he had a wife; he came home drunk on Sunday night, and played his fun with me before his wife, and he put his thigh over mine. I am twenty one years old.
Q. to Hore. Whether on Sunday, you played your fun with her, by putting your knee on hers; did you make any of these overtures to her?
Hore. No; I never did in the world; I was quite the reverse of that; she would not take with me; it is very false.
Q. Did you take the gown out of the box?
Hore. No; I did not.
Q. Did you know the gown was out of the box before your wife told you?
Hore. No.
Q. Did you meet this woman in the park.
Hore. No, I never did, nor any where else in my life.
Q. Did you bring the gown under your coat?
Hore. No; I never did.
Q. What business are you?
Hore. A journeyman carpenter
; I am a Somersetshire man.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


