





77. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Cox
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a gold watch, value 20 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Primrose
                      Thompson
                  




               
            , Esq
; Dec, 29
. ||



                  John
                   Chambers
               



            . Mr. 
               
                  Primrose
                   Thompson
               



             was my late master. He is now gone to the East Indies. He did live in Vigo-Lane, St. James's. He gave an entertainment on the 29th of Dec. at a tavern in Sackville-Street


. The prisoner was servant
 there. My master was going out that morning, and gave me his gold watch to lock up in a drawer. He went out soon after ten o'clock. I locked it up and returned him the key; and at eleven I saw the prisoner in that room. As soon as my master came home I dressed him. The company were all come just before the clock struck four: dinner was ordered to be upon table. When the waiters came to bring the dinner, they brought the prisoner and the gold watch together. There were the pawnbroker and one of Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's men. They desired to see my master. I said they could not because he was engaged in company. They said they must see him for he was robbed of his watch. I said it was impossible for I had locked it up. Then the pawnbroker pulled it out of his pocket; I knowing it, went to my master. I knew it to be my master's watch; the maker's name on it was 
               
                  John
                   Dingwell
               



            , No. 78. I have been at the maker's house with it. There was a gold chain and a gold hook to it. It used to hang at master's bed's head. The prisoner had taken the hook and a gold ring off, and he told the pawnbroker where they were, and he went and got them. The pawnbroker put them to the watch, and my master has got the watch with him.
Q. Did you know the name and number before?
Chambers. I did. The prisoner owned he had taken it, but said he found it in the window in that room. The pawnbroker found a key where he found the ring which opened the drawer where the watch was locked up as well as the right key.


                  Jasper
                   Notley
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Kates, pawnbroker in Chandos-Street. On the 29th of December in the afternoon, a woman brought this watch to pawn. I asked her how much she wanted upon it: she hesitated some time, and at last said as much as I could lend her. She seemed not to know whether it was a gold or metal one; first she asked twenty pounds, then ten. She said a gentleman sent her. I told her it was necessary to see that gentleman. She took me to him. I got assistance and took him into custody. It was the prisoner. He acknowledged he sent her with it, and claimed it as his property. I had one of Mr. Fielding's men with me. We took him into my master's parlour; there he acknowledged how he came by it. Then we took him to the prosecutor, who said by all means he would prosecute him. I heard him acknowledge he took the hood and ring off, and where they were. The key that was delivered to me by a woman where we had the ring and hook, opened the lock as well as if made for it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had no false key.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
