





573. (2d L.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      WARNDELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a piece of silk, containing twenty yards, value 50 s. a sattin sack, value 2 l. a sattin petticoat, value 20 s. a silk petticoat, value 20 s. a cotton sack and apron, value 20 s. and a crape petticoat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Edwards
                  




               
            , June 25th
. ~


                  Elizabeth
                   Edwards
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John
                   Edwards
               



            : I live in Nicholas-lane


; the prisoner lived servant
 with me fifteen months; I had been in Sussex six weeks; on my return I missed a piece of silk twenty yards; I thought it was mislaid and therefore did not for some time take any notice about it; the prisoner was backwards and forwards with me at Clapton; when I enquired about the silk in London, she said it was in the country; when I enquired in the country she said it was in London; yet I imagined it might be mislaid, and did not suspect she had stole them; I never found any of the things but the piece of silk and the crape petticoat; I left the prisoner at Clapton and came to town; she was to come next day; in the morning of the next day I was in the room where the prisoner and a servant lay, and seeing a box I looked into it, and saw a bit of silk that resembled mine; it was either a sleeve or a cuff of a sleeve of a gown; seeing this silk, and it corresponding with the kind of silk I had lost, it struck me; I took the things out of the box and found a silk night gown; it appeared to be like one I had, but is not now in the shop; I left it; it has been made up; it has been in my custody ever since; on looking on it I think it is part of my silk; while I was making this examination, or immediately after, the prisoner came in; I took her into the dining room, and asked for the silk; she said she would go and look for it; I told her there was no occasion, for I had found part of it, and produced the gown I had found; upon that she went upon her knees, but denied the fact, and told me she had bought the silk, and at whose shop she bought it; but acknowledged she had pawned the other at one Mr. Flude's, in Gracechurch-street. To try the truth of the story I went to Mr. Hewet's, a mercer, and enquired of him whether he had sold any silk to the prisoner; he said he had sold the prisoner some straw coloured silk, and it was sent to Nicholas-lane, to my house. I was satisfied with the account of the mercer, but as she said she had pawned some silk, I went with her to the pawnbroker's and the prisoner asked for my silk, pawned in the name of Ludlow; it is part of my silk.


                  John
                   Mackfese
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Flude the pawnbroker. On the 12th of June the prisoner brought eighteen yards and a quarter of silk, and pawned in the name of Ludlow; the prisoner and her mistress came for the silk, and the prisoner said it was the lady's silk and she might have it.
Mrs. Edwards. I verily believe it is my silk; at least part of the gown was made out of my silk.
Cross Examination.
Q. Do you know Mrs. Ludlow?
Edwards. Yes, I do; Mrs. Ludlow is a friend of mine at my house on a visit.


                  Ann
                   Helps
               



            . I am a mantua-maker in Nicholas-lane: I made a crape petticoat into a gown for the prisoner. (The crape gown produced).
Mrs. Edwards. I believe it is mine, but cannot be positive.
Prisoner's Defence.
If I had not acknowledged it my mistress would not have known any thing of it.
She called 
               
                  John
                   Warndell
               



             and 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Byfield
               



            , who gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
