







429, 430. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Troope
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      March
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing one piece of linen cloth, containing twenty-four yards, value 50 s. one other piece of linen cloth, containing twenty-four yards, value 50 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      M'Dowall
                  



               
            , June 1

. *


                  William
                   M'Dowall
               



            . I am a linen draper
, and live in New Bond street



. On the first of June I missed some linen; Mr. Brown, a pawnbroker, sent for me, and informed me that he had some linen offered him which he suspected was mine. I went to his shop and found my errand boy
, 
               
                  Joseph
                   March
               



            , there; it was a piece of Irish linen, containing twenty four yards.
Q. How much is it worth?
M'Dowall. Two shillings a yard; this is the cloth (producing it) here is my private mark upon it.
Q. You had not sent him with it to any customer?
M'Dowall. No; I asked him why he took my cloth to pawn; he said 
               
                  James
                   Troope
               



            , the other prisoner, who is my journeyman
, gave it him out of the back kitchen, and desired him to pawn it. I asked him if he had pawned any other.
Q. Before you proceed any further, did you make use of any means to obtain that confession?
M'Dowall. I promised to be favourable to him.
Court. That confession cannot be admitted; you may speak to any facts.
M'Dowall. I went by his information to Mr. Curl, a pawnbroker: there I found this piece, ( producing it:) Here is my own private mark upon it.
Cross Examination.
Q. How long had March lived with you?
M'Dowall. About five months.
Q. You had a good opinion of him?
M'Dowall. Yes.
Q. March is your errand boy; Troope is your journeyman, I believe.
M'Dowall Yes.
Q. I suppose March was under the controul of your journeyman; was he not to obey his orders when you was out of the way?
M'Dowall. Any lawful orders.
Q. Did not he tell you once that Troope had given him this linen to pawn as his own, which he had bought in the city; and he said he carried it to pawn for him?
M'Dowall. Yes, he said so; he said Troope had shewn him bills of parcels of linen bought elsewhere.
Q. I will ask you fairly whether you have not said that you thought the prisoner believed it to be Troope's, and that he was imposed upon?
M'Dowall. Yes, I do think so; but I should think he might know my mark.


                  Christopher
                   Curl
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Drury lane; March brought this piece of linen to me to pawn.
Q. Was any thing brought to you by Troope?
M'Dowall. No.
Both 

               Acquitted
            .
(M.) 
               
                  James
                   Troope
               



             was a second time indicted for stealing 


               one hundred and twenty yards of linen cloth, value 12 l. seven yards of muslin, value 2 l. and thirty yards of chints linen, value 3 l. four yards of cotton cloth, value 13 s. twelve linen handkerchiefs, value 12 s. and one silk handkerchief, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  William
                   M'Dowall
               



            , June 2

. *


                  William
               


             M'Dowall. On Sunday morning, the second of June, March, my errand boy, told me the prisoner had a lodging in Mercer's street, Long Acre, and that he had some of my goods; I got a constable and went there, and found him in bed with a woman; it is a street that goes from Long Acre towards the Seven Dials; we desired to look into the drawers; there I found of my effects to a great amount; there was a great quantity of linen cloth, not less than fifty yards of Irish linen, about 2 s. a yard; not less than ten of muslin at 5 s. a yard; there was about a dozen of linen handkerchiefs, and one or two silk; there was a couple of pieces for gowns of English chintz cloth; (the cloth produced.) Some of this linen is made into sheets, that I can't swear to; here is a piece of linen with my mark that I can swear to; I can also swear to this chintz by the pattern.
Q. Have not other people the same pattern?
M'Dowall. Yes; we packed them up and carried him and the woman to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            ; I found some more linen cloth at a house in Maiden-lane; I believe there might be forty yards there.
Q. How came you to go there to look after them?
M'Dowall. I was informed he used to resort to that house; I went there; the landlady shewed me this cloth, which she said belonged to Troope: I found another piece in a court in Maiden-lane at Mr. Ellis's; I was informed he had sold him a piece of cloth, (that piece produced.) Here is my mark on it; I took him to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's.
Cross Examination.
Q. You don't know that that was Troope's lodgings of your own knowledge?
M'Dowall. I don't know.
Q. It is most likely it was the young woman's lodgings?
M'Dowall. I don't know.
Q. You say some have your marks upon them; I suppose you sell whole pieces?
M'Dowall. Yes.
Q. I suppose if I was to buy a piece I should buy it mark and all?
M'Dowall. Yes.
Court to the Council. To be sure it is; therefore you will prove that the young woman bought it of Mr. M'Dowall?
Council. You speak of some only to the patterns?
M'Dowall. I had some linen of those patterns; and these pieces were much diminished.
Q. Do you know whether the prisoner really did deal in linen upon his own account?
M'Dowall. I don't know of my own knowledge.


                  William
                   Halliburton
               



            . I went with Mr. M'Dowall and found the prisoner in bed with a young woman in Mercer street, No. 16 I think.
Q. Who did you enquire for?
Halliburton. March went with us; somebody looked out at the window; we asked if Mr. Troope was at home; the answer was that he was at home; we went up, and in the one pair of stairs room we found him in bed with a young woman; the door was not fastened; I told him his master wanted him; I bid the young woman get up; we searched the room; and in the drawers, and in one place or other, we found these things.
Cross Examination.
Q. Are you certain as to the expression; was it, Is Troope at home, or above?
Halliburton. I think, at home, but will not be certain.
- Williams. I keep the Blue Posts in Maiden-lane. The linen was left at my house, but I cannot tell by whom.
Q. Did the prisoner frequent your house?
Williams. Yes.
Q. What does he come for?
Williams. The sake of drinking and seeing company.
Q. Does he keep any shop at your house, or sell things there?
Williams. No; not to my knowledge.
Q. Did he use to come of a morning, or afternoon?
Williams. I have seen him there in both.
Q. Is there any particular room in which he sees company.
Williams. No.
- Ellis. I am a butcher (produces a piece of linen.)
Q. How came you by that piece of linen?
Ellis. I bought it of the prisoner at the blue posts. I use the house.
Q. Does he usually sell things there?
Ellis. I don't know; I was told by several people that he sold things of that sort,
Q. What did you give for it?
Ellis. I was to give three shillings a yard for it: it has been out of my custody since.

Prosecutor. This is my property.
Q. Did you ever buy any other piece of him.
Ellis. No.
- Halliburton. I had this piece in my custody; it is the same I received of Mr. Ellis.
Court to the Prosecutor. How much was that linen worth.
M'Dowall. It cost me three shillings per yard.
Cross Examination.
Q. You are sure the piece you delivered to Halliburton was the same you bought of the prisoner?
Ellis. Yes; to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Where was it sent to you?


                  Ellis
                   To
               



             the public-house.
Q. Where was it delivered?
Ellis. At the public-house.
Q. Did you know who Troope was at that time?
Ellis. Yes; I was told he had dealt in cloth before he went to Mr. M'Dowall's.
Q. How long has he lived with you, Mr. M'Dowall?
M'Dowall. About thirteen months.
Q. Was he not laid up with illness in the month of March?
M'Dowall. Yes; a few days.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was sick above three weeks of the time; the other part of it I was not allowed to go out. I kept my bed a fortnight of the time.
Prosecutor. He was ill about a week; the doctor desired him to keep in the house, but he would go out.
Q. What time was it you found him in bed?
Prosecutor. About eight o'clock on Sunday morning.
For the Prisoner.


                  Samuel
                   Branderam
               



            . I am a blue-maker. I have known the prisoner sixteen years. I knew him in Lincolnshire; he has been in London about fifteen months: he has always bore a good character before this happened.


                  George
                   Warringer
               



            . I am a linen-draper. I have known him ten years: I was an apprentice in the same town as he: he had always the best of characters.


                  Benjamin
                   Warringer
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live in Cheapside; I was an apprentice in the same town: he always bore a good character.
Q. Did you ever hear of his dealing in cloth for himself?
Warringer. No.


                  Thomas
                   Jackson
               



            . I am a clock and watchmaker, and liv e in East Smithfield. I have known him from a child. I know he had about thirty pieces of cloth; I saw them about a month before he went to Mr. M'Dowall's.


                  William
                   Rastell
               



            . I am a linen-draper in the Minories: the prisoner lived with me; he behaved very sober and honest: I believe he went from me to Mr. M'Dowall's; he thought his place superior to mine, I believe.
He also called 
               
                  John
                   Sheares
               



            , 
               
                  Robert
                   Jones
               



            , 
               
                  Nicholas
                   Hall
               



            , 
               
                  John
                   Griffiths
               



            , 
               
                  John
                   Tinker
               



            , and 
               
                  Joseph
                   Smith
               



            , who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
