





436. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Hannah
                      Welch
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing six silk handkerchiefs, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Scott
                  




               
            , May 23d
. *


                  Ann
                   Scott
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  John
                   Scott
               



            ; the prisoner and another girl came into my shop in New Turnstyle, Holborn


, on the 23d. of May, to cheapen a muslin handkerchief; we agreed for half a crown; the other that was with her, said, now she had given me so much trouble she had not the money to pay for it; therefore I took a shilling earnest for it; as she stood she drawed down half a dozen silk handkerchiefs; I did not see her do it. But I saw them under her cloak; after she had got out of the shop, I pursued her; one Mrs. Wildbore was in my shop, but she saw nothing of the transaction: when the prisoner found I pursued her, she threw them down Mr. 
               
                  Shaw
               


             a bakers cellar window, in New Turnstile.


                  Mary
                   Barret
               



            . I saw the prisoner, with another young woman, in New Turnstile: a gentlewoman called after them, and then the prisoner throwed a bundle down Mr. Shaw's; cellar window; I live opposite Mr. Shaw; I went and got it out, and found it contained six silk handkerchiefs.
Prisoner's Defence.
A young woman and I went into the shop to buy a handkerchief, we agreed for half a crown, I gave a shilling earnest, and went out; as soon as the gentlewoman called me I went back; I never saw the handkerchiefs, till I saw them before the justice.
For the Prisoner.


                  William
                   Fairbrother
               



            . The prisoner lived servant
 with me two years, and behaved very honestly.


                  Matthew
                   Welch
               



            . I am her father; I never knew any thing of this sort of her, before this.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
