






471, 472. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     ISAAC
                      LEVI
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JACOB
                      CARR, otherwise 
CADOSIA




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 84 lb. of leaden pipe, value 12 s. the said lead being affixed to a dwelling house
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann
                      King
                  




               
            , widow, June 24
. ++


                  David
                   Simkins
               



            . I am a journeyman carpenter: going across Moorfields, about eight in the morning, I saw Levi with a sack: he rested it upon the rails; he then threw it down on the ground; upon this I and Mr. Jones went up to him, questioned him upon it, and told him we were afraid he came not honestly by it; Levi said it was his master's, and said he would go and call his master; he went away and never returned. The lead was delivered into the custody of the constable.
Q. Were both the prisoners together?
Simkins. No, only Levi by himself; I never saw the prisoner again. Levi before the Justice acknowledged he took it away, and he said that the other man (Carr) was by; the confession Levi made was that the other cut it and he took it away.


                  John
                   Jackson
               



            . I am a bricklayer: Levi was my servant
. Hearing of this lead, I questioned him about it in the morning; he said he found it in Mrs. King's garden; we afterwards went and compared the lead with the place the lead was cut from, and it tallied exactly with the place.
- Mitcham, the constable, confirms the evidence of the lead being the same that was found upon the prisoner.
LEVI 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
CARR 

               acquitted
            .
