





575. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Pease
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 20 lb. of mutton, value 5 s. and 1 knife
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Kynaston
                  




               
            , July 27th
. +


                  Thomas
                   Kynaston
               



            . I am a butcher
 in Fleet Market. The prisoner's father watches meat there; between one and two in the morning of the 27th of July, the prisoner's father came and knocked at my door, in Stone-cutter street, and informed me that my slaughter house was broke open, and a sheep taken out. I went to the slaughter house, and then I heard that the constable had stopt the prisoner.


                  John
                   Kirshaw
               



            . I am a constable. I had been my round; the prisoner came by me with something upon his back; I asked him what he had got; he said he did not know; he had picked it up at the top of Field-lane; I caught him fast by the coat; he broke away, and attempted to make his escape; but I seized him again, and took him to the watch-house. The bag contained two hind quarters of mutton and a knife; he said he was carrying it to his father.
Prosecutor. I lost this knife ten days before: I saw the two hind quarters of mutton, I can swear they are my property; I dress'd them myself.
"The prisoner in his defence called Harriot Dunn, who swore that a-going down Fleet-lane, between twelve and one o'clock at night, she saw two men with two loads on their heads; that she stopped to let them pass; and the watch coming up they threw their loads down, and that she left the prisoner and another man standing over them."
"
               
                  James
                   Peale
               



            , who is the prisoner's father, deposed, that he heard a woman call out that some men had been up the market with some meat; that he sent his son to see after them; and that he was apprehended by mistake. He called George Green to his character, who said he knew no harm of him."



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
