





679. (M.) 
               
                  FRANCIS, otherwise 
FRANK LEWIS


             was indicted for 


               stealing one copper pottage pot, value 5 s. one large copper saucepan, value 2 s. one large iron frying pan, value 1 s. one towel, value 6 d. one linen shift, value 2 s. one check apron, value 6 d. two white aprons, value 18 d. and one cotton night cap, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Moxon
                  




               
            , Oct. 16th
. ++


                  Ann
                   Moxon
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  William
                   Moxon
               



            : we live in Old Gravel-lane


. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, the 16th of this month; I saw them after candle light, and missed them at seven o'clock; the prisoner was taken for another robbery, and dropped the night cap out of his pocket; it lay on a sheet on the dresser before it was lost.


                  Joseph
                   Taylor
               



            . I am a carpenter: I work for Mr. Moxon; last Saturday evening the maid came in and said the things were stolen; when he was taken he went to pull his handkerchief out, and my master's cap fell out of his pocket. (The cap produced and deposed to by Mrs. Moxon). Before the Justice he said he bought it in Rag Fair, and gave seven pence for it.


                  Ann
                   Croat
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Moxon. On Saturday the 16th of this month, I went out about seven o'clock; the things mentioned in the indictment were all in the kitchen when I went out; I returned in about five minutes; as I came in at the gate I met a black man coming out; I went into the yard and met my young master in the yard, and asked him if any body had been up in the shop; he said no; then I went into the kitchen and missed the things, and alarmed my mistress; we never found any of the things but the cap produced; I am certain it is my master's cap; I laid it myself on the dresser.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming a-cross Rag Fair and bought that cap, and gave seven pence for it; two young women where I lodge saw me buy it; they are here to prove it.


                  William
                   Moxon
               



            , jun. I saw him drop the cap; it was delivered to me and I have kept it ever since.


                  John
                   Goging
               



            . On the alarm that the things were lost, my mistress sent me to the pawnbroker's; I went out and found the prisoner and brought him back, and the night-cap fell out of his pocket.
For the Prisoner.


                  Sarah
                   Smith
               



            . Last Saturday the prisoner and I were coming a-cross Rag Fair, and he bought the cap in Rosemary-lane, and gave seven-pence for it; I saw him buy it; it was between five and six o'clock. (The cap shewn her).
Smith. This is the cap.


                  Elizabeth
                   Young
               



            . I was coming along with the last witness when he bought the cap; it was between five and six o'clock.
Q. Should you know the cap again?
Young. I had it not in my hand. (The cap shewn her); it was a plain cap; I beli eve that is it.
Q. Will you say upon your oath that is the cap?
Young. Yes, I will take my oath of it; I did not see any other cap, therefore it must be the cap.
Q. to Croat. What time did you go out?
Croat. About seven o'clock.
Q. Are you sure it was after six?
Croat. Yes.
Q. to Mrs. Moxon. You was in the house when the maid went out?
Moxon. Yes.
Q. What time did she go out?
Moxon. Near seven, I am very positive.
Q. Are you sure the cap was there?
Moxon. Yes, I am very sure.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
The witnesses for the prisoner were committed to Newgate to take their trial for perjury.
