






127, 128. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      DALE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL
                      BODDIN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher
                            Bartholomew
                        



                     
                  , on the 16th of December
, about the hour of three in the night, and stealing a woolen coat, value 5 s. a serge waistcoat, value 1 s. a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. a six and nine-penny piece, two counterfeit shillings, one hundred and ten halfpence, and twenty farthings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard
                            Hart
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said 
                     
                        Christopher
                         Bartholomew
                     



. *


                  Richard
                   Hart
               



            . I am a servant
 at the 
Angel inn at Islington


, which is kept by 
                  
                     Christopher
                      Bartholomew
                  




; the things mentioned in the indictment were in a closet in the dining room. On the 16th of December, in the morning about nine o'clock, I went into the dining room and missed them. The glass of the window was broke.
Q. Which part of the house was that in?
Hart. This little window was upon the stair case; the glass was almost broke out; it is but a very little frame.
Q. Had they opened the casement?
Hart. There was no casement; it was fixed in; the window was broke, but I do not think there was room enough for any body to get in; it was a sash window with four panes; there was a screen within side stood against the window; that was thrown down. The prisoners were taken up the same day; I found upon Dale the waistcoat; the coat was upon Boddin; I found the handkerchief, and some halfpence tied up in a handkerchief; Flanagan took them from Boddin; the coat was pawned at one Mr. Jones's. I saw the handkerchief and halfpence taken from Boddin; they both had lived in our family as boot catchers.
Q. Did they lie in the house?
Hart. Not at that time.


                  Charles
                   Flanagan
               



             was called, but not appearing, the Court ordered his recognizance to be estreated.


                  William
                   Jones
               



            . I live upon Saffron-hill; I am a pawnbroker; I took this coat in pawn from one 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Dennis
               



            .
Q. Were either of the prisoners present?
Jones. No.
Q. Did you ever hear them say any thing about it?
Jones. No; she said it was pawned for one Boddin; she was bound over to appear but I believe she had made her escape.


                  Elizabeth
                   Dennis
               



             was called upon her recognizance, but she not appearing, her recognizance was ordered to be estreated.
Dale's Defence.
We found these things going down to Smithfield. We went to the Tower to get employ.




               Both not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house, but guilty of stealing the goods
            . 



               T
            .
