





655. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Alice
                      Austen
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 12 yards of thread lace, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Bullock
                  




               
            , July 13
. ++


                  William
                   Falkner
               



            . I am son-in-law to Mr. Bullock, a haberdasher
, in Bishopsgate-street


; the prisoner came to our shop at past 10 at night, on Saturday the 13th of July, and asked to see some lace; the drawer of lace was shewn her; she took a piece of broad lace up, and laid a narrow piece under it; then she slipped the narrow piece away and took up the broad piece again; she looked at two or three pieces, afterwards took up a broad piece, and asked if we had any thing of that pattern that was narrower; the person that served her looked into the box too see for a narrower piece; in the mean time I observed the prisoner drop the broad piece of lace down, and take up out of the box a piece of narrower lace, and drop that by the side of the drawer; then she pretended something was the matter with her eye, as an excuse to take up her apron, and then dropped it over the piece of lace afterwards; observed she made some movement with her stays, as if taking the lace under her stays; I let her go as far as the door, and then stopt her; I brought her into the shop; we talked about searching her but the lace was found on the ground: she was not brought back to the place where she stood at the time looking at the lace, but about two or three yards further in the shop.


                  Mary
                   Parker
               



            . I served her with a yard of lace, she paid 2 s. but I cannot remember in what coin; I believe in silver. She asked the price of another piece of lace; I told her 3 s. she offered a less price; Mr. Faulkner answered, rather quick, that he could take no less; she was going out, Mr. Falkner brought her back within two or three yards from where I stood. I had removed from behind the counter, and came and stood at the end of the counter, the further end of the shop. I saw this piece of lace, (producing it,) drop from the prisoner; where it dropped from I cannot take upon me to say. I took it up and said we need not search her, here the lace is.

Prisoner's Defence.
I took my apron up to put my money in it; I do not know any thing of the lace.
"She called Dominick Ewer, who had known her two years; Israel Carter, 
               
                  Mary
                   Pinnet
               



            , and Mary Hill, eight years; who all gave her a good character."



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
