





459. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Lackworthy
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing thirty-eight pounds weight of iron, value 5 s. and one hempen sack, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hugh
                      Brodie
                  




               
            , June 26
. ++


                  Hugh
                   Brodie
               



            . I live in Hackney-road


; I am a cow-keeper
; I missed the bag of iron on the 26th of June in the morning, out of my tool-shop. My wife ordered the boy to lock up the tool house, and see that every thing was safe; the next morning the place, was broke open. The prisoner lived servant with me for two months. On the Tuesday morning I took him in the gravel-pits near my house. A person came to the Justice's, to let us know he saw the prisoner with the sack. He confessed he took the iron, and that he sold it to one 
               
                  William
                   Wellings
               



             in the Minories, and left the sack at a cobler's stall in Shoreditch; I went, and found the things as he directed.


                  Michael
                   Bartlet
               



            , The prisoner had a stick in his hand when I was drinking with him at the Nag's Head, near my master's. (The stick produced.)


                  Jacob
                   Clark
               



            . I saw this stick in the prisoner's hand over night, and in the morning I saw it by the tool-shop door.


                  Luke
                   Smith
               



            . The prisoner left this bag with me the day before he was taken up.


                  Francis
                   Revell
               



            . I live at the Weaver's Arms in Bethnal Green. I was sent for on the 27th of June to take charge of the prisoner. He denied it: I took him to my house, and offered to handcuff him; upon which he confessed.


                  William
                   Wellings
               



            . About three weeks ago the iron was brought into my shop. I looked at the scale as it was weighing: I said, Is that iron honestly come by? they said, Yes. My man bought it. (The iron produced and deposed to by prosecutor.)


                  Jasper
                   Simcock
               



            . I bought the iron of the prisoner; he said he came honestly by it.
Q. Does any man when he comes to sell iron, tell you he stole it?
Simcock. Sometimes they give a bad account of it.
Q. What did you give him for it?
Simcock. A little better than three farthings a pound.
Prisoner's Defence.
I sold the iron, but did not steal it; I found it in a hay field.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
