





388. (M.) 
               
                  Bridget, wife
 of 
                     
                        Philip
                         Edwards
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver teaspoon, value 14 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Murrell
                  




               
            , April 18
. ++


                  Mary
                   Murrell
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  John
                   Murrell
               



            ; we live in Red Bull-yard, St. John's-street


. On the 18th of April I missed a silver tea-spoon out of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Shepherd
               



            's room, and found it pawned at a pawnbroker's in Leather-lane.
Eliz. Shepherd. This spoon was lost out of my room on the Wednesday in Easter week; it was lying on the bed. The prisoner came in about half an hour after two, and sat down on the bed by it. I missed the spoon about half an hour after she was gone; nobody had been in the room in the time, only a child about two years old. The next morning I asked Mrs. Edwards if she knew any thing of the spoon; she clapped her hands together, and said, she was as innocent as the child unborn.


                  James
                   Cale
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cotterell, a pawnbroker. The prisoner brought this spoon, and pledged it with me on the 18th of April.
Q. What time of the day did she bring it? 
Cale. In the morning about eleven or twelve o'clock. (Produced and deposed to by prosecutrix.) 
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been out on an errand, and picked up this spoon. I never saw it in no room. It was lying in a kennel in Red Bull-yard.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against her. 
