





86. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Sparkes
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Hawkins
                  




               
            .


                  Joseph
                   Hawkins
               



            . I live in Shire-lane, Temple bar, and am a printer
. On the 16th of December
, I was in the Fleet-market


, between nine and ten o'clock at night. I stopped to see a man that was in liquor buying some china; the prisoner stood by me. As soon as he was gone, I missed my handkerchief: I followed and saw him behind a green-stall looking at it. I collared him, and he dropped it down; I took it up; (Produced and deposed to.) this was about twenty yards from the place where we had been standing together. I took him to the watch-house; there he said it was the first fact that ever he committed.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been standing to see the man buy some things, and was going to get a pint of beer. He came and said I had picked his pocket. I never saw him in my life before; neither did I ever see his handkerchief. I am a porter
 in the Fleet-market.
He called 
               
                  William
                   Shaw
               



            , a poulterer, in Old Fish-street, who said the prisoner was a shagreen-case-maker, and had a good character, as far as he knew. 
               
                  Austin
                   Strickson
               



            , who lives on Labour-in-vain Hill, who had known him from an infant, said he had always a good character. And 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Wonspear
               



             said the same.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
