






24, 25. (M.) 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE
                      FAGAN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      DALEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing three guineas, and half guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Pruant
                  




               
            , Nov. 21
. +


                  Thomas
                   Pruant
               



            . The prisoners took me to bed with them three weeks ago come Sunday.
Q. Where was it?
Pruant. In York's court, East Smithfield


.
Q. What are you?
Pruant. A coal porter
.
Q. You are not a married man I hope?
Pruant. No.
Q. What time did you go to bed with them?
Pruant. Between nine and ten o'clock on Sunday night.
Q. Was you sober?
Pruant. Not very sober; a little time after I had been in bed they took three guineas and a half guinea.
Q. How do you know you had that money?
Pruant. I gave a shilling for the bed, and then I saw the money; it was in a purse; I staid there all night, but they went away and left me by myself; I went to my lodgings.
Q. Was this woman in the house at the same time? she was not in bed I hope?
Pruant. No.
Q. Only these two?
Pruant. Only one was in bed with me.
Q. Which is Fagan?
Pruant. That young woman; the other two were at the fire; the woman (Fagan) took me from the Swan just by there; the other two women I found in the room.
Q. She had been drinking there?
Pruant. I went to have a mug of beer there and saw her; I missed it about ten o'clock.
Q. Were they gone then?
Pruant. Yes.
Q. How came you to lie there then?
Pruant. My breeches were gone; the old woman brought them; she got a light and got them from the bedside.
Q. What time did she bring the breeches?
Pruant. About twelve at night I believe.
Q. How came you not to go then?
Pruant. I did not know where I was.


                  Mary
                   Delvin
               



            . I live along with 
               
                  Catherine
                   Fagan
               



            ; the other is her daughter; she has owned her for her daughter; I was down stairs; I came up to warm myself and 
               
                  Mary
                   Daley
               



             was a-bed with him.
Q. What time of night was this?
Delvin. Between nine and ten o'clock; I came to this 
               
                  Mary
                   Daley
               



            ; she handed the breeches from the prosecutor's head and gave them me; I took three guineas and a half, and we equally divided it; I laid the breeches down at the side of the bed. Daley does not live with her mother.

Fagan's Defence.
This man and this woman had been at her own lodging before they came to me; they were both three parts in liquor; they sent out for some supper; I had neither art nor part in the breeches; nor the money; this man took some distaste at her house, and would not lie there; how they cooked it I do not know.
Daley's Defence.
I went into the Swan in East Smithfield accidentally; he asked me to sit down and drink some beer; I did; then I drank some peppermint with him; he asked me if I would shew him where I lived; I did; when we went in where my lodgings were, he sat down and called for a shilling's worth of liquor, and a pot of half-and-half; he desired me to make the bed, and after that took some distaste; he would not stay; knowing this woman some time, I went up into her room, and asked if she had a bed to let; I asked him if he would make me a present for my company; he said he would after I was got into bed; I was going down stairs; he said I might trust his generosity; I went into bed for a quarter of an hour, when 
               
                  Catherine
                   Fagan
               



             sent down for the witness 
               
                  Mary
                   Delvin
               



             and put the fire out; he said his head was not high enough; Delvin said, O my dear, I will put your head higher; she made a ruffling under his head; when Mrs. Fagan came up, she asked who put the candle out; he sat up in the bed to eat his victuals; he would not make me a present; I got up and went down to the White Swan again; then I went home to my lodgings; I only saw half a guinea he changed at the White Swan.
Prosecutor. It was you found fault that my head was not high enough.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
