





6. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ARDELL
                      HENLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Elizabeth
                         Gee
                     



                  , widow, on the 20th of November, about the hour of six in the night, and stealing two pair of linen sheets, value 2. one silk gown, value 2 s. one cotton gown, value 1 s. one stuff petticoat, value 1 s. and two sleeve buttons set in silver, value 1 s. the property of the said 
                     
                        Elizabeth
                         Gee
                     



                  , in her dwelling-house
            . *


                     Elizabeth
                      Gee
                  




               
            . I live in Queen-street, Westminster


, on the 20th of November
, I went out about two o'clock, and returned about six; when I came back I found the parlour door broke open; two doors were broke open; the things were scattered about in the yard, in order, as I understood, to be bundled up, there was a stuff green petticoat carried into the yard, and a pair of stone buttons, found on the prisoner. The prisoner was in the passage when I came home; the neighbours had secured him; I charged him with breaking open the parlour door; he said he came in to ease himself; he was catched in the necessary.
Q. I thought you said he was in the passage?


                  Elizabeth
                   Gee
               



            . He was when I came home, they afterwards catched him in the necessary. (The buttons produced, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.) I was not present when they were found on him.


                  James
                   Squire
               



            . I belong to Tottlefields Bridewell. After the prisoner was taken and brought to Bridewell, I asked the man that brought him whether he had been searched; he said, no. I searched him and found these two buttons. I had him before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , and the prosecutrix swore to them.


                  William
                   Best
               



            . I lodged in Mrs. Gee's house when it was broke open; I took the prisoner in the necessary; it was on the 20th of November about six o'clock, or rather before.
Prisoner's Defence.
When I came into the passage, the door was open, and I went into the necessary; I wanted to ease myself, and this man came and began spanking me over the head with his hand. The buttons are my own; she swears as false as can be:




               Guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
[See him No. 700, last sessions.]
