





418. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Rebecca
                      Hunt
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two half guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Dickens
                  




               
            , May 26
. *


                  Mary
                   Dickens
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Tho.
                   Dickens
               



            ; I keep a little shop in Berwick-street, near Carnaby-market


. The prisoner, on the 26th of May, came into my shop, and asked for a lump of butter and a groats-worth of eggs. I told her, she did not ask if the butter was good, nor the price of it. She said, she knew it was good, and she knew the price, for she was recommended to me by a customer of mine up the street. She said, you may send the girl with me, and send change for a guinea. I pulled out two half guineas, and told her I had not silver, but I would send and get change. She said, she was in a hurry, and two half guineas would do.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the woman?
Dickens. Yes, I am. She said, a gentleman at their house waited for half a guinea to pay for a coat, so I gave her the two half guineas. She seemed to be in a hurry, and I gave the girl the butter and eggs to carry, and she said she would send back by the girl the guinea, and also fifteen pence, which the butter and eggs came to. I believe, in about half an hour the girl came back crying, and said, the woman had lost her, and had not given her the guinea.


                  Jane
                   Lee
               



            . I live with Mrs. Dickens.
Q. How old are you?
Lee. Fifteen years old. The prisoner came to our house the 26th of May; she asked for a lump of butter and a groats-worth of eggs, and told my mistress to send change for a guinea. She gave her two half guineas, and me the butter and eggs to carry. She said, she would send back a guinea, and fifteen pence for the butter and eggs by me. She took me up Berwick-street, and when we came to Chapel-street, she bid me go down the street, and knock at the next door to a gateway, and ask for the guinea and fifteen pence. I went, but could not find such a house. I turned my head, and found she was gone.
Q. Did the prisoner promise to send back the guinea and fifteen pence by you?
Lee Yes, she did.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the same woman?
Lee. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw the witnesses in my life till the constable came to me where I live. He said, he came to take me up; I asked him for what. He took me to these people and they swore I was the person. I told them, they never saw my face. They asked me whether I would pay the guinea, and they would let me go. I would not; so they took me before the Justice, and he committed me.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
