





595. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Linellin
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a feather pillow, value 1 s. and a linen pillow case, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin
                      Jandrell
                  




               
            , July 18
. ++
I am wife of 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Jandrell
               



            ; I live at No 3. Ireland-yard, Black-friars


, on the first floor. I saw the prisoner in my back room on the 18th of July; he tried at the fore-door, which was fastened; I was busy and did not go to the door. I heard my bed crack; I went to it and saw the prisoner with the pillow and pillow case in his hand; I asked him how he came there and what he wanted; I screamed out, and two or three came to my assistance.


                  Mary
                   Elliot
               



            . I was going with a pot of beer for dinner; I saw the prisoner going up stairs; I asked him what he wanted; he said, one Matthews. I said there was no such one lived in the house, he must enquire at the next door. In a little time after Mrs. Jandrell cried out; I went down to see what was the matter; my husband and another man came down immediately, and secured the prisoner.
Israel Elliot. I went down upon the prosecutor's crying out, and took the prisoner in the prosecutor's room. I saw the pillow case lie upon the floor, between the bedstead and the door.


                  Roger
                   Baily
               



             confirmed this evidence.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Are you sure your door was fast?
Prosecutor. Yes.
"The prisoner in his defence said, that he went up stairs to enquire for one Matthews, a shoe maker; going down stairs he knocked at the prosecutor's door, which flew open."
He called 
               
                  Jane
                   Lister
               



            , who said she went into the apartments of the prosecutor, at the time the prisoner was taken into custody; and that she heard the prosecutor say she did not lock the door herself, but that the lodgers did in the morning; she also said she was not acquainted with the prisoner.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
