





407. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Benson
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward
                            Thompson
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of two in the night, on the 10th of May
, and stealing two linen shifts, value 3 s. two linen shirts, value 6 s. two linen towels, value 6 d. two linen aprons, value 12 d. one copper tea kettle, value 4 s. one tin tea cannister, one linen neckcloth, a pair of bellows, and a tin drinking pot, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret
                            Ferguson
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, in the said dwelling house
            . ++
Marg. Ferguson. I am servant
 to Mr. 
               
                  Edward
                   Thompson
               



            , a taylor
, in Red lion street


. His house was broke open on the 10th of May. I found it so in the morning about eight o'clock; the door was open, and the casement of a window to the back kitchen was broke. All was fast over night. I missed the things mentioned in the indictment. (Naming them).


                  Joshua
                   Nelson
               



            . I am a watchman in Great-Ormond street. On the 10th of May, my partner, named Jenkins, and I, found the prisoner and these goods on his shoulder. We first saw him within about twenty yards of the Foundling Hospital gate; he had them in a hand-basket: he told us he brought them from Oxford-Road, and was going with them to Cold-Bath-fields. When before Justice Girdler, he said he found them in the fields, coming from Tatenham-court road. Mr. Girdler desired I would keep the bundle, and I have had it in custody ever since; there were a kettle and a pair of bellows, two shifts, two shirts, two towels, two aprons, a neckcloth, a tin cannister, and a tin drinking pot. ( Produced and deposed to by prosecutrix ).
- Jenkins, the other watchman, deposed to the some purport.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the goods in the fields coming from Tyburn-road as I was going to work in Wapping. I am a lomper
; I do business on board a ship.
Q. to Ferguson. Are all these things your property?
Ferguson. They are.
Q. There are a tea kettle, bellows, and a black jack; Are they your property?
Ferguson. They are my master's property.
Q. Which are really and truely your own?
Ferguson. A shift and three aprons are my own.
Q. What was the whim of saying they were all your property?
Ferguson. There were disputes when before the Justice: I said there were so and so of mine. My master would not appear.
Court. Therefore you was to come and swear for your master?
Ferguson. They were all in the kitchen.
Court. Did that make them yours?
Ferguson. They were in my care.
Court. What sort of a conscience have you to swear at that rate? Because your master would not come, you were determined to swear for him.
Ferguson. He would not appear; and I told him if he would not I must.
Q. Could you not have said they were your master's, as well as that they were your own?
Ferguson. They were my property.
Court. Indeed they were not.
Ferguson. They were in the kitchen.
Q. Are you sure these other things, the shift and aprons, are your own?
Ferguson. Yes, they are.




               Guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
