





625. (L.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      ROW
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing fifteen guineas, a half guinea, and two shillings and six-pence in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin
                      Bonnet
                  




               
            , March 12
. ++
Mr. 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Bonnet
               



            . I live in Token-house-yard


. The prisoner was my servant
; he came to live with me on the 2d of last November, and staid till the 28th of March. On the Saturday immediately preceding the 11th of March, I went out of town; I counted the money I had in a little bag in my desk; there were fifty-four guineas. When I came to town, on Wednesday morning, my son-in-law paid me twelve guineas he had received for me, which I put in the bag; and on the 11th of March I put in eleven guineas more. I was alarmed the next morning by my maid, who informed me that the prisoner had told her the house had been broke open. The head of a pin which fastened the cellar door was filed off. I found sixty-two guineas and a half spilt; the bag was taken out of the desk, and another bag, in which was a single half crown, was cut in the corner; there was a small hole cut in the desk, hardly large enough to put a half crown in. The desk was locked when I came to it; several of the guineas were pitched; they adhered together so, that if lifted up with a stick or any thing they were too wide to come out of the hole, and so I suppose dropt down again. The bags were upon the ground, and one corner of each purse was cut. From all appearances I suspected it must be done by somebody in the house; I charged the prisoner and the rest of the servants, but made no discovery till the 28th of March; when, while I was at Blackheath, I was informed the prisoner had bought a watch of one Mrs. Parker, at Greenwich; her son brought me a guinea they had received of the prisoner, which had pitch upon it; that made me suspect the prisoner. I had him before a justice at Greenwich; there he confessed that he had taken out of the desk fifteen guineas, a half guinea, and a half crown piece, and that he had bought the watch he had been seen with, with part of the money, and that ten guineas of it were concealed in my cellar, at my house, in Tokenhouse-yard, under some planks, near the small beer cask; he said, he took the money out with a small piece of wood pitched, to which the money stuck. I desired Mr. Cooper, my son-in-law, to make a search for the money, and to get Mr. Norman to assist him; he being a carpenter, he would be useful if it was necessary to remove any planks.


                  William
                   Norman
               



            . I live opposite Mr. Bonnet ; on the 30th of March, about nine in the morning, Mr. Cooper came over to me, and informed me, that Mr. Bonnet had been robbed; I went to Mr. Bonnet's. Mr. Holding, Mr. Cooper, and I searched the cellar, and under a board placed for to stand on when they drew beer, Mr. Holton picked up a parcel, in a rag, tied round with a bit of a ribbon; it contained ten guineas stuck together with pitch. I went to Justice Russell's; there I heard the prisoner confess that he hid the money there, and that it was his master's.
Mr. Cooper confirmed this evidence.
- Parker. The prisoner bought a watch of me on the 14th of March, for three guineas and a half.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of it: I was in liquor, and said any thing.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
