








650, 651, 652, 653. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      AGAR
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     DANIEL
                      BRYAN
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      SHEPPARD
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      BURNHAM
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing one bed gown, value 2 s. two linen shirts, value 15 s. two table cloths, value 6 s. one linen napkin, value 6 d. one pair of linen sheets, value 12 s. three pillow cases, value 1 s. one pair of thread stockings, value 4 d. two linen caps, value 1 s. two linen towels, value 1 s. one child's shift, value 6 d. and one flannel coat, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Clement
                        



                     
                  , and one cotton gown, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ellen
                      Brutton
                  



               
            , spinster
, Oct. 2d.
 ~


                  William
                   Clement
               



            . I am a publican
: I live at the bottom of High-street, Marybone


. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment on the 2d of October, about ten at night; they were brought in from the wash; they were carried from my kitchen into my bed room upon the ground floor; I saw them carried from thence into the room; I missed them in about half an hour after. I am certain when they were carried into the room, the fore window of the room was shut. I was sent for on Tuesday morning to Mr. Welch's; I saw the prisoner and some of the goods there.
- Slet. I am a pawnbroker: I have a gown that was pawned by one Davis.


                  Dorothy
                   Fife
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; (produces a gown); this gown was pawned by Davis.


                  Dennis
               


             M'Donald. I am a constable: I met Agar, Bryan and Burnham in Hog-lane; I had heard of this robbery; I saw them with a bundle; one made of; I secured Agar. (The bundle produced). This shirt was found on Agar's back (produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Agar's Defence.
I was in the field; I met some boys there with a bundle; they asked me what they had; I could not tell; afterwards it was conveyed away.
Agar called two witnesses who gave him a good character, but had known nothing of him for six months past.
AGAR 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
The other three 

               acquitted
            .
