






550, 551. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Cornelius
                      Neale
                  , otherwise 
O'Neale




             and 
               
                  
                     John
                      Conway
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing 200 lb. of brown sugar, value 39 s.
             the property of certain persons unknown, July 37 th


                  Hugh
                   Henley
               



            . I am a mariner. There was about a tun weight of brown sugar taken out of the ship, Hampshire, from Union stairs


. The thieves had put it into bags and sacks, as they took it out of the cask. The bags and sugar were found a landing at Paul's stairs, and the prisoners were taken with the sugar. I was present; they were taken with it between twelve and one on Thursday morning. They worked on board the ship; there was also John Hill and 
               
                  James
                   Clarke
               



             concerned with them. There was two boat loads one night and two another. Conway was in one of the boats the second night. After it was taken out of the boat, Neal said it was his property. Conway said he had no concern in it; he only got his passage up in the boat. I saw part of the sugar come out of the vessel. Neal was not in the second boat.
Q. What quantity of sugar was there in that bag?
Henley. There was 200 lb. in the two bags
Q. from Neals. How do you know the sugar came out of the casks?
Henley. I saw it taken out of the casks.
Q. Did you see any sugar took out of the casks the second time?
Henley. No; but I am certain it came out of the same ship. Two boats were loaded with sugar on Monday night. I saw the two prisoners both on Monday night; they were on board the ship helping to put it gs.
Q. What quantity might they take on Monday night?
Henley. About 200 lb weight, I believe; the first was Monday night or Tuesday morning, the other Wednesday night or Thursday morning.
Q. Was you to have any share in the sugar?
Henley. No.
Q. How came you to be there?
Henley. Hill and Clark met me by Paul's stairs, and said they wanted me to go a little way with them. I went? they did not say what it was for; they walked with me as far as Union stairs; when we came there I went along with John Hill in these boats; I went on shore in one of the boats with the sugar; I was paid 3 s. by Clark. One Fraizer employed the prisoner to work the ship out. I saw them take the sugar out. I was not on board on Wednesday night.
Q. Was Hill and 
               
                  Clark
               


             the employers of the prisoners as well as you?
Henley. I cannot tell; I did not hear them make any agreement.


                  John
                   Walkerest
               



            . I heard these people in the public house, about nine o'clock at night, consulting about going on board the ship to fetch the sugar on Wednesday the 17th of July, they talked about taking a man along with them to get the sugar on shore; they were all concerned together; Clark was with them. I went to 
               
                  Hugh
                   Henley
               



             and told him, there was an objection made to his working with these men. The prisoners are lumpers. I went to Mr. Lee, who is a headborough in Shadwell parish, and told him to lie in wait to take them, when they came a-shore with the sugar. I saw them a-shore about twelve o'clock. There was two boats; John Hill and two others were in the first boat; I can't tell who was in the second boat. Conway came along the causeway; I took the two bags in charge; he said they were his property, and made a demand of them; with that. I took him by the collar, and said I would take care of him and the bags too, and called somebody to my assistance.
Q. Had he been in the boat?

Walkerest. I judge he was in the second boat; I think I heard his voice; there was a scuffle ensued.
Q. But Conway was not in the second boat when the boat came a-shore.
Walkerest. I heard his voice in the second boat.


                  Henry
                   Lee
               



            . I am a constable; I was directed to watch. About 12 o'clock John Hill came a-shore with the first boat; I stopt it and found these two bags of sugar. About ten minutes after the second boat landed, he claimed the sugar, and said it was his property.
Q. from Neale. Did not I say it was the carpenter's?


                  H.
                   Lee
               



            . No; the carpenter was not mentioned.


                  Robert
                   Smith
               



            . Neale, the prisoner at the bar, made the demand of the sugar; he said it was his property. 
               
                  John
                   Walkerst
               



             said, is it; then I'll take care of you and your property too.
Christ. Harne. I am parish beadle. I was going round the parish after one o'clock; I met 
               
                  Hugh
                   Henly
               



             with a bag; he said it was a bag of sand, and that he had carried one bag before. I found them to be bags of sugar. I saw Neale in the public house; there was a wrangle. Neale said the sugar was his. I said I would take care of it, and he should answer for it before the justice. I locked it up; Hill and Clarke and the prisoner went to make the matter up before the justice. One bag did not weigh a 100 wt and the other bag above 100 wt. Neale claimed the lesser bag on Saturday.
Neale's Defence.
There is the owner of the bag that I claim'd; the carpenter; it came out of the country.
For the Prisoner.


                  Thomas
                   Reymot
               



            . I was a carpenter on board the ship. We came up the third of July, from St. Kite's. Two casks of sugar were carried to the custom-house, and paid duty for; the third I gave to Neale to make what he could of it for me, without paying the duty. He was working on boarp the ship ; I told him to get them on shore when he could.
Q. Can you swear this sugar is your's?
Reymot. I can't swear to that. I received five guineas of one Chamber's for the sugar Neale sold for me.
Q. When did you receive it?
Reymot. I am not certain.
Q. Was it before these people were apprehended?
Reymot. Yes; I believe it was.
Q. Can you guess how much sugar you had in these 3 barrels?
Reymot. About 600 lb. I received money for about 400 lb.
Q. Do you know what came of the rest of the sugar; did you go on board after the sugar was sold?
Reymont. Yes; there was about 90 lb. left the day after he was taken up.
Q. Did you receive money of any body else besides Chambers?
Reymot. No; I carried the rest home to my house?
Q. Who did Chambers receive the sugar of? Did you, on your oath, carry this sugar to Chambers?
Reymot. No.
Q. to Walkrest. Can you tell any thing of the expressions made use of when they were consulting to get the sugar a-shore?
Walkerest. I heard Clark ask what man they should take with them; Conway said, Henley, by all means.
For Neale's character.


                  James
                   Wilson
               



            . I know Neale so far as he is a lodger of mine, he is an honest man, as far as I know. He has lived with me two years. He works on the river.


                  Michael
                   Makette
               



            . I know Conway. I have known him fifteen years. I never heard any thing laid to him before this. I know Neale very well. I never knew any harm of him; he has lodged with me off and on sixteen years.
Neale, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Conway, 

               Acquitted
            .
