





336. (M.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      BIRD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one large copper pottage pot, value 20 s. one copper stew-pan, value 6 s. one copper boiler, value 20 s. three copper pot covers, value 6 s. three pair of linen sheets, value 15 s. and four blankets, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Sexton
                  




               
            , Feb. 16th
. ++


                  James
                   Sexton
               



            . I keep a public house
 in Peter's street, St. James's


; this man was quartered on me about three weeks. I missed these things from different parts of the house; the sheets and blankets from where his bed is, and the copper out of the kitchen; the maid catched him going out at the back door with a pot; I was a bed; she came up and told me of it; I came down and got a warrant directly.
Q. Did you find any of the things?
Sexton. No.


                  Ann
                   Duncan
               



            . I am a servant at this house. I came there only yesterday week; the things were missing before I came; there were but two copper pots in the kitchen; my mistress desired me to carry them up into her room because so many had been stolen. On Wednesday morning I cleaned them, and left them in the kitchen; in about five minutes I returned to the kitchen and missed one of them; I came out directly and the prisoner, Bird, with a pot, was climbing over the table that stands by the back door; there is no passage to the door without getting over the table; he jumped off the table on the outside towards the door; I went directly and got the pot and asked him how he came to have the pot there; he said he never saw it; I went and told my master.
Q. Was the prisoner getting up on the table or was he upon it?
Duncan. He was on the table with the pot in his hand; he let it down directly on the ground on the side of the table. (The pot produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
It is a common passage, and this gentleman knows many of the things were lost before I came there; I know nothing of the pot; I was not out all the morning till they served the warrant upon me; that passage is a common passage; it is never locked night nor day. I had been to the vault and was coming back; I had not the pot nor do not know how it came there; they keep an irregular house; there are comers and goers all night long. I belong to the second regiment of Guards, Colonel Lester's company
.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
