





241. (1st L.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Coward
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty-six half-pence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter
                      White
                  




               
            , Feb. 27
. ++


                  Peter
                   White
               



            . I am a man's hatter
, and live in Newgate-street


. The prisoner had been my servant
 a year and three quarters. I suspected some of my servants robbed me. I marked five shillings in half-pence, eight shillings in silver, two half guineas, and one quarter, by filing the edges. I had some suspicion of the prisoner. I ordered the other servants to go up to dinner and leave him in the shop. There were eight shillings in another till, and two half guineas, and a quarter: when I came down from dinner I sent him up, and found sixteen-pence deficient: I called him down; the rest of the servants were come down from dinner. I desired they would pull their money out of their pockets; the prisoner pulled out some, and said that was all he had; I shook his coat pocket, and said, There is half-pence in your coat pocket: my brother put his hand in his pocket and pulled out some half-pence, which were marked: he denied that they were my half-pence: they corresponded with the others exactly.


                  John
                   White
               



            . I was present. My brother marked some money. He came and told me he missed about sixteen pence. He desired I would go over and see him searched. I went over to his shop: he desired the prisoner to pull out what money he had: he said he had very little or none: it did not appear indeed that he had much in his breeches pocket: my brother touched his coat pocket and said it rattled: my brother put his hands into his pocket, and pulled out two or three; I put my hand in, and found about eight pennyworth. I asked him how he came by them; he said he did not know, he had had them a good while. About twelve penny-worth were marked.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Are you satisfied that the money found in the prisoner's pocket was what you had put in the till?
White. Yes.
Q. from the Jury. Had you paid any of that marked money away.
White. No; I gave my servants orders not to add or diminish, so they paid sometimes out of their own pockets. I marked three or four together, and the file did not touch all alike.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had them in change in the city on the first of March, and had had them in my pocket all the time.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
