







628, 629, 630. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth
                      Clinch
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Ann
                      M'Daniel
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Brown
                  



               
            , spinsters


, were indicted for 


               stealing ten yards of lawn, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann
                      Viguers
                  




               
            , Sept 28
. +
Ann Viguers. I live in Russel Court


. I keep a linen-draper's shop
. On the 28th of September, about ten in the morning, M'Daniel and Clinch, came into my shop and asked to see some lawns. I shewed them several pieces; they bid me less than they cost me, and that made me suspect them. In about three minutes time Brown came into the shop, she took no notice of the other two, not they of her, She asked to see some genting handkerchiefs; I shewed her some, then the other two prisoners went out of the shop, and Brown followed them; they were just gone out of the door when Mr. Lucas brought them back into my shop, and he brought a piece of lawn in his hand. (The lawn produced and deposed to.) I took down this piece of lawn to shew the prisoner. Here is my mark upon it. They all begged for mercy.


                  John
                   Lucas
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live near York-street, Covent Garden. On the 28th of September, in the morning, the prisoners Clinch and M'Daniel came to my shop and asked to see some lawn. They bought a quarter of a yard. I watched them very narrowly, as I had a suspicion of them; and when they went out 
               
                  Mary
                   Brown
               



             joined company with them. They all three went together towards Russel-court; I went after them. I went into a shop opposite to Mrs. Viguers's; I saw them come out at the door, and before they had got any distance from the shop, I went and laid hold of M'Daniel. I took this piece of lawn from under her cloak. I took them all back into the shop. M'Daniel and Clinch begged for mercy, but Brown was very abusive, and threatened me for detaining her.
M'Daniel's Defence.
As I came out of Mrs. Viguers shop, I saw the lawn lying upon the ground. I was going to carry it into the shop, when Mr. Lucas took hold of me.
Clinch's Defence.
I went into the shop to buy a genting handkerchief; I disputed with the prosecutrix for a penny. She asked 18 d. I bid her 17 d. I was going to have it cut off when this gentleman came into the shop.
Brown's Defence.
I am as innocent as the child unborn.
M'Daniel called 
               
                  Jane
                   Finney
               



            , who had known her four years; 
               
                  Ann
                   Bell
               



             two years, and - Carrell two years. Clinch called 
               
                  Mary
                   Thomas
               



            , who had known her three years; 
               
                  Alice
                   Medway
               



             ten months; 
               
                  Ann
                   Money
               



             eight or nine months, who gave them a good character.
Clinch and M'Daniel 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
Brown 

               acquitted
            .
