





531. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      HICKS otherwise 
                     
WHITE




               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a silk gown, value 8 s. a linen gown, value 8 s. a linen apron, value 1 s. and a silk handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Brailsford
                  




               
            , June 18
. *


                  John
                   Brailsford
               



            . The prisoner was my servant
; my wife and I went out on the 18th of June, between seven and eight in the evening; when we came home again before nine, the maid was not at home; she did not come home all night; (I live in St. Martin's Court, St. Martin in the Fields;) not coming home all night, my wife in the morning opened her drawers, and she missed several things; my wife and I went in pursuit of her; we heard she was connected with a soldier, in Tothil Fields-Bridewell; we went there, and there we found her; she had my wife's petticoat and an apron upon her; she cried and confessed stealing the things.
Q. Was any promise made to her about shewing her favour?
Brailsford. No, none; we had her directly before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , who committed her.


                  Ann
                   Brailsford
               



            . I am wife to the last witness; I missed two gowns, one silk and one cotton, an apron and an handkerchief, (producing them;) we found them at the pawnbroker's by her direction.
Q. How long had she lived with you?
Brailsford. One month and two days.
Q. What age is she?
Brailsford. I think she says near 21; she comes from the Isle of Wight; I had a character with her, from a place she had lived in in London.


                  Francis
                   Swingwood
               



            . The prisoner pledged these two gowns and a handkerchief with me, on the 18th of June, for 14 s. she had been at our shop once or twice before.
Prisoner's Defence.
I acknowledge that I am guilty of the fault; I never was guilty of any thing of the kind before; I am sorry I have done it now. When I informed my master of it, he promised me pardon; I have no friends in London to appear for me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


