






626. (M.) 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY
                      DAWSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Bentley
                        




                     
                  , on the 15th of September
, about the hour of two in the afternoon, no person being therein, and stealing one pair of cotton stockings, value 4 d. one pair of worsted stockings, value 4 d. one box iron, value 1 s. one iron heater, value 1 d. one linen shirt, value 1 s. one child's linen shirt, value 1 s. one check apron, value 2 d. one cotton handkerchief, value 2 d. one camblet waistcoat, value 1 s. and two small pieces of linen cloth, value 2 d. the property of the said John, in his dwelling house
            . +


                  John
                   Bentley
               



            . I am a sawyer
: I was sent for home from work on the 15th of September, about a quarter before two o'clock; I found my house had been broke open; the lock of the street door was hanging down, and there were several marks of force upon the door: the prisoner was then in custody. When I went from dinner at one o'clock every thing was safe.


                  Mary
                   Bentley
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor: my husband went from dinner about one o'clock; I went out about half an hour after; I left no person in the house; I locked the door and took the key with me; I returned home in about a quarter of an hour, and found my door was not locked; in about a minute the prisoner came out with this bundle (producing the things mentioned in the indictment); I said, you reseal, what business have you in my house; he did not speak a word but went in again; I got some assistance; when he found that, he came out and jumped over the garden pales; I pursued him and he was taken by two men; I had never lost sight of him. The different articles mentioned in the indictment were deposed to by the prosecutrix, who said they were not tied up when she went out, but were lying loose in different places.


                  John
                   Kennedy
               



            . As I was passing by the prosecutor's house Mrs. Bentley desired my assistance; I saw the prisoner inside the gate with a bundle; when I attacked him he threw down the bundle; and run out of the house; I ran after him and secured him; I never lost fight of him.


                  Thomas
                   Burland
               



            . I saw the last witness pursue the prisoner who was running from him; the prisoner said one man should not take him; as he turned round I took hold of his collar and we brought him back.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been to Islington, and as I was coming by this house a man took my hat off, and threw it over the pales; I went to get it and saw the woman; I was very much frightened. I never was inside the house.




               Guilty of stealing to the value of 4 s.
            



               T
            .
