





200. (M. 1st) 
               
                  Ann 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        Robert
                         Scaples
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver table spoon, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Segwick
                  




               
            , January 11
. +


                  James
                   Segwick
               



            . The prisoner came to live servant
 with me on the 4th of January last, and, on the 11th, I missed a silver table spoon; from that time we always suspected her from the equivocating answers she made to questions put to her. On the 27th she asked her mistress to go out for about an hour, or an hour and a half. She did not return till the next day between eleven and twelve: this confirmed my suspicion. Then I accused her again with taking the spoon; at first she denied it, but afterward she owned she did take it, and had offered to sell it to Mr. Wood in the Minories, who had stopped it. The next morning she went with me to him: I asked him if he had a spoon offered to him to sell on the Saturday; he said he had. I described it; he then said it is your spoon. (Produced in two pieces, and deposed to).


                  John
                   Wood
               



            . This is the spoon the prisoner brought and offered to sell to me in these two pieces. I asked her her master's name; she could not tell me, but gave me false names, and seeing one of the letters, in part erased out, I suspected she had stole it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the spoon.
She called 
               
                  John
                   Griffin
               



            , with whom she had lived three quarters of a year, who said he never saw any dishonesty by her.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
