





434. (1st. M.) 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      HUTSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Silvanus
                         Hill
                     



                  , on the 1st of May, about the hour of ten in the night, and stealing two blankets, value 2 s. the property of the said Silvanus
            .


                     Silvanus
                      Hill
                  




               
            . I live in Castle Street, Whitechapel


; I rent the lower apartment; on the 1st of May
 the front door was broke open; I found the staple on the floor. The prisoner was seen there about ten o'clock; I came home about eleven. I was at a publick house getting supper; my wife was ill at an hospital; my children were at nurse. I heard the prisoner had carried a couple of blankets to a pawnbroker's, and they would not take them in; that made me have a suspicion of her. I found the blankets at Mr. 
               
                  Charles
                   Dorman
               



            's in George Yard. On Saturday I took her and charged her with it; she denied it; but on Sunday she owned to me, of her own accord, she had broke open the door; after I had challenged her with it, she told me the blankets were up George Yard, and if I would go with her she would shew me where. I am sure the door was fast when I left it; I have only the two lower rooms; I was at home at noon; it was fast then.
Q. You saw nothing of it afterwards till eleven at night?
Hill No.
Q. You had not asked her to come to see you that night?
Hill. No, never.


                  Charles
                   Dorman
               



            . I had these blankets of the prisoner (producing them;) they were brought to me of a Friday night, about three weeks or a month ago; she asked my wife if she could find any body to pawn them or sell them; I was not at home then; I asked her afterwards why she wanted to part with her blankets, she said, she had two children, and her husband had left her, and she was with child. I went to one Mr. Thompson and told him; he desired me not to buy them without she brought somebody to prove they were her own; I went back to her, and told her I did not like to buy them without she brought somebody to prove them to be her property; she said, her children were crying for bread, and it was too late to go about to get any body then; so I said I would let them have a shilling to buy bread; she left them; I saw no more of her. On Sunday Hill came and brought an officer to search my house; I produced the blankets, and Hill immediately gave charge of me; the next morning we were examined, and I was bound over to prosecute.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am not guilty, my lord; Mr. Hill gave me leave to sell them; I found the door open.
For the Prisoner.


                  William
                   Price
               



            . I live in Castle Alley, Whitechapel. I am a heel-cutter; I have known the prisoner nine or ten years; she is about twenty; I never heard her guilty of any misdemeanor before this; she had always a very good character. I have heard of her being free with her tail.
Q. You saw her at her lodgings sometimes I suppose, did you see any children there?
Price. No; I never was at her lodgings in my life.
Mrs. Moore. I know the prisoner; her father put her in the work-house for safety, and this man came after her several times to get her out of the work-house; he brought her tea and sugar several times; he used to buss her, and say, Nanny my dear, come out as soon as you can.


                  Benjamin
                   Webb
               



            . I am gate-keeper of the work-house. Hill used to come there to see the prisoner; I never knew any harm of her.


                  Hannah
                   Kitchens
               



            . I live next door to her father; I have lived there near eleven years; I have known her ever since; she has a good character.
Q. Did you not know she was loose with her tail?
Webb. No; I don't know any thing of looseness of her.


                  Elizabeth
                   Teel
               



            . I live just by the prisoner; I have known her ever since she was born; I never knew any harm of her till this man fetched her out of the workhouse. Her father put her in the workhouse to keep her from this man.


                  Jane
                   Touchberry
               



            . I have lived four years next door but one to the prisoner's father; I never heard of any dishonesty before this; she has been wild; I have trusted her. I heard Hill say if her father would give him 5 s. 3 d. he would make it up.
- Moore. I heard him say the same.


                  Frances
                   Holmes
               



            . I have known her some years; I have entrusted her in my apartment; she always behaved honestly.


                  Elizabeth
                   Thorley
               



            . I have known her from a child; I never heard any harm of her.


                  Anne
                   Pemberton
               



            . I have known her ever since she was born; I never knew her dishonest.
Q. Perhaps you think it no harm to be good natured with the men?
Pemberton. I have nothing to do with that.




               Guilty of stealing the goods, but not of the burglary
            . 


               T
            .
