






653, 654. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Hammock
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John
                      Bowler
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing 200 l. of moist sugar, value 39 s.
             the property of persons unknown. June 21st
. ++


                  John
                   Butler
               



            . I am a merchant's watchman. I had a lighter of sugar to watch at Hammond's key


; on the 21st of June, between eleven and twelve o'clock, Clayton and Webster came on shore, and asked me to get a pot of beer, but this I declined; they said they were going to the Green Man, Darkhouse lane; as I would not go, they desired me to keep an eye to the craft. Soon after, the two prisoners, both of whom I had known a great while, came out of Darkhouse lane, and the foreman of the lighter with them; they came to Botolph's wharf, they stood talking together there, and Bowler parted from them; he came as far as Hammond's; they looked about, as if looking to see if the coast was clear; I was standing by at that time; I believe Bowler did not see me; he cried out to the other, come, it will do; Bowler threw his pipe out of his mouth, and Hammock came up; they passed within a yard and a half of me. I got into the crane in order to see what they were doing; I could not see them well there; I went to Fresh wharf, and told what I had seen; they came along to the key with me. I looked over; I could not see what they were doing in the lighters; the watchman left his lanthorn, and he went away; then I called one Collins, and told him what I had seen; he went and told Webster and Clayton; we all agreed to go down the ladder into the hoy; and then we went into the skiff belonging to the lighter, and from there went to the lighter; I lifted the scuttle and there saw the two prisoners; one was stripped, raking out the sugar with his hands, with his head in the hogshead; the other held a candle to him. I said, so then, you are here; I think I have got you now; I know you well. Clayton said be quiet; if any one comes up I'll blow his brains out; he said this to alarm them below, though he had no fire arms; we stood on the scuttle hole, not being aware of any other way by which these people could get out of the lighter; but in that we were mistaken, for Bowler got under the tarpaulin, along by the hogsheads, to the stern of the lighter, and so by a rope, that ran from the hoy to a pole, along side the wharf; he got to that pole, climbed up it, and got on the wharf; I halloo'd out; no assistance came: Bowler began throwing large stones at us; while we were endeavouring to screen ourselves from the stones, Hammock came up, got across the end of the hoy, and so got on shore. Then we got a light and examined what they had been about; we found two bags full of sugar, and a handkerchief that was not full. One hogshead was open, and a quantity of sugar was taken out; Bowler's hat and wig, and Hammock's coat lay there. There was a four bushel bag and two empty bags besides; each held about a hundred weight. I went and called up the merchant's constable, Hinton. There was two hundred and seven pound, including bags. I have known the prisoners between three and four years; they are lightermen, belonging to Wiggan's key; they were taken next night.
- Webster, the other watchman. I had charge of a lighter there. Butler and Clayton went down into the lighter; Butler opened the scuttle, where I saw a light, then shut the scuttle down again; Butler said here they are, and called for the watchman to assist. After Butler had shut down the scuttle again, the prisoner, Bowler, got under the tarpawling, and so got ashore, and then threw stones at us; while he was about that, Hammock got over the hoy, and so got on shore. I have known Hammock a good many years; I know Bowler's face very well.
- Clayton. I was informed there were two people a robbing the lighter, they both got on shore, as the other witnesses have described. I did not see them plain enough to know them.
- Linton. I am a constable. I was called up by the witnesses, they all declared then that Hammock and Bowler were the men that had robbed the lighter; the cloaths have never been claimed.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
Both 

               Guilty
            , 



               T
            .
