





615. (L) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      BOWMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a gold ring with an onyx stone set therein, value eighteen-shillings; another gold ring, value five shillings and a gold breast buckle with garnets set therein, value twelve shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Wood
                  




               
            , August 18th
 +


                  John
                   Wood
               



            . On the 18th of August I lost two gold rings and a gold shirt buckle with garnets, out of my shop in the minories


 the prisoner came to my shop, and asked to see a shirt buckle; I shewed him one, I asked half a guinea for it, he gave me eight shillings, he said  he wanted several other things, stone knee buckles, &c. and asked me if I took thirty-six shilling pieces; I said, I did not take them in payment, I took them by weight; he said he had some by him, and he would fetch them. This was about twelve o'clock: as soon as he was gone, I missed a stone gold ring: the prisoner returned between four and five: I watched him then, and saw him take a gold ring and a gold shirt-buckle set with garnets: after he had done this, he was going, as he pretended, to fetch the thirty-six shilling pieces; I immediately stopped him, and then he put his hand in his waistcoat pocket and dropped the ring and shirt buckle; I saw him drop them; the other gold ring I took out of his waistcoat pocket; when he was searched he had but one shilling and six-pence and a few half-pence in his pocket.
(The things were produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I met with a man who asked me to drink with him, he pulled out a thirty-six shilling piece, and asked me if I knew where he might change it; I told him at a silversmith's he might get it weighed; when we had drank a pint of beer together, he said, he had been in the gentleman's shop before, and asked the gentleman to buy the piece of him; he would not give any more than twenty-nine shillings for it; I went into the shop; I had a pair of silver sleeve-buttons, I asked the gentleman to mend them; I went out, and returned in the afternoon to the gentleman's shop for my sleeve-buttons; he said, they were not done; he said, I stole a ring; he put his hand in my pocket and kept it there some time; he told the people in the shop he took the ring out of my pocket; I did not know that it was in my pocket.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


