





679. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ALICE
                      CROW
                  



spinster
, otherwise Alice, wife
 of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Crow
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing three linen shirts, value 7 s. three blankets, value 3 s. one rag, value 2 s. three linen shirts, value 2 s. three linen sheets, value 5 s. two linen table cloths, value 4 s. five linen towels, value 2 s. a linen bed-gown, value 1 s. two pewter dishes, value 2 s. one pewter plate, value 6 d. two brass candlesticks, value 2 s. an iron trivet, value 6 d. two linen pillow cases, value 2 s. and tw elve books bound in leather, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Patrick
                      Donnelly
                  




               
            , Octob. 8th
. ~


                  Patrick
                   Donnelly
               



            . I am a hair-dresser
; I live in Bell Yard


; I was ill of a fever for a considerable time; when I got better, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; the books were not my property; the prisoner was my servant
 near three months; I asked her if she had washed some linen shirts; she said she had; I examined the drawer afterwards, and there were none there; she said she had given them out to be ironed to Mrs. Smith; I went to Mrs. Smith; she had but three; six were missing; I asked her after the other things mentioned in the indictment; she ran away; I cried out, Stop thief, but I could not overtake her.
She confessed to having pawned the things as different pawn-brokers; the pawn-brokers appeared, and deposed that they had taken in the different articles they produced of the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
My master was so ill, that I could not speak to him: he gave me half a guinea on the 27th, which I paid away in a fortnight; he gave me a shilling to buy some medicines; he was a passionate man; I was afraid to ask him for money, so I pawned them for to buy necessaries.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
