





594. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Angers
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a man's hat, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Nicholas
                            Pratt
                        



                     
                  , and a man's hat, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Pratt
                  



               
            , Sept. 3d
. ++


                  Nicholas
                   Pratt
               



            . The prosecutor is a baker
, and lives in Shoe-lane


; he deposed, that on the 3d of Sept. he went down to dinner, in the kitchen, behind the shop; that when he came forward he found the prisoner in his shop, with the prosecutor's and his son's hats; that the prisoner threw down the hats and ran away; that he pursued and cried, stop thief; and he was taken at about two hundred yards distance; that he once lost fight of him, but is well acquainted with the person of the prisoner.
"The prisoner in his defence said, as he was walking by the prosecutor's, a man came by and ran against him; that he reeled, and fell a little way into the shop, but knew nothing about the hats; that his father is a shoemaker, and he got his living in a gentleman's service."
He called Lettice Murray, who said that she saw a young lad, taller than the prisoner, run down George Alley just before the prisoner, at the time the prosecutor was crying stop thief; that that person was dressed very much like the prisoner. He also called 
               
                  Susannah
                   Smith
               



            , who had known him six months; 
               
                  Mary
                   Feathers
               



            , six or seven years, his brother and his mother, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
