





361. (2d L) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      BAILEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two woollen cloths, value ten shillings, a woolen cloth waistcoat, value one shilling, a pair of woollen cloth breeches, value eighteen pence and two linen shirts, value two shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Slark
                  




               
            , March 7th
 ~.


                  Thomas
                   Slark
               



            . I lodge in Swan Alley London Wall


, my things were lost out of my box in the night of the 7th of march, I saw them in my box at eleven at night when I went to bed, the box was locked, but it was a very bad lock; in the morning the lid of the box was lying on the floor, and the things were gone, the prisoner used to be with me; not coming home all that night to my knowledge, nor to work the next morning, I suspected him, I informed my brother of it and he went to Justice Wilmot, and got one of his men to go in search of the prisoner, when he was taken he confessed the fact, when I was present. I found my things at the pawnbrokers in consequence of his direction.


                  John
                   Slark
               



             the Brother of the last witness confirmed his evidence.


                  John
                   Glem
               



            , a pawn-broker produced a coat, a waistcoat, a pair of breeches and two old shirts, which he received of the prisoner, on the 8th of March.
- Fox a pawnbroker produced a great coat, which he deposed he received of the prisoner on the 8th of March: They were deposed to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I worked for the prosecutor, he was short of money, he gave me leave to take them out of the box to pawn, to raise some money to buy tools (this the prosecutor denied.)
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


