





159 (M) 
               
                  
                     ANNE
                      BUTLER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value twenty shillings, and four guineas in money, numbered
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Flack
                  




               
            , July 4
. *


                  John
                   Flack
               



            . I am an hair dresser
, last Monday was se'ennight about half after ten at night being in liquor, and seeing the prisoner in the street at the top of the Hay, market, I told her I wanted a bed; we went together to the Red Lion in Piccadilly


, there was a bed in the lower room; whether she went to bed with me or no, I am not certain. I had a watch, four guineas and a half, and some silver; I undressed myself, and felt the money and watch in my pocket before I went to bed, I fell asleep directly.
Q. How long after you came to the house was it, that you went to bed?

Flack. I went to bed immediately, I did not wake 'till the waiter called me about four or five in the morning: he asked me, if I had been robbed, the prisoner was with him in the room dressed.
Q. Was she searched?
Flack. No, He asked her for my watch and money; she threw the watch under the bed and a case of combs; I gave her some money before I went to bed; she said, she had no money: the money was afterwards found in her shoe.
Q. You did not give her the watch over night?
Flack. No.
Q. What did you give her?
Flack. Eighteen pence.
The watch was produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Morgan Williams. I am waiter at the Red Lion in Piccadilly. On Monday was se'ennight the prisoner and the prosecutor came into our house at near 11 o'clock, he said, he wanted a bed for him and his wife; I shewed them the bed, and he paid me a shilling for it; they then had a quartern of brandy, and in about half an hour after they had a quartern of rum; the prisoner came down in the morning and offered me six-pence to let her go out; I took her into the room and waked the prosecutor, and she threw the watch and some other things on the bed before she was charged with the robbery. I went and fetched the constable, and she was taken to the watch-house.


                  Frances
                   Mould
               



            . I was at a house called the New Castle upon Tyne, near Cambridgestreet: after the prisoner was committed there was the constable's wife, the constable and another man; I found four guineas upon her, between the callico and lining of her shoe, in a dirty ragg, pined to the lining of her shoe.
Prisoners Defence.
The money was sent me by my friends in Ireland two days before, to go over to them; the prosecutor met me in Piccadilly, he said, he knew me, he pulled me into the place, and took me into a back room, and gave me two shillings. I said I did not want it, I had money enough of my own; he put it in my bosom and used me ill, he made me drink part of two quarterns of rum.
Q. to Williams. Was he asleep when you carried up the 2d quatern?
Mould. No, He paid me for it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


