





549. (L.) 
               
                  
                     GEORGE
                      DOWNTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 4 s yards of silk, value 14 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Crosier
                  




               
            , May 25th. ++


                  John
                   Crallon
               



            . I am servant to Mr.


                  John
                   Crosier
               



            ; I missed the piece of silk mentioned in the indictment on the 25th of May. Mr. Crosier came to town on the 27th; I acquainted him that the silk was missing; he sent Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             an account of it, and an advertisement was inserted in the news papers concerning it; in consequence of which, we were informed, that the piece was at Mr. Vobe's, behind St. Clement's Church.
Q. Did you know the prisoner?
Crallon. I have seen him at our shop; he has come for patterns.
Mr. Vobe. I am a mercer, and live in Holy-well-street; I bought this piece of silk of the prisoner, on the 26th of May; he said it was his own, and shewed me a variety of patterns of different goods; I pitched on this, and he brought me the piece. The prisoner was I think in partnership with the person that was in the house before me. He lived in reputation, and kept a house in town and another at Bath. (The silk produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought it of a woman that used to offer such goods to Mr. Morris; I gave her 12 l. for it; I bought several things of her.
He called 
               
                  Thomas
                   Wise
               



             who had known him ten years; 
               
                  Samuel
                   Cle
               



             fifteen years, and 
               
                  John
                   Birch
               



             some time, who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
