






562, 563. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      DEVEREUX
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HINDES
                  



               
             were indicted for that they 


               in a certain field and open place, near the king's highway, on 
                     
                        Robert
                         Marsh
                     



                  , did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person a quarter of a guinea, the property of the said Robert
            , July 13
. *


                     Robert
                      Marsh
                  




               
            . On the 13th of July, about a quarter after three, I met a gentleman near Limehouse Bridge


; he said two men had robbed him of two guineas and a half. I went about two or three rods along the field, and then I was robbed by the prisoners, and some more, of a quarter of a guinea; Devereux took me by the collar, and Hindes took the money out of my pocket; the rest all surrounded me; I pursued them as far as Brook-street, which is about three quarters of a mile; then three went one way and three another; upon this I made an application to Justice Sherwood; he was not at home; his men found them in about an hour or two; one of the prisoners was taken at the 
               
                  Virginia
                   Plant
               



            ; I was not present when the other was taken; I am sure these are the two men; they are not now dressed in the same clothes, but at the time they were taken they had on the same clothes as when they robbed me; they were taken on Tuesday the 13th, and carried to New Prison on the Wednesday, and were committed to Newgate on Friday. I swore to them when I was first examined before the Justice. I saw no weapons when they attacked me.


                  George
                   Forester
               



            . I know the prisoners; the prosecutor came to Justice Sherwood's to make complaint of being robbed; the Justice was not at home; three or four of the Justice's men went to see after the men; I went with them; we went all round the fields but could not find them; but in a back lane by the first field I met with the two prisoners and told Devereux he must go back on suspicion of the robbery; Devereux said I know what you take me up for, the robbery in Stepney Fields; he said he was innocent of it; the other man made off; I took Devereux before the Justice; the prisoner had given a description of the men; he said there were four or five in number, that one had a brown coat on with a round hat, the other a waistcoat with pea buttons; he was brought again, and Hindes was taken on that day. There were six or seven before the Justice who had been taken up, all stood with their hats on; the Justice bid him look round and six upon the men; he immediately fixed upon these two men and no other.
Devereux's Defence.
I know nothing of it.
Hindes's Defence.
I have a witness to prove I was at another place.
For Hindes.


                  Mary
                   Lambert
               



            . On Tuesday the 13th of July Hindes and I went to the Curiosity-house at Stepney, about twelve in the morning; we staid there two hours; from thence we went to the Ship, and staid there till about seven in the evening, then we came home together.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               Death
            .
