





295. (L. 2d.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Armond
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief and a linen shirt, value 2 s. and a neckcloth, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Townley
                  




               
            , April 13
. ++
W. Townley. I am servant
 to Mr. Driver, at a nursery-garden, in Kent Road. Coming out of Gracechurch-street


, on the 13th of April, in the evening, I stopped to hear people singing; this was a little after nine. I had not stopped above two minutes, before I felt a tug very hard at my left hand pocket, in which was a shirt, a neckcloth, and a handkerchief. I turned my head immediately, and saw the prisoner's hand go from my pocket, and whip it under his coat and run. I ran after him. There were no people passed till we came to the gateway under St. Magnus church. I saw him stop all at once. I told him, he was the man that robbed me. He never was out of my sight. I was going to search him. A man said, That man that you have hold of, I saw push a little bundle through the bannisters of the bridge. I looked through, and saw the water was low. The people looked, and said, There is a bundle lying on the ledge, on the outside, a little below the bannisters, where boys can run round. I got the prisoner near the bannisters, and looked through, and saw it was my bundle; I said, I would satisfy any body if they would get it me. A sailor jumped over the bannisters, and put it through to me; for which I gave him some halfpence. ( Produced in court and deposed to.) I charged a constable with the prisoner. When we were taking him away, he said, if I would forgive him, he would never do so more.
W. Baker. Coming over London Bridge, on Good Friday at night, about nine, I met a man in full run. Just before he came to me, I saw him chuck something through the bannisters of the bridge. The prosecutor was up with him immediately, and took hold of him. There was no other man came near. I believe the prisoner is the man. The prosecutor looked through, and said, it was his bundle. A sailor got over and shoved it through.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming from Leaden-hall; that man ran after me, and said, I had picked his pocket. I know no more of it than the child unborn.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
The prisoner was tried and acquitted at Kingston Assize last.
