






131. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      ANGLE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR
                      COTTER
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one book, bound in red leather, intitled "The Daily Journal, for the year 1766." value 6 d. one silver watch, value 40 s. one steel chain, value 6 d. one steel seal, value 4 d. and one iron key, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Davids
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            , Dec. 15
.


                  William
                   Davids
               



            . I am a writer
. On Sunday night, December the 15th, I was picked up in Drury-lane, at the end of Long-acre; I was a little in liquor, and was so foolish as to go with her; she took me to Angle's; we had some liquor there; there I missed my pocketbook, and asked for it: they said they had not got it; and one went out and then the other, and I went after them into the street. I saw Angle, and asked her for my pocket-book; then I missed my watch out of my fob. I ran after Angle; she got away. The next morning a young man that lodges with me went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, and the watch was found on Angle, and she was committed.
Q. Did you take sufficient notice of the women to know them again?
Davids. Yes.
Q. What liquor had you?
Davids. A two-shilling bowl of negus. I changed a guinea to pay for it; and Angle put the change on the table, and afterwards when I was going to take it, Cotter played with me, and I saw no more of the change.
Q. Was there a bed in the room?
Davids. Yes; but I did not go to bed. I would have nothing to do with them.
Q. Was not your breeches waistband unbuttoned at all?
Davids. Yes; Angle unbuttoned it.
Q. Did you mention you had missed the book and watch before you went out of the room?
Davids. Yes; I missed my pocket-book in the room, but I did not miss the watch till I got out of the room.


                  John
                   Noakes
               



            . On Monday morning a barber that lives in the front room of this house came and said. there was a gentleman robbed the over night in the room; I asked him which way he knew it; he said he had seen the gentleman. I went and searched the prisoner's lodging, which is the back room, and found underneath the drawers a pocket-book open and the papers all loose; the papers had all been examined. Mrs. Angle came in; I asked her where the watch was. What watch! said she. I said I have found the pocket-book, if you don't give it me I shall search you. She hesitated a long time; at last she pulled it out of her pocket. I took her into Bow-street. On examining the pocket-book I found who it belonged to, and sent a man to enquire whether this man lodged at the house that a letter was directed to him at.
(The pocket-book and watch produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Angle's Defence.
This young woman and I live in a room together. The gentleman picked us both up; he went home with us; he took his watch out of his pocket and put it on the table; he said he had not got a farthing in the world but two shillings and two or three half pence. He left his watch with us for half a guinea till the next day; he took his pocket-book out to take our directions, and left it behind him.
Cottor in her defence said the same as Angle had done.
Both 


               guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 



               T
            .
