





667. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      DAILY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a child's coral set in silver, value 14 s. a cloth cloak, value 3 s. two linen shirts, value 6 s. a linen gown, value 3 s. a child's linen jamb, value 7 s. a blanket, value 2 s. a linen sheet, value 2 s. two linen aprons, value 3 s. two muslin handkerchiefs, value 2 s. one linen shift, value 2 s. a linen bed gown, value 18 d. six yards of silk ribbon, value 1 s. a child's silk sash, value 1 s. and seventy-two farthings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Bowring
                  




               
            , Sept. 9th
. ++


                  William
                   Bowring
               



            . I live at Shoreditch


; the things mentioned in the indictment were lost out of the room I lie in. About nine o'clock at night, on Thursday the 9th of September, I saw the red clock on the back of a chair; as soon as I got up next morning, which was about six o'clock, I missed it, and the rest of the things; I found the coral, and several of the things at different pawnbrokers. The prisoner lived servant
 with me, and nursed my wife in her lying-in. (The red cloak, the gown, and corol produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  John
                   Glenn
               



            . I am a pawnbroker: the cloak, gown and shirt were pawned with me by 
               
                  Mary
                   Daniels
               



            , who lives in Gravel-lane, Houndsditch. I never saw the prisoner before in my life.


                  John
                   Whitehurst
               



            . The prisoner brought this coral to me, and asked nine shillings on it; I asked her if it was her own; she said no, a person sent her with it. I asked several questions, and not giving me satisfactory answers, I said I would stop the coral and go to the person who sent her; she directed me to the prosecutor, who said they gave her no authority to pawn these things.


                  Thomas
                   Cooper
               



            . I went on the Saturday following to look after this woman, and found her in Gravel-lane; she had a hat on her head, that was Mrs. Bowring's; I took her, and she confessed she took the things out of the house; she said she carried the coral to Mr. Whitehurst to pledge, and left a bundle of things in a house in Gravel-lane that she imagined to be a bad house; I asked her how she came to do it; she said she did not know; she said she left the rest of the things at a house in Houndsditch; I got an officer and searched that house but found nothing.
Prisoner's Defence.
It was through necessity, and there was a trifle of money due to me from them; I wanted it and they could not give it me, I had no particular consent to pawn them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
