





284. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six guineas and 2 s. and 6 d. in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard
                            Poole
                        




                     
                  , and one bank note for the payment of 15 l. the property of the said 
                     
                        Richard
                         Poole
                     



                  , the said note being then due and unsatisfied
            , Feb. 5th
. ++


                  Isaac
                   George
               



            . (a black.) I am a servant to Mr. Rider: I came from Croydon by the direction of Mr. 
               
                  Richard
                   Poole
               



            ; I brought a letter to deliver to Mr. Wellbank in the Strand, in that Mr. Poole put the notes mentioned in the indictment, and a small sum of money; I put the letter into my waistcoat pocket, and came to town for the purpose of delivering it, according to the direction. Then I went to a dance at a public-house called the Elephant, in Fenchurch-street; I neglected delivering the letter till I came from that dance; when I came near St. Paul's Church-yard, I met with the prisoner; he spoke to me and asked me where I was going; I said I was going beyond St. Clement's Church; the prisoner said he was going beyond the church, he would be glad to keep me company; the prisoner proposed drinking together; we went into a public house and drank together; we came out and walked on as far as a little beyond St. Clement's Church; when we came to St. Clement's Church the prisoner put his hand in my pocket and took out the letter; I found his hand in my pocket, and saw it come out with the letter in it; I laid hold of him, and in that instant he delivered it to two women of the town; they ran towards the city; I then secured the prisoner; he strove to get away, but I secured him and brought him to the watch-house; there he lodged for the night. Into this letter were put two bank notes, and the money as stated in the indictment; it was about 10 o'clock when I came from the dance; I could never get at the letter again, nor I do not know what became of it, except by broken parcels of a letter that were found; I never saw or knew the prisoner till that time. I am positive I never told the prisoner I had any such letter in my pocket at the time.
Mr. Poole. I put the notes and the money into this letter, and delivered it to this person, in the presence of Mr. Ryder, for him to carry and deliver it to Mrs. Wellbank.
(Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Rider
               



             gave the same account.)


                  Joseph
                   Beck
               



            . Near the watch-house where this prisoner was confined, I found these torn parcels of a letter (producing them.) They appeared to be the letter that was sent by Mr. Poole to Mr. Wellbank.

Prisoner's Defence.
I did not take the letter; there was a quarrel in the street; he and I took the same part in it; we went together into a public-house, that occasioned our walking together; at St. Clements's Church the black stopped and talked with two blacks; at the end of that conversation he came up and said he was robbed, and charged me with having robbed him.
For the Prosecution.


                  James
                   Bond
               



            . I am a beadle; when the prisoner was brought to the watch-house and the black came there, the black said the letter had been taken out of his pocket and delivered to two women.
For the Prisoner.
The Watchman. When the prisoner was brought to the watch-house the charge against him was, that he had taken a letter out of the black's pocket and delivered it to two women, but when he took him up, nothing was said of the letter being delivered to the two women. I thought it but a small charge, the prisoner's having the letter, and there being no desire from the black to any person whatever to pursue the two women there was no enquiry about the women; there was a number of people got together; I never heard of this part of the story of the letter being delivered to the two women before.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
