






224. 225. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HART
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      FIELD
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing two hempen sacks, value 2 s. and eight bushels of oats, value 16 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benj.
                      Smith
                  




               
            , Jan. 22
. ++


                  Benjamin
                   Smith
               



            , the prosecutor, deposed, that on the 22d of January he missed two bags of oats out of a lighter that lay at his wharf near the Savoy


.
- Fletcher. I was on duty at Somerset-house on the 22d of January, and was stationed at the back of the Savoy. I saw two men, between ten and eleven o'clock at night at the water-side; I challenged them; they ran away at first; then one said to the other, D - n it, it is only the sentry. Then they came back; they passed me, and went among the craft. I know one to be Hart. I went back to my post, and in five minutes time the same two men came up, each had a sack on his shoulder; they went up towards the Strand; I followed them to the steps that went up to the Strand; Hart called me by my name. I said, I don't know you. He said, D - n it, don't you know Will. Hart? then I recollected it was a man I had been at a trial with. I gave information of it to Mr. Smith; in consequence of that, Hart was taken up; at first he denied it, afterwards he confessed that he and Field stole the oats, and sold them to a baker in St. Ann's-lane, Westminster.
The constable confirmed this evidence respecting the confession, and that they sold the oats and some sacks at the baker's, but that the sacks had no marks.
Hart's Defence.
I am innocent; if I confessed any thing, it was when I was very much in liquor.
He called 
               
                  Henry
                   Neale
               



             his serjeant, who said he had known him five years, and that he behaved well as a soldier.
Hart 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Field 

               acquitted
            .
