





143. (L.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HUDSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three cloth coats, value 3 l. three cloth waistcoats, value 10 s. two pair of cloth breeches, value 8 s. fifteen linen shirts, value 3 l. one silk petticoat, value 5 s. one muslin apron, value 4 s. one child's robe blanket, value 6 d. three children's linen frocks, value 3 s. two children's linen shirts, value 6 d. and one child's bed gown, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        William
                         Fleming
                     



                   in her dwelling house
            , Nov. 3d
. ++


                     William
                      Fleming
                  




               
            . On the 3d of November, I went out about two, and returned about five o'clock in the afternoon; while I was out my house was robbed of the things mentioned in the indictment. I found the outer door and the kitchen door broke open; I sent three boys round among the pawnbrokers, to give them information of what I had lost, and to desire them to stop them, if any of my goods should be offered them; I found one suit of my clothes at a pawnbroker's in Holborn. I had some hand-bills printed and distributed; I was informed the Friday morning following, that some of my clothes were stopt in Rosemary-lane; I went there and found two coats, two waistcoats, four shirts and some other little things.


                  Nicholas
                   Brown
               



            . I live with Mr. Coney, a pawnbroker, the corner of Leather-lane in Holborn. I took in a suit of pompadour clothes of the prisoner (produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Joseph
                   Coxon
               



            . 
               
                  William
                   Hudson
               



             and I broke open Mr. Fleming's house between two and three in the afternoon; he broke open the kitchen door; I broke open the dining room door; after which we parted the things. I sold my share to Macartney, upon whom they were afterwards stopped.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am entirely innocent of the charge.
For the Prisoner.
- Lepping well. I knew the prisoner five or six years ago; he bore a good character.
Q. Have you known him since that?
Lepping well. Yes; he drove a coach, and worked for me as a coachmaster.
Q. Do you know what his character, has been since he lived with you?
Leppingwell. No.




               Guilty. 30 s.
            



               T
            .
See him tried for being concerned with Smith alias Thumper. for burglary in the dwelling house of Mr. Nesbit, (for which Smith was executed) No. 174; see him tried for another burglary No. 373, both in the last mayoralty.
