






354. () 
               
                  SARAH, the wife
 of 
									
									Stancey TONGE, otherwise Thomas Tonge
									







            , was indicted for 


               stealing 17 yards of silk lace, value 11 s. the property of 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Green
                     



                  , privately in his shop
            , March the 30th

. +


                  William
                   Gunston
               



            . I am a journeyman to Mr. Green, who is a haberdasher
, at No. 51, Cheapside



; the prisoner at the bar came to our shop on Tuesday the 30th of March, about the hour of five, as near as I can remember, in the afternoon; she desired to look at some narrow blood laces; she had a little parcel in her hand, about the size of this, (about six or eight inches wide, and twelve or fourteen long) upon it was pinn'd a pattern of blond lace; she asked me if I had any that would match it; I told her I had; I serched the drawer, and took out a piece which matched her's; she then said she wanted it finer and broader; I told her we had nothing nearer then that; she took up severals cards of blond lace.
Q. That sort of lace?
Gunston. Yes, and asked the prices of them. There were about twenty odd cards in the drawer; she asked me if I had any other pattern that was about 3 s. or 4 s. a dozen; I shewed her one or two more about that price out of the same drawer as I took them out of; I laid them on the other side of the drawer from where she stood; she then took up this parcel of her own which had the patterns pinn'd to it, and laid it upon the laces that I had taken out and put on the other side of the drawer, and then she asked me what was the lowest price of the lace which matched her pattern; I told her 4 s. a dozen; she asked me if I would take 3 s. a dozen, for she wanted a pretty deal of it; I told her 4 s. was the lowest if she was to take the whole card of it; she then took up this parcel she had laid upon the laces in a very particular manner which struck my attention as it lay upon the laces on the other side of the drawer; she put the under part of her hand close underneath and brought it over in a very stiff manner, and laid it directly before her; seeing the parcel going in this stiff manner struck me, I endeavoured to look under it; I stooped with pretence to look in the drawers but could not see any lace; she then asked me what quantity of that little edging would trim a little cap; I told her it depended upon what kind of cap it was; she then said cut me three-quarters of a yard; then she said no half an ell will be enough, which I cut off; she then asked me for some coarse cat-gut; I think a quarter of a yard or a quarter and a half of coarse cat-gut: we keep the cat-gut in the counter; I asked her to lift the parcel off while I lifted up the counter; as she took the parcel off I kept my eye upon her: I observed her as she drew back she put her right hand under the parcel which she took in her left hand, and immediately I saw a quick motion under her apron; the moment she had disengaged her hands from her apron, her hand went into her pocket immediately, and she took out some money; then this parcel which was so stiff before in her hand was hung very carelessly upon her hand; she threw down the money that the lace and cat-gut came to, which I believe was 7 1/2 d. seeing all these operations confirmed me very strongly in my suspicion that she had got a card of lace; she said then is that the lowest price; I said yes; then she said, I shall want a dozen and eight yards of lace, which I must send my young woman for to-morrow morning; then she wished me a good afternoon, and away she went: the went to the door; I went found the counter, catched hold of her hand, and said, I wanted to speak to her.
Q. Where was she then?
Gunston. There is a sash door, she had got on the outside of the door and was just turning round to go; as soon as she came in, I said, Ma'am, you have got a card of lace, or something that don't belong to you; she denied it; I then took her into the back counting-house and charged her with it again.
Q. Was there any people in the shop besides?
Gunston. Mr. Green was serving two ladies; she immediately fell down upon her knees, and begged for God's sake I would have mercy upon her; I desired her to sit down in a chair; she refused, and fell down directly upon her knees again, and made a motion by which I thought she wanted to disengage what she had; I then pulled her up rather rough, and pushed her down into a chair to make her sit down; I then put her apron and gown by and she first thing I saw sticking out under her stays was this piece of gauze (producing it.)
Court. That has nothing to do in this case.
Gunston. Then I felt under her stays and pulled out this card of lace (producing it).
Q. Do you know it to be Mr. Green's?
Gunston. Yes, very well; for that very morning I took it on return from a milliner that had it the night before to shew to a lady; she begged still very hard for God's sake I would forgive her, and let her go, and she pulled a little box out of her pocket which she opened, and threw about eight or ten pieces of gold upon the table, which she begged I would accept if I would keep this affair secret; which I would not do; I then secured her; Mr. Green came back into the counting house and asked her name; she said it was Shipley, and that her husband was an attorney in St. Mary Axe; Mr. Green went back into the shop and brought two ladies with him; while Mr. Green was gone, I said, what could be your motive for doing this? she said, poverty: said I, that is impossible, you have gold here in plenty, you do not seem as if you was in any distress; you do not know, said she, what distress there is in a family: almost directly she clasped me round the body, and said I am not a married woman, for God's sake make it up and I will give you twenty guineas if you will make it up.
Court. Well, well, you need not mention every
little circumstance! you charged a constable with her?
Gunston. By this time the ladies came into the counting-house where we were, and Mr. Green asked them if they knew her; they said yes, and were sorry to see her under these circumstances; Mrs. Tonge said, Ma'am, you do not know me; she said yes, and her name was Tonge and that she lived in Fleet-street; Mr. Green said how could you tell me such a falsity; she said, Lord, Sir; would you have me tell the truth at this time. I was sent for a constable.
Q. Is there any mark upon the lace?
Gunston. Yes, the number of the card, and a private mark of what it cost us; it is Mr. Green's marking; I know it to be his property.
Cross Examination.
Q. You say she came into your shop to buy lace and did buy it?
Gunston. Yes.
Q. That she had a parcel like that you describe?
Gunston. Yes.
Q. When you saw her lay it upon the card of lace, did you attempt to take it off, or speak to her about any impropriety you observed in it?
Gunston. I had no reason nor no right to do it.
Q. When you wanted to lift the counter, in order to see under it, she removed it?
Gunston. Yes.
Q. And there was something particular in it, but you saw nothing under the parcel itself?
Gunston. No.
Q. Not saw nothing of the lace till the time you mentioned you took it from under her stays?
Gunston. Yes.
Q. Have you always talked the same of this story as you do now?
Gunston. Yes.
Q. Or did you say before the sitting alderman, that when she moved it across the counter, you saw part of the lace hang down?
Gunston. I did not, sir, because the card was pinn'd up.
Q. When the lace is taken from a card, do you put other lace upon the same card?
Gunston. If it is the same pattern; if not, we destroy the old mark; and put another on again; it would be very extravagant else to use a card to every lace.
Q. You do not know when that was marked?
Gunston. No.

Q. It may have been marked a great while before for any thing you know?
Gunston. It was marked when that lace was put upon the card.
Court. What is the reason for your saying it was marked when the lace was put on?
Gunston. When we have a card that has been used before, we cut off the old mark, and mark it afresh with what that cost.
Q. Nor you do not know them to be your own cards?
Gunston. Yes.
Court. It is by the mark you know what to ask?
Gunston. Yes; it is marked with the prime cost, and we know what profit to ask.
Counsel. When you sell a whole card you sell card and all?
Gunston. Sometimes we sell it card and all, sometimes not.
Q. How high is the box it was in?
Gunston. It is a drawer; it might be four or five inches deep.
Q. You say you laid the laces, when you took them out, upon that side of the drawer farthest from her?
Gunston. Yes.
Q. You put it over the drawer next you?
Gunston. Yes, a cross the drawer, and covered the laces with it.
Prisoner's Defence.
The card of lace I certainly took up with my parcel; I had my gloves on, and upon my word I knew no more that I had it then you do; it never was under my stays, so help me God.
Court. How many yards was upon this piece?
Gunston. Seventeen yards; it cost Mr. Green 8 d. the yard; it cost him 11 s. 4 d.
Counsel for the prisoner. I thought you asked her 4 s. a dozen?
Gunston. That was a narrow edging she was bargaining for, not for this.
Court. Was you not satisfied, by what you saw the woman do, that she had stole the lace?
Gunston. Yes, every circumstance confirmed my suspicion.
Court. I do not mean whether it gave rise to a suspicion, but was you convinced in your mind?
Gunston. I was convinced in my mind she had got something, but I did not know what.
For the Prisoner.


                  Henry
                   Parker
               



            . I am a gauze weaver: I have known her about a year or more.
Q. What character does she bear?
Parker. I know nothing of her character.
Q. She has dealt with you?
Parker. Yes.
Q. Very honestly?
Parker. I never suspected the contrary.


                  John
                   Burcher
               



            . I am a goldsmith in Long-acre: I have known her ever since 1761; great part of the time she has kept a milliner's shop in Fleet-street; she is in a large way of business; I never heard but that she dealt fairly and honestly, and bore the character of an honest woman.
Mrs. Burcher. I have known her between 13 and 14 years; I thought her character a very good one. I keep a shop with my son; she had a house of mine two or three years before she went into business; she paid very honestly; I have bought things of her, cloaks, and every thing; this is a litigious thing; I do not think she would be guilty of such a thing.
Court. I cannot pass by such evidence as this without taking notice of it: have you heard what Gunston swore, that he took this piece of lace from under her stays?
Burcher. Yes.
Court. Well, and can you think that owing to a mistake?
Burcher. We have had many mistakes in my shop, and ladies have carried things into their coach.
Q. What under their stays?
Burcher. In their laps some how.
Court. Now suppose a fine lady was to come into your shop, and you should miss some jewels, and find them afterwards, half way down their stays, would you think that a mistake.
Burcher. We have found this mistake and taken them out.
Q. Do you upon your oath believe, supposing that gentleman has swore true, that this was a mistake?
Burcher. I know nothing of that gentleman, I am sure it amazed me.
Q. Why then do you put such a construction upon it?
Burcher. I do not think she would have been guilty of such a thing.


                  Charles
                   Barnet
               



            . I live at Wendover, in Bucks: I am a lace-maker. I have known her seven or eight years; I have dealt with her from that time; her general character always was very good till this.
Q. Did she always bear the character of an honest woman?

Barnet. She did to me.
Q. You live at Wendover?
Barnet. Yes; but I come to London every week or fortnight. I never thought any thing amiss of her.
Q. Have you left lace at her house?
Barnet. Yes; while I have been going to take a walk with any friend, I have left from 50 l. to 200 l. worth of lace at a time, as I might at any other shop where I dealt.
Q. Were they sealed?
Barnet. No, only tied or buckled with a strap; I never lost a card to my knowledge; I have, when I have been ill, sent her up a dozen or so, and she has sent me down the money for a card; I never missed a yard of those cards that I left with her. I would have opened an account with her, but she would not suffer me to do it.


                  Michael
                   Patterson
               



            . I live at No. 5, in Wood-street; I am in partnership with Sherwood and Reynolds; we keep a Coventry ribbon ware-house.
Q. How long have you known her?
Patterson. About two or three years; she has come and looked out goods; we have sent them; she has always paid for every thing she had. I never had any suspicion of her honesty.
Q. What is her general character?
Patterson. I never heard any thing to the contrary.


                  Edward
                   Sumpter
               



            . I am a broker upon Snow-hill; I have known her four or five years; I never knew any thing but what was very good; I never heard any thing against her character before.


                  William
                   Bowler
               



            . I am a lace-man; I live at Radcliffe-cross; I did live in Oxfordshire: I have known her five or six years; I never heard any thing amiss of her character before this; I dealt with her for hundreds of pounds; I have left cards of lace with her time after time; I always received them as I left them.


                  Joseph
                   Witbridge
               



            . I live in Fleet-street; I am a silk morcer: I have known her four or five years.
Q. What is her general character?
Witbridge. I have not heard much of it; she has dealt with me, and always paid me honestly. I have not dealt with her this twelve-month past, as I know of.


                  Eleanor
                   Ellway
               



            . I am a milliner: I lived three years with her; I left her eleven months ago.
Q. What is her general character?
Ellway. She was always in a just way of dealing.
Q. Did she bear the character of an honest woman?
Ellway. I never heard any imputation upon her character.


                  William
                   Hern
               



            . I am an attorney: I have known her a dozen years; I never knew any thing amiss of her in my life. My father used to invite her for weeks together to our house before she kept this shop; she has generally a very good character.


                  Edward
                   Bryan
               



            . I was present at the examination of Mrs. Tonge, at Guildhall: Mr. Gunston said when she took up the lace she put her hand under the parcel; and he said he saw the corner of the lace and the corner of the card stick out; the card was his word.
Nebemiab Ward. I understood it in the same light upon the examination as the last witness has given his oath, that in taking up the parcel; he said he saw the lace, or the corner of the lace, I understood him so.
Q. The other said the corner of the card?
Ward. He said he saw the corner of the lace hang down.
Court. You are coming here upon words, that is the whole, to shew that this gentleman said at the Lord Mayor's different from what he has now said; now can you recollect the words he made use of?
Ward. As nigh as I can recollect he made use of the expression of the corner of the card being seen under the parcel; he took up the paper and said he saw the corner of it hang down, or out.
Q. Was that the word?
Ward. I believe it is.
Q. Are you sure he said the corner of it?
Ward. I am partly sure that is the word.
Court to Mr. Gunston. Do you recollect what you said?
Gunston. Yes, I do; it did not come into my mind when I was upon my evidence; I said before Alderman Sawbridge, that in order to be certain, after the stiff moving of the parcel, I did endeavour to see if I could discover any thing under it, I put my head low down, and thought I discovered the corner of the card but saw no lace.
Q. Is your master here?
Gunston. No, he is a quaker; therefore I was bound over to prosecute.
Q. Are any of those ladies here?
Gunston. I thought there was no necessity of their coming here; they saw nothing of the transaction, but only spoke about her person.




               Guilty of stealing the lace, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .

(2d L.) SARAH, the wife of Stancey TONGE, otherwise Thomas Tonge, was a second time indicted for 


               stealing six yards of gauze, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jarvis
                            Chambers
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Stephen
                            Langston
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            , March 30th

. +
- Holyer. I am an apprentice to Messrs. 
               
                  Jarvis
                   Chambers
               



             and 
               
                  Stephen
                   Langston
               



            ; they are haberdashers

 in Cheapside



.
Q. Do you remember the prisoner coming to their shop?
Holyer. Yes; on Tuesday the 30th of March

, at near five in the afternoon.
Q. Had you ever seen her before?
Holyer. Not to my knowledge.
Q. Are you sure to her person?
Holyer. Yes; she asked me for an article called glossy cat-gut; I shewed her some; she bought one yard to the best of my remembrance at 20 d. and paid for it; in the same paper of cat-gut was contained a piece of gauze like this.
Q. From whom had you that piece?
Holyer. 
               
                  William
                   Gunston
               



            ; he delivered it to me just this minute.
Q. Are you sure that piece is your master's property?
Holyer. There was such a piece in the paper.
Q. Can you be sure; was there your mark upon it?
Holyer. There was no mark upon it, there was such a piece in the paper when I opened it to her; I immediately put the paper up in its place, as she was going out of the shop, with the remainder of the cat-gut in it; I did not observe whether the gauze was gone or not; she went away. The next I heard of it was 
               
                  William
                   Gunston
               



             sent to our shop to know whether we had lost such a thing.
Q. How far is Mr. Green's from your shop?
Holyer. Nine doors; I went immediately into Mr. Green's without looking at the paper; when the piece of gauze was shewn me by Gunston the prisoner was present; we sent one of our young men to the house for the paper; I sent 
               
                  Samuel
                   Raymes
               



             for the paper; he brought it back; we had no other paper of the kind in the shop.
Q. How long was it before he brought it?
Holyer. Three minutes at the farthest; when it was brought we opened it, and there was the cat-gut in it, but the piece of gauze, like this, was not there. The prisoner confessed the fact; she said she had taken it from our house.
Q. Did she say any thing more?
Holyer. She wanted much to be released; she begged very hard.
Q. Did she speak to you?
Holyer. Yes.
Q. What was the purport of what she said?
Holyer. To let her go off free without charging her with a constable; she offered 
               
                  Jarvis
                   Chambers
               



            , who was then present -
Q. He was not there at first?
Holyer. No.
Q. Was he present when she confessed she stole it from your shop?
Holyer. He came of his own accord upon hearing we were there; she asked for pen, ink and paper, that she might assign over to him what was in her possession at that time, as a grataity to let her go.
Q. What did you understand by it?
Holyer. I apprehended she meant all her effects.
Q. She did beg to be discharg'd, did she?
Holyer. She kneeled down on her knees several times.
Prisoner. Knowing there were ladies waiting for me at home I begged to be let go.
Q. Did she say any thing to you of having ladies at home?
Holyer. Yes; she said she was wanted at home.
Q. And begged you would let her go?
Holyer. Yes.
Q. How came she to tell you she had taken it at your house?
Holyer. We charged her with it and she confessed it.
Prisoner. It was my own gauze; I never confessed it; I had used seven yards of it; it was my own.
Cross Examination.
Q. What became of the gauze afterwards?
Holyer. It was left in 
               
                  William
                   Gunston
               



            's possession.
Q. Who produces it now?
Holyer. I do.
Q. Have you ever seen the gauze since.
Holyer. No; I saw it when it was brought to find the bill of indictment.
Q. Was there ever any charge made of this gauze before the alderman?
Holyer. I did not appear before the alderman.
Q. Then from that time to this there has been no charge against this woman, till this bill of indictment; how came you not to go to the alderman to charge her with this?

Holyer. Because Gunston went with his lace.
Q. Who applied to you to prosecute her for stealing the gauze?
Holyer. My master desired me.
Q. Who applied to your master?
Holyer. Nobody.
Q. Then it is extraordinary you did not go before the alderman?
Holyer. Gunston was enough for that.
Q. Did not she deny the gauze being your's?
Holyer. At first; afterwards she confessed it.
Q. That is, you are pleased to say she confessed it?
Holyer. I am pleased to say the truth.


                  William
                   Gunston
               



            . I took her into the back room behind the shop, in order to search her; when I got her into the chair, I put her apron and gown by, the first thing I saw was this gauze sticking about the middle part under her stays, and held between the stays and her body; I pulled it out, and said, hollow! what have you got here? she said this is some gauze I am going to shew to a lady: said I this is an odd manner to take gauze to shew to ladies under your stays, I am afraid you have taken it somewhere or other; she then said it was her own gauze; I opened a little parcel in her hand to see what she had been buying, and in it I saw some glossy cat-gut; I then called for our apprentice, and bid him go into the neighbourhood, and enquire who had sold a lady that cat-gut; he went to two of the neighbours, and they had not sold any; then he went to Mr. Langstone's, and then Mr. Holyer and Mr. Addington both came up; I said Mr. Holyer do you know this piece of gauze? he said no; we had such a piece of gauze in the parcel, I will go home and fetch it.
Q. Did you shew the piece of gauze to Holyer?
Gunston. Yes. I forget whether Addington and he both went, or how, but Addington brought the parcel soon after; Holyer said, before the parcel was opened, if there is a piece of Paris net in this parcel this is not our's; the parcel was opened and the Paris net was not there; there was none.
Cross Examination.
Q. Is this that gauze or Paris net?
Gunston. Paris net gauze, that is the term of it.
Q. It does not seem to be rumpled.
Gunston I have kept it in a box in my custody from that hour to this.
Q. One would have apprehended, if a woman had had it under her stays, it would have been tumbled: how far up was it?
Gunston. About thus high ( describing it to be about half way up her stays); that gauze will not rumple.
Q. to Holyer. How long had she been gone from your shop before you was sent for?
Holyer. About ten minutes.
Q. from the Jury to Gunston. What reason had you to send to Messrs. Langstone and Chambers's before any other shop?
Court. He told you he sent to two or three others before.


                  Samuel
                   Addington
               



            . Mr. Green's young man came into our shop, and asked me whether there had been a lady at our house within a few minutes to buy some glossy cat-gut; I said, yes; he said come to our house to look at her, for we have found some Paris net upon her, which we imagine is stole from somebody; I went immediately and Holyer followed, and I went home for this paper; when I came to see the lady at Mr. Green's; they asked me, was this lady in your shop? I said, yes; Holyer was there at the time.
Q. Who sent you home for the paper?
Addington. Gunston I believe; or whether I said I will fetch the paper I cannot hardly recollect; but I went home and fetched the paper immediately.
Q. Did you know the paper?
Addington. Very well.
Q. Did you ever see that gauze in that paper?
Addington. We always keep that sort of gauze and glossy cat-gut, and plain gauze in that paper; either Mr. Gunston desired me, or I said will fetch the paper, I forget which.
Q. You know perfectly well the paper?
Addington. Yes, every thing of the glossy kind was put in that paper.
Q. Did Holyer say any thing about the paper?
Addington. I cannot recollect whether he did or no, for I immediately ran for it as soon as ever I saw the prisoner.
Q. Did you open it at your own shop?
Addington. No; not till I got to Mr. Green's compting-house; there I found in it glossy cat-guts, and plain gauze; she offered any sum of money, and called for pen and ink to make over all that she had in the world, if Mr. Green and Mr. Langstone, the owners of the lace and gauze, would not prosecute her.

Cross Examination.
Q. You have said all the glossy gauze and cat-gut was in that paper?
Addington. Yes.
Q. Was that all the gauze you had in the house?
Addington. No; we keep variety of gauzes in the house; all the glossy gauze that we have we keep there.
Q. Is it gauze or Paris net?
Addington. It is Paris net gauze.
Court. Is this a kind of gauze?
Addington. Yes; there is plain gauze and figured gauze of various denominations, but this we always call Paris net.
Q. But is it gauze?
Addington. Yes.
Prisoner. I told Mr. Gunston it was my own when he took it barbarously from me; he never charged me with it before the alderman.
Q. from the prisoner's counsel to Gunston. Did not she tell you it was her own gauze?
Gunston. She said so at first.
Q. How came she not to be charged with this before the alderman?
Gunston. I only charged her there with the affair of the lace.
Q. Nothing was mentioned then before the alderman, but about the lace?
Gunston. Yes; I did mention it before the alderman, but he said that was nothing to this.
Q. Had she any gauze of her own?
Gunston. She had a little parcel she bought at Mr. Langstone's; I returned it before the alderman, and what she bought of me.
Prisoner. Mr. Gunston wanted to keep it all from me, but the alderman obliged him to give it me back, for that part is my property.
Court to Holyer. After that woman had been in the shop, did you shew any of the glossy gauze, or any thing in that paper to any other customer?
Holyer. No; the paper was not opened from the time she was in the shop till it was opened in Mr. Green's compting-house.
Court to Addington. Was you in the shop?
Addington. Yes; from the whole time the prisoner was at our house till I went to Mr. Green's, and I am certain it was never opened from the time it was shewn her till I carried it to Mr. Green's.
Q. How long was it after you went from your shop to Mr. Green's before you came back?
Addington. Not a minute; I ran there and back directly, and it is very near.
Prisoner's Defence.
It is my own property; they took it from me: Mr. Gunston has a particular spite towards me, and I believe there are people in court that he should say to, that if it was possible he would have my life. I have witnesses to prove that, one is a servant maid; her mistress was uneasy about me; she was surprised, as all the world must about a woman of my reputation: I might have been trusted with thousands. In regard to this woman, she is only a servant maid, that has lived with a lady I have worked for many years; she was frightened with the news, and sent her servant to Mr. Gunston's to buy pins, and know the truth of it, and he was pleased to say desperate things of what he would do to me: Mr. Sumpter has heard something of it.
Counsel for the Prisoner. I do not think that is very material; we had better rely upon her good character.
Court. As the woman has stated this to the jury, you should either retract it or endeavour to prove it.
Counsel for the Prisoner. Then, my lord, we will ask Mr. Gunston.
Q. to Gunston. Have you declared at any time, that you would hang her if it was in your power?
Gunston. To the best of my knowledge I never said such a thing: I might have said she deserved the full of the law, as being an old offender and well known in the trade.
Q. What did you say about hanging her, cost what it would?
Gunston. I do not know.
Q. Did you say, that if she got off one indictment you would hang her upon the other?
Gunston. No.
Q. Not to that effect?
Gunston. No. I have said, that as being an old offender in the trade, I was afraid if lenity was shewn to her, and that if the affair was only laid for transportation, she would get at large; I said, if it is laid capital, she may get off for transportation; that she may get out of the kingdom. For I cast one in this court once, and she obtained a pardon, and a week after she came to the door and abused me.
For the Prisoner.


                  Henry
                   Parker
               



            . I am a gauze weaver; she has dealt with me four, five, or six years; I have known her so long; I always thought her an honest woman.


                  John
                   Burchall
               



            . I have known her ever since the year sixty-one; she has an extraordinary good character; I know nothing amiss of her.


                  Sarah
                   Burchall
               



            . I have known her 13 or 14 years; I never heard any harm of her before; she is a milliner; she lived in a house of mine as I told you before, and paid her rent very well; I never knew her guilty of any thing; I always looked upon her as a very honest woman; I thought her the most industrious creature I ever knew, I would deal with her again if she was discharged.
Court. Then you are more confirmed in your good opinion of her this afternoon than you was in the morning.
Burchall. It was my intention of saying it then.
Q. What now you have heard her convicted upon a former indictment?
Burchall. No; it was my intention to say it then.


                  Charles
                   Barnard
               



            . I am a laceman in Buckinghamshire; I come to town very frequently; I have dealt with her seven or eight years; I have left lace at her house from 50 to 200 l. value, and never missed any of it; I have sent lace up to her chamber when she has been ill, and I never missed any of it.
- Bowlen. I am a laceman; I have dealt with her for hundreds of pounds; I have left cards of lace with her, and always received them as I left them.


                  John
                   Warten
               



            . I am a laceman, in Butcher-row, Temple bar: I have known her eight years; her general character has been a very honest one for any thing I know. In the year 1767 I missed a card of lace, and she sent it home to me before I got home.


                  Edward
                   Lampter
               



            . I am a broker; I have known her between four and five years; I never heard any thing till this against her character at all.


                  Michael
                   Patterson
               



            . I am in a ribbon wate-house, in partnership with Messrs. Sherwood and Reynolds; she has dealt with us some time, not lately; I never heard any thing but a very honest character of her.


                  Joseph
                   Whitbridge
               



            . I am a silk-mercer: she has dealt with me.
Q. Did you hear any thing against her character?
Whitbridge. I should have given her credit for any thing she wanted.


                  Eleanor
                   Ellway
               



            . I lived with her between two and three years; I never heard any thing of the kind in my life.




               Guilty of stealing the gauze, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
