





536. (M.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      MILSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one knapsack, value 6 d. two linen shirts, value 2 s. a pair of linen trowsers, value 2 d. a cloth coat, value 3 s. and a cloth waistcoat, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Quin
                  




               
            , Aug. 1st
. +


                  Edward
                   Quin
               



            . I live at Chelsea: I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, about a quarter of mile beyond Kensington Gravel Pits


; I was coming from Chelsea; I was going to the Plough at Action Green to leave my clothes there; I fell asleep in a field, and when I waked my things were all gone, and 14 s. I had in my pocket.


                  William
                   Halliburton
               



            . This knapsack ( producing it) I had of the prisoner's brother. One of the grooms of the king's mews came, and informed me a young man was at the Mews who had offered a pair of silver buckles to him; I went and took the prisoner, and searched him, and found a duplicate in his pocket, which led me to a pawnbroker's in Westminster, where I found a shirt pawned; I asked him whose shirt it was; he said it was his own, and that his sister had made it for him; I asked him where his sister lived; he told me in Archer-street by Great Windmill-street; after I had disposed of him I went to his sister, and asked if she had made that shirt for him; she said no; she said there was something she had she should be glad to be rid of, and produced the knapsack; I took the knapsack and her to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's; I then said to him how could you tell me the shirt was your's? how came you by this knapsack? he said he took it from a pensioner that was asleep in the field, and said he would take me to the person he had sold the coat and waistcoat to; he told me this voluntarily, and then he told me there was a shirt and the other things in the knapsack, and that they were sold at a house in Thieving-lane; he went with me and shewed me the house; I went to the pawnbroker's for the shirt, and the shirt is here. He said he could not be convicted, for we should never find the man.
Prosecutor. I had the knapsack sixteen years ago in North America.


                  Sarah
                   Ford
               



            . I bought these clothes of the prisoner; I gave him 5 s. for them.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was walking through Hyde Park I saw the knapsnack lie upon the ground and took it up; the man was not near it.


                  George
                   Worthy
               



            . I am a pawnbroker: the prisoner pawned this shirt with me; I am sure it was the prisoner; I have seen him once or twice before.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
