







340. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Bird
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Hannah
                         Bagshaw
                     



                  , spinster
, about the hour of four in the night of the 18th of February

, and stealing a pair of leather breeches, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James
                            Watson Couldter
                        



                     
                  .
             +


                  James
                   Watson Couldter
               



            . I am servant
 to Mrs. 
               
                  Hannah
                   Bagshaw
               



            , in Parliament-street, next door to the Sun Tavern



. Our house was broke open between the 17th and 18th of February. All was fast over night; and I found the bar of the kitchen window in the area forced up, and the shutter open, and the sash up, when I got up, which was about eight in the morning. The maid got up a little before, and came and called me. We missed a large quantity of plate, to the amount of two or 300 l. worth, which we have not been able to discover since. I missed a pair of leather breeches that hung up in a back room by the kitchen. I did not miss them that morning, they being among other things; but I had had them in my hand the Saturday night before the house was broke. Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's people came to me about a fortnight after, and asked me, if I had not lost a pair of breeches; then I missed them. This chissel I found in the kitchen, which they had left behind them, that morning when I got up. ( Producing a strong iron chissel.)


                  Peter
                   Dawson
               



            . I am a salesman in Monmouth-street. On the 18th of February, 
               
                  Matthew
                   Mathewson
               



            , and I believe, the prisoner, came to my shop. The prisoner said, he had not much money to lay out, but desired I would let him have a pair of breeches; I said, I had none but new ones. I shewed him a pair: he put them on, and pulled these off, and we agreed for 14 s. in exchange; he paid me, and they went away together. (Produced in court.)
Prosecutor. These are my property, which were taken away the time the house was broke; I know them by the straps being too long at the knees, and I had sewed the holes up so as to keep the buckles back, that they might buckle tighter, by which I well know them.
Dawson. Sir John's people came to me two days after with Mathewson, and asked me, if I did not change a pair of breeches. I put down this pair and another, and Mathewson took up these, and said, they were the same. I went with them to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            ; there was the prosecutor; he swore to the breeches.
Q. Can you be certain to the prisoner?
Dawson. It is almost beyond a doubt that he is the man; but I do not positively swear to him.
Q. Did you observe whether he had your new breeches on?
Dawson. I did not think of that.


                  Matthew
                   Mathewson
               



            . On a Sunday morning, I cannot tell the day of the month, the prisoner came to me between seven and eight o'clock, with these breeches on; he said, they were too tight for him. He said, he would be obliged to me if I would go with him to Monmouth-street to change them. I do not know how he came by them. I went with him; he chose a pair of new ones, and changed them with Mr. Dawson. He put them on in the shop.
Q. Where do you live?
Mathewson. I live in Banbury-street, St. Giles's. The prisoner came and called me out of bed one Saturday night, and borrowed a chissel of me, much like this that is here; it was all iron.
Q. Did he ever return it again?
Mathewson. No, he did not.
Q. What business is he of?
Mathewson. I do not know.
Q. Can you recollect how long it is ago?
Mathewson. I have been in gaol about sixteen weeks; I know by that it was the Saturday night that the house was broke.
Q. from prisoner. Whether you did not say before Sir John, you delivered the chissel to 
               
                  James
                   Fanning
               



            .
Mathewson. There was somebody else with the prisoner. I threw it out of the window, and it fell upon the stones.
Q. What trade are you?
Mathewson. I am a book printer.
Q. How came you to be an evidence in this?
Mathewson. I was taken before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             upon another robbery; then I gave an account of these breeches.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been out along with James Fanning, taking a walk; we got into a public house; I asked him if he had a pair of breeches to sell? I bought them of him for 4 s. After that I went to the evidence's room for a neckcloth and a pair of stockings I had left there. The breeches were too tight for me; he went with me to change them. We agreed for 12 s. in exchange, and then we went away.




               Guilty of stealing the breeches
            , 


               T
            .
341. (M.) He was a second time indicted with 
               
                  
                     Christopher
                      Richards
                  



               
            , for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Catherine
                            Chomley
                        



                     
                  , widow
, about the hour of four in the night, on the 5th of March, and stealing a large silver waiter, value 15 l. one other silver waiter, value 4 l. a pair of large silver candlesticks, value 25 l. a silver coffee-pot, value 3 l. a silver pepper caster, value 20 s. four silver salt-sellers, value 4 l. a small silver candlestick, value 40 s. a silver soup-ladle, value 40 s. twelve silver tablespoons, and seven tea-spoons, value 6 l. the property of the said Catherine, in her dwelling house
            . *


                  Ann
                   Jones
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Chomley, in Buckingham-street, York-buildings



. On the 5th of March, I was called up by the watch, about a quarter before five. I found the kitchen window broke open; the bolt of the window-shutter was taken off; a pane of glass was broke, and the sash up. I had fastened the windows and door over night; we missed about 70 l. worth of plate. (Naming them as in the indictment.)


                  John
                   Kenney
               



            . The two prisoners, 
               
                  James
                   Fanning
               



             and I, went out together from Mr. Freebody's, a public house, the Coach and Horses in St. Giles's.
Q. What is become of Fanning?
Kenney. He is gone to sea. We went out a little after eleven at night. We went up and down the Strand, and at last pitched upon this house; I don't know the name of the street; it is within two or three streets of Hungerford-Market. This was on a Sunday night, but it was the Monday morning that the robbery was done. We got in at the area gate; we were disturbed before it was done; I think it was Fanning that broke the window shutter. I ran through a court for fear of the watchman, and had not an opportunity of returning for some time; when I returned it was transacted. It was dark, we could hardly find our way back again. Fanning brought me some of the plate, and handed it over the rails.
Q. Where was Bird at that time?
Kenney. I did not see him; I believe he was in the street. I had been up towards Redfordbury, and did not see him till all the plate was taken. We carried the plate to the Back-lane, beyond Rag-Fair. We went away all one before the other. When we got there, I saw none but Fanning and 
               
                  Peter
                   Graham
               



            . Fanning gave me 5 l. and 1 s. or 18 d. I can't tell which.
Q. What share had the prisoners of the money?
Kenney. They had none, as I know of.
Q. What did Graham give for the plate?
Kenney. He gave 20 l. and 7 s. or 7 s. 6 d. I can't tell which, as Fanning told me. Fanning and I were chiefly together.
Q. What house were you at when Graham bought the plate?
Kenney. Fanning told me it was Bird's lodging.
Q. When Graham was sent for, how did you get in at Bird's lodging?
Kenney. An old woman let us in; Fanning went in directly; Bird was not come home.
Q. Who went first down into the area?
Kenney. I do not know; I did not go down at all.
Q. Was the window broke before you ran away or after?
Kenney. I do not know whether it was before or after.
Note. This evidence contradicted almost all he had swore before the justice.


                  James
                   Galaway
               



            . I am a constable. Kenney was taken up concerning Major 
               
                  Yorke
               


            's plate; he told us where to find Richards. He charged Richards and Bird with breaking Mrs. Chomley's house, and carrying and selling the plate.

The prisoners in their defence said, they knew nothing of the matter.
Both 

               Acquitted
            .
See 
               
                  Kenney
               


             an evidence against Dunn, Miller, Crookhall, and Graham, No. 221, 222, 223, 224, in last Session Paper.
