





130. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      GRIFFITHS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver shoe buckles set with paste, value 40 s. one pair of paste earrings, value 10 s. two pair of paste cluster earrings, value 40 s. two pair of stone ear-rings set in silver, value 20 s. one pair of black ear-rings, value 3 s. one gold wire, value 9 s. two silver pins set with paste, value 8 s. one silver stay hook, value 3 s. one paste breast buckle, value 14 s. one gold ring set with paste, value 21 s. one gold ring with hair set therein, value 20 s. one paste hoop ring, value 16 s. one gold ring enamelled set with six diamond sparks, value 30 s. and a gold ring with a stone set therein, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James
                            Matravers
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            , Nov. 1
. ++


                  James
                   Matravers
               



             . I live in Vere-street, Clare-market


. On Sunday the 1st of November, about two in the morning, myself and family were alarmed by fire; upon which I jumped up in the bed, and my chamber window looked direct to the house where the fire broke out, in Stanhope-street; the back part of the house looked to mine; I apprehended from the situation, my house was in imminent danger, and would soon be in flames. My wife being near the time of her delivery, I apprehended the consequence would be fatal to her, therefore I made her the principal object of my concern, more indeed than my property, and a young child, and a maid servant that went into fits; therefore I made my wife, child, and maid, the object of my whole concern; I took care to have them removed out of the house; I went to my bureau; I locked up what was necessary; I took my shop books, and that bureau, and wife and child, and went to the house of a neighbour. I afterwards received intelligence from the prisoner, that great part of my goods had been carried to his house; they were all brought back except the things mentioned in the indictment. I was so taken up in attending my wife that I did not return to my house till eight o'clock; before I returned to my own house, I went into a neighbour's shop, and there I saw Mr. Griffiths; though I had known him by sight some years, I never had spoke to him before. Mr. Griffiths told me he had been in my house several hours that morning, and had assisted in the preservation of my effects; I had not the least suspicion but what he spoke the truth; I thanked him therefore for his kindness. I went home; I found the key in the middle drawer, out of which these things were taken; I opened the drawer and found the contents were gone. The drawers stood upon a table in my bed chamber, in the two pair of stairs back room; all the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) were taken away. Some time after this Mr. Shalmadine came to my house, and shewed me a gold cluster ring, and a pair of cluster ear-rings; my wife and I told him they were part of what we had lost at the fire; Mr. Shalmadine declined telling me then from whom he had them, but he came again in the evening, and told me he had them from Mr. Miller; we went there, and Mr. Miller said he bought them of Mr. Griffiths, and a clump stone ear-ring, and a hair pin, which he had made a present of to Mr. Sharpe, who was with him. I got a warrant, and had the prisoner taken before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            . On his cross examination he said he did not think himself a competent judge of the identity of the trinkets, but he had no doubt of their being his property, as his wife had wore them commonly ever since their marriage.
Mrs. Matravers. I am wife to the prosecutor. I used to keep all my rings and buckles in that drawer; there were in it all the articles mentioned in the indictment (repeating them ); I saw them all on the Thursday evening proceeding the fire, which happened on the Sunday morning, as I then put into the drawer some part of them which I had wore that day. I am positive that these ear-rings are my property; one of the locks is loose; I know the rings by their fitting my finger. On her cross examination she said she was perfectly satisfied that they were her property.


                  James
                   Bilbin
               



            . I am a brewer, and live in Vere-street: I was just got to bed when I heard the alarm of fire; as I saw I was not in immediate danger, I went out to assist my neighbours; I went to Mr. Matravers's; they were carrying out leather; I went up stairs into the first, second, and third floor; there was no one there; I came down stairs, and then the prisoner came in; I told him there was no one up stairs, and the back of the house would soon be on fire; Mr. Griffiths went up with me; as other people were coming in, I desired a person I knew to stand at the bottom of the stairs, and let nobody come up; then the prisoner and I went up stairs together; in the back two pair of stairs room there stood a dressing glass or toilet with three drawers in it; the middle drawer had a key in it; he opened all the drawers, and he put his hand into the middle drawer and took something out, which he put in his pocket; I had not the least suspicion of his intending any thing dishonest. I went up with him to the third story; there stood a chest of drawers; they were all locked; he endeavoured to open them but could not; then he looked about the room for a poker or something to break them open; I said don't break any thing open, but let us remove any thing we can down stairs; another man came up, and we got them down stairs. I went over to Mr. Matravers about eleven or twelve o'clock, to enquire after the family; the maid told me her mistress was uneasy about some things that were lost out of a toilet in her master's bed room; I told her they were very safe, for I saw Mr. Griffiths take them.
Court. You must not mention what passed between you and the maid; that is not consistent with the rules of evidence.
Bilbin. I saw Mr. Matravers afterwards, I told him the same. On his cross examination, he said he did not see what the prisoner took out of the drawer, but he saw him more than twice put his hand into the drawer, bring it out closed and put it into his pocket.


                  John
                   Shalmadine
               



            . I am a butcher in Vere-street, Clare-market: Mr. Miller sent to me the gold cluster ring and the ear-rings; Mr. Miller told me from whom he had them; that he had them of Griffiths; upon this I suspected they came from the fire. I carried the earrings to the house of Mr. Matravers, and desired him to look at them; he did, and as soon as he saw them, he declared them to be his, but said he, I shall be better satisfied if my wife recollects them; they were carried up to her, and as soon as they were shewn her; she looked at them, and declared positively they were her's.


                  Andrew
                   Miller
               



            . I live in Prince's-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields. On the 16th of December I bought one ring and some ear-rings for five pounds eight shillings; I delivered them to Shalmadine; I bought them of the prisoner; (the things produced). I think they are the things; I am positive what I delivered to Shalmadine were such things and that I bought them of the prisoner.
Mr. 
               
                  William
                   Sharp
               



            . Being in a coach with Miller and Griffiths, some time in November, Mr. Griffiths produced a box containing the ear-rings now in question, and likewise a hair pin, and a stone ear-ring; the hair pin and stone ear-ring were given to me as a present; the other things were sold to Mr. Miller, and they were given me by the prisoner.
The hair pin and stone ear-ring shewn to Mr. Matravers.
Mr. Matravers. I think they are mine.
Mrs. Matravers. They answer in every point of description to the things I have lost, and I believe them to be mine.
Prisoner's Defence.
I will make it appear to your lordship how I came by them, how I bought them, and what I gave for them: one Mr. Morris came to me about the 13th of November, and he told me he wanted a suit of clothes; he said he knew me very well, but I did not know him, and that he would pay me ready money for the clothes; that he was going down to Worcester; while measuring him, he said I shall pay you ready money, and I have a few things I make no use of, I will shew them to you; he pulled them out of his pocket and put them upon the table; I looked at them; I told him I was no judge at all; he said they were of no use to him; I said I would send and have them valued, and if he thought proper I would give him what they were worth. I sent my son to Ludgate-hill, and he brought me word back eighteen or nineteen shillings. When the man came for the clothes I deducted that money, and he paid me the remainder, tied up his clothes, took them under his arm, and said he was going to Worcester.
For the Prisoner.


                  Roger
                   Gaskill
               



            . I have been a foreman and a servant to the prisoner the principal part of ten years.
Q. Do you remember in November last one Morris coming to Griffiths's house, and having a suit of clothes?
Gaskill. I remember about the middle of November I was at work for Mr. Griffiths; he told me there was a suit of clothes to be made for a gentleman; I cannot recollect the name; they were to be done in a hurry; we got another man to come and assist us; soon after the gentleman called for the clothes; Mr. Griffiths rung the bell, and ordered me to bring the clothes down stairs; I brought them down stairs into the parlour and tried them on. I never saw the gentleman before in my life; I put the clothes on; he liked them very well; he said you have made out my bill; Mr. Griffiths said he had got his son, or Tommy, to write it out; he put his hand in his pocket, took out a canvas bag, and gave me six-pence; I asked for a handkerchief to tie the clothes up in it; he took his leave and I went up stairs, and said, I thank God the clothes fit, and I believe he will be paid for them.
Q. What colour were they?
Gaskill. Dark coloured with a cloth collar.


                  James
                   Gilpin
               



            .
Q. Do you know Mr. Griffiths?
Gilpin. Yes.
Q. Do you remember any person coming to him and buying a suit of clothes?
Gilpin. About the beginning of November I met Mr. Griffiths in Cheapside; he bid me call for a pair of breeches to clean: I am a leather breeches maker; I had a pair of breeches to carry to a customer; he was not in a hurry; I went there; I have them at home. As he was going to look for them, somebody knocked at the door; a man came in and said, are my clothes done? he said yes, Mr. Morris, they are; he rung the bell and called to the man to bring the clothes down.
Q. Who brought them down?
Gilpin. A journeyman. He put them on, and said they fitted extremely well; he then enquired about his bill; he put his hand in his pocket and pulled out a bit of a bag, and gave the man something to drink his health; what it was I cannot say. As soon as he had done that, he goes out to his bureau, and said, Mr. Morris, here are the things you left with me; he said well, Mr. Griffiths, have you had them valued? Mr. Griffiths answered, yes, Sir, I sent my son to have them valued, and they are valued at nineteen or twenty shillings, I cannot say which.
Q. Did you see the things?
Gilpin. Yes; there was a ring for a finger and two pair of ear-rings, one with a white stone, the other red and white; the man said I think it is too little for them; Mr. Griffiths said that was what they were valued at, if he chose to take that, he would deduct it out of the bill; he said, well, I am going to Worcester, write me a receipt, and there are five guineas.
Q. What were the clothes to come to?
Gilpin. Six pounds. Griffiths asked him if he would drink a glass of brandy; he fetched the bottle out, and gave me a glass of brandy with him; Griffiths said he would be obliged to him if he would tell him who was so kind to recommended him.
Q. Could you know the things?
Gilpin. That ring I believe was one of the rings; I cannot swear positively, but I remember the man's taking a ring up in his hand and turning it round; it was just such a one.
Q. The ear-rings were they such kind of things as them?
Gilpin. Yes.
Q. Did you see the hair pin?
Gilpin. I cannot say I observed it.
Cross Examination.
Q. Where do you live?
Gilpin. Rose and Crown-court, in Broad-street-buildings, Moorfields.
Q. You are a leather-breeches-maker?
Gilpin. Yes.
Q. What time of the morning was this you called?
Gilpin. About the middle of the day, I believe eleven or twelve o'clock, I cannot particularly say.
Q. Recollect the day of the month.
Gilpin. I cannot positively say; it was the middle of the week, about the middle of November, about the 16th or 17th; if I had thought you would have been so particular I could have looked at my books.
Q. How long had you been in the house before this man knocked at the door?
Gilpin. I suppose about a minute or two.
Q. Where had you been standing?
Gilpin. In the parlour.
Q. Was Mr. Griffiths with you?
Gilpin. Yes.
Q. Was any body sent for the breeches?
Gilpin. He got up to look for them himself?
Q. Has Mr. Griffiths more than one parlour in his house?
Gilpin. Not that I know of, except the back parlour or bed room; I do not know which he calls it.
Q. Was the parlour door shut or open when he let this gentleman in?
Gilpin. It stood upon the jar.
Q. He recollected him immediately; he called him by his name?
Gilpin. He said, yes, Mr. Morris, they are.
Q. You are certain of the name?
Gilpin. Yes.
Q. You recollect it very well?
Gilpin. Yes; but I did not expect to be called upon till yesterday morning.
Q. Nobody applied to you before yesterday morning?
Gilpin. No.
Q. Perhaps you never heard that Mr. Griffiths was in trouble about this?
Gilpin. I read something of a paragraph in the papers, but not thinking it was him.
Q. I suppose you was as much at a loss about this as any man at Rome ?
Gilpin. I was desired to recollect what passed about Mr. Griffiths and a gentleman that came for some clothes.
Q. Was that the first time you had ever mentioned it to any body?
Gilpin. Yes.
Q. How long did this gentleman continue in the parlour?
Gilpin. About half an hour.
Q. What sort of a man was he?
Gilpin. A tall man.
Q. Had he a wig or his own hair?
Gilpin. His own lank hair.
Q. How was he dressed?
Gilpin. Half mourning or dark blueish clothes; I am not very clear about that.
Q. How tall was he?
Gilpin. He might be about as tall as myself; I cannot tell exactly.
Q. What complexion?
Gilpin. Dark complexion.
Q. How long was you in the parlour?
Gilpin. I might be very near half an hour.
Q. You was not in a hurry to get this pair of breeches?
Gilpin. I thought of asking for the breeches all the time: every tradesman knows he must wait for his customer.
Q. When the gentleman went you got the breeches?
Gilpin. Yes.
Q. When did you carry them back again?

Gilpin. I have not carried them back yet; Griffiths said he was not in a particular hurry.
Court. You spoke to a ring and two pair of ear-rings.
Gilpin. Yes.
Q. You remember nothing of a hair pin or stone ear-ring?
Gilpin. No; I do not recollect them.
- Thompson. I am a goldsmith and jeweller: I live on Ludgate hill.
Q. Were these things sent to you to value?
Thompson. They were; these are such like things; they are the same make; this pin was not sent to me, the two pair of ear-rings and the ring; I did not give a great deal of attention to them, not having any suspicion I should be called upon about them.
Q. What were they valued at?
Thompson. The first time he came to me I asked Mr. Griffith's son if they belonged to jewellers; he said no; because I said if they were I did not chuse to run down any man's work, but if your father is to buy them of any body I would assist; he might give half a guinea for the ring, and if he gave six shillings for these paste ear-rings it was as much as they were worth; those clasps I told him were good for nothing, that if he gave three shillings he gave more than the value for them.
Q. What may the hair pin be worth?
Thompson. I would not give above two shillings for it.
Q. You do not value the whole at more than twenty shillings?
Thompson. One pound one shilling and sixpence.
Q. When did you value them?
Thompson. I cannot say when; in the evening about six o'clock, Mr. Griffiths's son, Tommy, brought them.
Q. Is there any thing particular in them?
Thompson. There are hundreds of such things made; it is an utter impossibility for a man to swear positive to such things as these.
Cross Examination.
Q. Perhaps you are not clear that these were the things that were brought to you?
Thompson. They are the same sort of things.
Q. Perhaps those were better than these?
Thompson. They were the same quality and make.
Q. I wish you would have a little recollection at what day of the month this happened?
Thompson. I have no recollection of it.
Q. You have no notion about what time it was?
Thompson. I have not.
Q. Had you ever any thing of that sort brought to you to value before?
Thompson. Not from Mr. Griffiths.
Q. You know him very well?
Thompson. I am acquainted with his son, and know him very well: I have been at his house many times.
To the prisoner's character.


                  James
                   Parker
               



            . I am a butcher: I live at the top of Bedford-row, Bedford-street: I have known the prisoner better than ten years; he is a taylor; he has been my taylor a good many years, and I have served him with meat. I always found him an honest dealer; his son has several times come up to my house, perhaps with a letter to borrow ten or twenty pounds, and I have lent it him without any note till I have seen him again.
Q. Was he a man that in your judgement you might think to be capable of such an act as this?
Parker. No.


                  William
                   Bowyer
               



            . I have known him thirteen or fourteen years: he has made clothes for me eleven years; I always found him a very honest just tradesman; I never heard a bad character of him before; I have lent him money several times, and he has always paid me very honestly. I have lent him sometimes fifty pounds, sometimes forty pounds.
- Lake. I am a dealer in china: I live in Duke-street, next door but one to Mr. Griffiths; I have known him six or seven years; he has worked for me.
Q. Does he bear the character of an honest man?
Lake. Yes.
- Bunton. I am a broker and auctioneer: I have known Griffiths about nine years; I have heard him always spoke of with confidence and esteem; I had a sale of jewellery, and Mr. Griffiths was there; I thought him exceedingly safe; I had nigh nine hundred pounds w orth of goods; I left Mr. Griffiths and Mr. Green alone with the goods.



                  James
                   Need
               



            . I have known the prisoner these two or three years.
Q. What are you?
Need. A shop-keeper till within these three or four months: I am now out of business; I have known him three or four years; I always had a good opinion of him; I never heard any harm of him.
Q. His general reputation was that of a fair honest dealing man?
Need. He always proved very honest to me.


                  John
                   Walker
               



            . I am a victualler: I live in Duke-street; I have known him about twenty years.
Q. What has been his general character and reputation since you knew him?
Walker. An honest just man; I know no other of him.


                  Robert
                   Cooper
               



            . I am a shop-keeper: I live in the next street to Mr. Griffiths; I have known him seventeen years; during the time I have been there, I have employed him as a taylor, and he dealt with me; I always found him a fair dealing man.
Q. During the whole seventeen years you have known him his character has been fair and honest?
Cooper. It has.
Court. The jury are well satisfied as to his character I believe, as far as that goes.




               Guilty of stealing to the value of 39 s
            . 


               T
            .
