





14. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RICHARDSON
                  



               
            , indicted for 


               stealing eight half pieces of riband, value forty shillings
            , the property of 
               
Palmer and Co.







                  JAMES
                   PALMER
               



            . I am a haberdasher in Cornhill


. On Friday the 24th of November
 one of my servants brought in the prisoner to the shop, charged with taking some pieces of riband from the counter. He made no scruple in confessing; but took out of his pocket what we have here: some of them I can swear to, and some I cannot. (Eight pieces produced, and deposed to by the witness.) The prisoner hoped I would forgive him when he took them out of his pocket.
Cross Examination.
Where have they been since? - In the hands of the constable; there is a particular mark in the block of the ribands.
When you sell ribands do you keep the block? - No.
May you not have sold riband of this value, and with this very mark? - Most certainly.
If that was brought into your shop, should you know it? - We should know the mark, if we did not know the riband.


                  SAMUEL
                   HOWE
               



            . On Friday the 24th November, about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came into the shop, and asked for some riband, to about the amount of eighteen pence. Instead of paying for those he had bought, he wanted the young man to shew him some others; I looked at him, and perceived his countenance alter. He ran out of the shop towards Gracechurch-street: I followed him. He took two or three pieces of riband, and threw them in the street. I passed them and overtook him; he readily came back with me to Cogan and Palmer's. (The witness was desired to look at the ribands, who said they were his master's property.)
Cross Examination.
Which are the two pieces you can swear to? - I do not put the mark on any of them; but from my knowledge of the writing and the riband I think they are the same. One 
               
                  Edward
                   Stroud
               



             puts the mark on the ribands.
Does not your master deal very largely in ribands? - Yes.

Does he not sell many of the same mark? - Yes: but I saw the prisoner take those ribands out of his pocket; they were put up in paper, and never out of my sight till they were sealed up in Guildhall, and have continued so ever since.


                  THOMAS
                   LLOYD
               



            . The prisoner came into our shop about the 24th of November, and enquired for divers sorts of ribands; said he would have some four-penny, I measured him that: he enquired for some coloured riband, I gave him a yard of that: he likewise enquired for some plain. I saw, as I turned about, that he was putting some ribands in his pocket under his coat.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I put no ribands at all under my coat.



               GUILTY
            . 


               T
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
