





384. (M.) 
               
                  
                     EDWARD
                      BUTLER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a basket butter flat, value 2 s. three linen cloths, value 1 s. one dozen of cod fish, value 5 s. ten lobsters, value 5 s. twenty lemons, value 1 s. and 8 oz. of elicampane, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Stamp
                  




               
            , April 6
. ~


                  Edward
                   Stamp
               



            . I am the Buckingham coachman
; on the 6th of April I received a flat or basket from 
               
                  James
                   Kins
               



            , which was delivered to me at the Bell and Crown, Holborn


, after three in the morning, to go by the coach to Buckingham; I put it in the basket behind the coach; I missed it at Buckingham.


                  Henry
                   Mills
               



            . I delivered the basket to Mr. Stamp, containing the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them).


                  Thomas
                   Lyon
               



            . I am a constable: on the 6th of April, between four and five in the morning, I met the prisoner in Little Queen-street, near Lincoln's-inn-fields; he had a basket with him; as he did not go into any market I thought it dishonestly come by; I asked him what it was; at last he said smuggled goods; upon which I secured him, and carried him before Justice Welch; he said there a man had delivered it to him under a pretence of its being smuggled goods; the basket was opened; there were all the things in the basket mentioned in the indictment.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of it.
He called one witness who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
