





753. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William
                      Jones
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Jaques
                         Coulson
                     



                  , on the 27th of September
, about the hours of three in the night, and stealing eleven silver desart spoons, value 40 s. two silver tea spoons, value 3 s. three linen napkins, value 4 s. two linen towels, value 2 s. two pictures, in black frames, with tortoiseshell backs, value 10 s. one rasor, value 18 s. one leathern rasor case, value 4 s. one silver antigugler, value 12 s. one pair of leathern boots, value 6 s. one pair of leathern shoes, value 1 s. and one laced cloth coat, value 5 s. the property of Jaques Coulson; one silk gown, value 5 s. one linen shift, value 3 s. and one plain sattin cloak, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah
                            Coulson
                        



                     
                  , spinster


; one cotton gown, value 5 s. and one flowered sattin cloak, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann
                            Dodson
                        



                     
                  , spinster; and one linen gown, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth
                            Dodson
                        



                     
                  , spinster, in the dwelling house of the said Jaques Coulson
            . *
Valentine Townsend. I keep a public house at Westburn-green, near Mr. Coulson's; his house was broke open on the 27th of September, at night; at about nine o'clock that night the prisoner at the bar came into my house; Mr. Coulson's gardener came in to him a little after; he was a little while in company with him; he went away at nine o'clock, and the prisoner stayed an hour and an half; he was footman to Mr. Coulson, and he had been discharged about a fortnight.


                  Susannah
                   Dodson
               



            . I was servant to Mr. Coulson at the time of this robbery: the prisoner at the bar lived there a month, as a footman
; he had been discharged a fortnight before the robbery; the night before the robbery I saw the doors and windows were fast, particularly the parlour door that opens into the garden; it is a sash door; it was locked; there is a shutter to it, and a bar that fastens the shutter; it is fastened in the middle, and falls into a staple. I got up between seven and eight in the morning, and went into the parlour, and there I found the door open; the bar was hanging down, and the bell was in a chair near it; the shutter was open; though the key was in the lock in the inside of the door, yet the door was unlocked, and their was no signs of violence on it,


                  Elizabeth
                   Handscomb
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Coulson; I fastened all the doors and windows the night before the house was broke open; the other young woman was with me; she hung the bells at the time the windows was shut; the bar was across, or else the bell could not be put in it; the bar is heaviest on the side that falls down, that keeps it fast; finding the door open, I went to see if the spoons were in the case, and they were missing; there were eleven large spoons, two tea-spoons, and an antigugler; the spoons were in the house the night before I saw my mistress working on a silk gown in the afternoon, that was missing; it was for my mistress's niece; I saw no marks of violence on the door; I suppose it must be opened by somebody on the inside; it could not be opened on the outside.


                  Dorothy
                   Dodson
               



            . I am the housekeeper; there were eleven spoons and two tea-spoons missing; I did not see them the day before. (The goods produced and deposed to by the different owners.)


                  Richard
                   Burnham
               



            . I work at a farm house, near Mr. Coulson's; on Saturday morning, about six o'clock, I was in the fields, behind Mr. Coulson's house, and saw the prisoner walking along a path-way, in the field; he had a parcel, and there was a gown lying on the top, like this gown that has been produced; I thought he had lost his way; I asked him if he had; he said no, he knew where he was very well; he went away, and I went about my business. I never heard of the robbery till the next morning, and then I went and acquainted the family of it, and described the man, that evening he was taken up, at Valentine Townshends. There is a field behind the house, and then a lane, and then another field, where I found this man. The door of the parlour does not open in the garden where the field is, but into another that comes round the house to Westbury green; there is nothing parts the Green but pales of a yard high; from thence a person may go along this path.


                  John
                   Clark
               



            . I am a constable. On the first of October Mr. Coulson and his nephew brought the prisoner and the gardener to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's; I searched the prisoner and found a little hook, it is like the hook on which the pictures hung, and two keys, one, the key of a box a hundred miles off, and the other of a box in Thames street: among other acquaintance he had one Mr. Spekman, in Leicester Fields; I went there and found all these things in a box, at Mr. Spekman's; all these things were found in that box; there was a great coat found at Mr. Spekman's, that was in the house the night before the robbery was committed.
- Speckman I have known the prisoner some years, he lodged with me about a fortnight before he went to Mr. Coulson's. On the 30th of September search was made at my house for some goods the prisoner had left there; he was at my house, on Saturday in the forenoon, and left a box, before he went to live with Mr. Coulson, and desired me to take care of it; on Saturday the 28th he came about ten or eleven o'clock, and brought a small bundle in his hand, it was big enough to contain all the plate; I did not see what was in the bundle. I gave him the key of the room; he went up and stayed a little, and then came down; he had no bundle when he came down. I was present when the box was opened, and the things that have been produced were all found in the prisoner's box.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the things in the field, near the garden, about six o'clock; I thought they were the gardeners, because he was going away; he had desired me to enquire after a place for him; accordingly I removed them from there in order to have a little fun with the gardener; I put them into the field over the gate; when he came he said nothing to me about them, and I said nothing to him, but I told him I had heard of a place, and he appointed to meet me at St. James's in the afternoon, and the gardener not coming I took them to my lodgings; I have no witnesses; I never sent to any body.




               Guilty of stealing only
            , 


               T
            .
