







262, 263, 264. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      RICE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     PETER
                      PERRIER
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      GROSS
                  



               
            , spinster, were indicted; the two first for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Baugh
                        



                     
                   on the 1st of March

, about the hour of eight in the night, and stealing a blanket, value 4 s. two linen sheets, value 8 s. two bed quilts, value 10 s. two check aprons, value 2 s. and a pocket handkerchief, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        William
                         Picking
                     



                  , in the same dwelling house
            , and 
               
                  Sarah
                   Gross
               



             for 


               receiving one linen sheet, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                     William
                      Picking
                  



               
            . I lodge at Mr. Baugh's on Bethnall-green



; I occupied the lower apartment; I came home from my work at eight o'clock in the evening, and found my apartment broke open I left it locked a little after dinner when I went to work; when I went out to my afternoon's work I left my wife in the house; she came to me at six to my master's, we spent some time together and returned home a little after eight; when we went out we had fastened the sash down with a gimblet; my wife is ill at home at present and cannot attend; when I left it it was so fastened; when I came home at night the middle square of the sash window was broke, the gimblet taken out, and the sash thrown open; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment. (Repeating them).


                  Bet
                   Martin
               



            . I live at Hoxton; I went to see Mrs. Picking the prosecutor's wife on the 1st of March; I did not come there till seven in the evening; I knocked at the door of her apartment, there was nobody within, nobody answered; then I went round to the window in order to look through to see if there was any light; there is only one window to the apartment, a sash that looks into the street; the window at that time was fastened down, and the glass whole; I saw nobody in the house; it was very dark.


                  Thomas
                   Mainwaring
               



            . I am headborough of Hackney; I found two quilts at 
               
                  Charles
                   Johnson
               



            's in Spitalfields, where the prisoner Rice had a room; I found the door locked; I broke it open and found these quilts. (They are produced and deposed to by Picking.)


                  Philip
                   Gosset
               



            . I am a weaver; I attend Justice Wilmot's office; I apprehended Gross; she confessed that several things were pawned at several pawnbrokers by her; and that she received them on the 1st of March of the two other prisoners and Stevens who is the accomplice. I found a sheet at one Mackaboy's, a pawnbroker's at Shoreditch; a blanket at another's; and two aprons at a third: she went with me to these pawnbrokers, and confessed that she had pawned the things that were taken out by her and by me. When Rice was taken up there was a bunch of about thirty keys found in his pocket.


                  Ann
                   Rice
               



            . I was at Johnson's the night of the robbery; Rice came in and laid down the two quits and a pillow, which is not in the indictment. (The quilts produced and deposed to by the prosecutor).


                  John
                   Lucas
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Mackaboy in Shoreditch; 
               
                  Sarah
                   Gross
               



             pawned this sheet (producing it) at our house, in the name of Fisher, on the first of March.
Picking. This was taken off my bed at the time that I was robbed.


                  James
                   Stevens
               



            . About half past seven o'clock on Tuesday night, the day before the last execution, we were going along in Dyal-street, I and Rice and Perrier; Rice pushed his hat which covered his hand through a pane of glass at Picking's window without cutting his hand, and took out the gimblet which fastened the sash down, and threw up the sash, then he put me in at the window; by his directions I took the bed clothes off the bed and gave them out of window, some to Rice and some to Perrier: they carried them into Shoreditch; I was not there when they were pawned; they delivered them to these people to get pawned; they cheated me out of part of the money; I had but eight pence for my share; I cannot say who pawned them of my own knowledge.
Court. As there is no evidence against Perrier but that of the accomplice, I shall not call upon him for his defence.
Gross's Defence.
I had them from the accomplice, not Rice.
Rice's Defence.
Another man picked them up; I carried them home for him.
RICE 

               guilty
            . 


               Death
            .
PERRIER, 

               acquitted
            .
GROSS, guilty. 


               T. 14 Years
            .
