





489. (M.) 
               
                  
                     EDWARD
                      STARLING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a bank note, value 40 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Crofts
                        




                     
                  , the said note being due and unsatisfied
            , Feb. 27th
. *
Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Crofts
               



            . I live in Great Queen-street


; I had in my pocket-book on the 27th of February three bank notes; I took out a 10 l. note, and sent it by the post into the country; I put the book with the two notes in it, one of which was for 40 l. into a bureau in my parlour the bureau was not locked; on the 3 d. of March I wanted some money, and I missed the 40 l. note: the prisoner was my servant
; I called him up and my other servants, and asked them if they had found any note; they all denied any knowledge of it; I took the note of Mr. Plumpton, a mercer in Fleet-street on the 19th of March; I went to Mr. Plumpton's to get the marks of the note; the prisoner went with me.
(The note produced by one of the clerks in the bank.)
Mr. Crofts. I believe this is the note because my note was payable to Dean and Co. I cannot tell the date or number, but the indorsment on the back of it 
               
                  John
                   Gennings
               



             I know to be the hand writing of the prisoner.
Cross Examination.
Q. Whether you did not say you might have lost this note at Blackheath or upon the road?
Crofts. I am sure it is not true, and therefore I do not think I said so; I heard the prisoner say at Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's that he found the note in my garden at Blackheath.


                  Samuel
                   Fado
               



            . I paid this note at the Bank on the 20th of March; I cannot remember who I paid it to; but the person I paid it to, whoever he was, wrote 
               
                  John
                   Gennings
               



             upon it.


                  James
                   Silverthorn
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. Crofts; the prisoner often talked to me about this note after it was missing; he asked me what I thought would be done to the person that found it, and he asked me what I would do if I had got the note; when I had been out with my master the prisoner has several times asked me upon my return whether my master had been to Mr. Plumpton's to get the number of the note, had been to the Bank to stop the payment of the note; after this note was lost, he paid me 15 s. she owed me; and he paid some of the other servants trifles; and I also saw four or five guineas in his hand; this raised a suspicion of him; he was taken before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , there he said he found the note in the garden at Blackheath; he told the marks of the note, and said he had changed it at the Bank the Saturday before; this was the Tuesday.
Q. from the Prisoner. Whether I did not say that I found it on the outside of the garden.
Silverthorn. At first he said on the inside of the garden, afterwards he said otherwise.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not steal the note.
He called three witnesses who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
