






103. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      MURPHEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Dame


                           Catherine
                            Cook
                        



                     
                  , on the 31st of August

, about the hour of two in the night, and stealing one silver milk pot, value 18 s. one silver table spoon, value 2 s. one pair of silver tea tongs, value 5 s. two damask table cloths, value 4 s. one damask napkin, one towel, value 1 s. and other damask table cloths, value 2 s. the property of the said Dame 
                     
                        Catherine
                         Cooke
                     



                  ; and one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 10 s. one pair of plaited spurs, value 2 s. one horse, whip, val. 1 s. five linen shirts, value 15 s. three muslin neckcloths, value 5 s. one black leather pocket-book, value 1 s. one silver-laced hat, value 5 s. one silk handkerchief, value 6 d. and one pair of thread stockings, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Curtis
                        



                     
                  ; and one silver-laced hat, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Simon
                            Andrews
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Dame 
                     
                        Catherine
                         Cook
                     



. *



               Acquitted
            .
He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing one pair of leather boots, value 8 s. one silk waistcoat with gold flowers, value 10 s. and two linen shirts, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Timothy
                      Manning
                  



               
            , June 30

. *
The prosecutor deals in old cloaths
, and lodged at the house of the prisoner's father-in-law, with whom the prisoner lodged also. He missed sixteen pounds worth of cloaths, among which were the things mentioned in the indictment. He found the things mentioned in the indictment at a pawnbroker's, pawned in the name of the prisoner, which were produced and deposed to by the prosecutor. The pawn broker and two of his servants deposed, that the things in the indictment were pawned in the name of the prisoner, but whether by him or his brother they could not be certain, as they were very much alike in person, and both used the shop.
The prisoner, in his defence, denied the charge, and called his father-in-law, who said, the prosecutor lived with a common woman of the town.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
