





363. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann
                      Turvell
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five guineas, two gold rings, value 20 s. two cotton gowns, value 20 s. two pair of stays, and one scarlet cloak
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Carver
                  




               
            , April 14
. +


                  Thomas
                   Carver
               



            . The prisoner lived with me as a nurse
; on Saturday, the 13th of April, I had eighteen guineas in my pocket in gold, and six shillings in silver; they were in a little canvas bag in my breeches pocket; it was almost eleven o'clock when I got home; the prisoner was in the other room; there was nobody in the house, besides her, myself, and a little girl; about one o'clock I saw the prisoner in my room; I asked her what business she had there at that time of night; she said she was looking for a pair of stockings; I told her to go to bed; I kept awake till she put the candle out. In the morning, about four o'clock, two of my fellow servants called me up; I went to the door to speak to them; when I came back I saw my breeches pulled from under my head; my little girl was in my bed; I charged the prisoner with it; there was my wife's cloathes under her bed's head, on a little table; I had not seen them before for three months; I seldom went to the box; I found the box locked; I had the key, and my cloathes were in it; the stays were under the foot of the bed where I lay. I went into the yard, there was the bag, and six guineas and three shillings. I asked her if she knew any thing of that; she said she did not; she wanted the keys of my drawer; I opened the drawers and box, where my wife's rings were; they were not in it. I took hold of her hand, and she had the gold rings, and had put two brass ones in the box. She had pawned all my wife's apparel. ( the rings produced.) I found no money upon her.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never wronged him of any thing in my life. I have not any witnesses here.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
