






19, 20. (L.) 
               
                  
                     ELIAS
                      CHERRY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      SMITH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a woollen hammer cloth lined with ticken
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Watkin
                      Lewes
                  




               
            , Esq
; +


                  Simon
                   Young
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. Sheriff Lewes: I left the carriage at the door of the London tavern, whilst I went to a public house over the way to drink; when I came back I missed the hammer cloth.


                  Stephen
                   Stratford
               



            . I went with Young to the public house; I saw Cherry in the tap room; we went into a back room to drink; when we returned Cherry was gone and the hammer cloth was missing.


                  Joseph
                   Barber
               



            . Cherry came to me on the 4th of November, and said, 
               
                  Jack
                   Smith
               



             has got a hammer cloth, can you sell it for him? I asked him how he came by it; he said Smith told him he got it in the Strand; I went along with him to Smith, in Pump-court, Devonshire-square; Smith first looked out of the window, and then came down with this hammer cloth, which he said belonged to him; he asked 25 s. for it; I told them if they would let me have it I would sell it for them; they agreed to it; instead of selling it I went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, and brought one of his people with me, and we apprehended the prisoners.
Cherry, in his defence, said, he knew nothing of the taking the hammer cloth; that Smith told him he found it.
Smith, in his defence, said, that Cherry was with him when he found the hammer cloth.
Cherry called six witnesses, and Smith one, who gave them good characters.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
