





605. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Haws
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 1 glue pot, value 1 s. 2 iron hammers, value 1 s. 1 pair of iron pincers, value 4 d. 1 pair of iron compasses, value 2 d. 1 iron draw bore, value 2 s. 1 iron chissel, value 3 d. 1 plow iron, value 3 d. 1 iron spoon bit, value 2 d. 1 lock saw, value 2 d. 1 wooden mallet, value 2 d. 1 mahogany square, value 1 d. and one wooden gauge, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel
                      Jones
                  




               
            , August 2
. ~


                  Daniel
                   Jones
               



            . I am a carpenter
 in Bear-street; I had been at work in Seamore-street


, on the second of August I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; they were in the house of Mr. Adams; I had been employed there; when I left work the second of August, the door was secured; they were left in a room up stairs; there was something that secured the door on the inside; I cannot give an account who took them; when the room was examined the door had been broke; and the things lost.
- Scurrier. I am a watchman; seven or eight weeks ago I met the prisoner in Portland street, near Seamore-street; he had a bundle under his coat; I thought he was not an honest man; I hid myself under the lamp; I went up to the prisoner and asked what he had got, he said, nothing; I felt on the side of his coat, and he dropt the glue pot and a hammer; I struck him with the staff, and he got the staff from me and struck me with it; I got it from him and struck him again; then he fell, and I took him; then he scattered the tools about; (the tools produced and deposed to by the prosecutor) after the tools were taken up, we went to the house in Seamore-street, and the door was open; at ten o'clock I tried it with my staff, and it was safe; the prisoner at the watch house told me he had been in the house two or three hours; but did not know how he came there.
Prisoner's Defence.
There is a fault in the indictment, the indictment says the second of August, that cannot be; I was in custody on the 23d of July preceding, that shows it was commited before the second of August; on the 20th of July I was obliged to leave a jobb in the city, not being free; prior to that I had been ill and reduced; I could not work without tools; I undertook a jobb in the city, where they find tools, but I could not stay there long; I met with a friend that said he would lend me some tools; I was intoxicated, and went into that building with him; he brought these tools, and said that he would bring more; that they were his own property; on this foundation I took them.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
