







269. (Ist M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Smith
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Boston
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Harriot
                   Bateman
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing one green purse, value 1 d. and four guineas and one half guinea in money, numbered
            ; the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Wilkes
                  




               
            , April 6
. *


                  Thomas
                   Wilkes
               



            . I came into town by the Gloucester stage on Saturday between five and six o'clock. I went to Cecil street coffee-house. Coming back between eleven and twelve, I saw the three prisoners and another girl in company, standing at the top of the Strand


. They complained that they were almost starved, and begged I would give them a glass of something to drink; as they begged so hard, I went with them into a house of ill same in Butcher Row. We had one half crown bowl of punch, a pot of porter, and some negus. The girls kissed me, they desired I would stay all night with them; I told them they were welcome to the liquor, but I would have nothing more to do with them. This young man, 
               
                  Charles
                   Fowler
               



            , was with me; Bateman and Boston immediately seized me; one laid hold of me round the neck, the other held my arm; I found my money gone whilst they had hold of me. I said I was robbed of almost five pounds; the girl that is gone was the girl that first left me; the prisoners held me from pursuing her.
Q. How long was it before you perceived they had picked your pocket?
Wilkes. Not five minutes; I perceived it as she was going away: and as soon as I could get out of the hands of Boston and Bateman, that held me, I followed her: she was got out of doors.
Q. What did 
               
                  Mary
                   Smith
               



             do?
Wilkes. She stood by; she had not hold of me at all. We set by the fire place; there was no fire, and there was only two chairs in the room: they seized me as I set in the chair.
Q. So then only you and your friend sat down?
Wilkes. No; only us. I could not overtake the girl, so I went back to the three prisoners; they wanted to go. I sent for the watch; soon after the watch came; and the waiter said to the prisoners, Let the girl be produced, that the man may have his money.
Q. Did you get your money?
Wilkes. No; the girl was not produced.
Q. How much money had you in your pocket?
Wilkes. Four guineas and a half in gold; I found one of their hands in my pocket.
Q. At the time that they held you, what di d they that held you say?

Wilkes. They said, certainly your pocket is not pick'd; feel and see. When I had got loose, I pursued the other girl.
Q. Why did you think the other girl had your money?
Wilkes. Because she was not produced.
Q. Why did you think the others were privy to it?
Wilkes. Because they held me, and would not let me go to pursue her.
Q. Did 
               
                  Mary
                   Smith
               



             do any thing to you when you told them your pocket was pick'd?
Wilkes. No; only said she did not think I had lost any money.


                  Charles
                   Fowler
               



            . I saw the two girls hold the prosecutor; they would not let him go: when the other went away, they had hold of him fast.
Q. Can you tell whether she felt in his pocket?
Fowler. No.
Q. How long was she gone before they let him go?
Fowler. About two minutes; he got away by main strength.
Q. He said he had lost his money?
Fowler. Yes; he said he had lost five pounds.
Q. You do not know how much he lost?
Fowler. No.
Boston's Defence.
This gentleman was coming along on Saturday night, and he asked us how we did; what house we went to: we told him the Ship and Crown tavern. He called for two shillings worth of liquor; this girl followed us in. We asked what business she had there; she said he spoke to her first. He seemed to like her best; she set by him, and all of a sudden she went out: then he laid hold of us, and said he was robbed.
Bateman's Defence.
We were standing facing the Ship and Crown door; he asked us to drink, so we went in, and the girl followed us; the gentleman set along with the girl; he seemed to like her best. She sat at the right hand of him, and she got up and said, Good night: then he said he had lost his money; we desired to be searched as far as was decent.
Q. to Fowler. Did that girl belong to these?
Fowler. Yes; they were all in company together.
For Boston.


                  Ann
                   Johnson
               



            . I live in the house with 
               
                  Mary
                   Boston
               



             in Fetter Lane.
Q. How long have you known her?
Johnson. A twelvemonth.
Q. What character has she?
Johnson. I thought her a clever girl in work.
Q. What work?
Johnson. Needle work: I never knew any thing bad of her.


                  Ann
                   Kenny
               



            . She has lived a year and a half in my house. She has always behaved well.
Q. What business does she follow?
Kenny. Needle work and washing.
For Bateman.


                  Letitia
                   Lowins
               



            . I live in Church-yard alley. I am a dealer in cloaths; I have trusted Bateman to sell for me; she has took ten pounds worth at once; had she wronged me I had been ruined; but I never knew her dishonest.
Boston and Bateman, 

               Guilty
            , 



               T
            .
Smith, 

               Acquitted
            .
