






612, 613. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE
                      DUFFEY
                  



               
            , spinster, and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      DAVIS
                  



               
            , spinster, were indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 12 l. a steel chain, value 6 s. a cornelian stone seal set in gold, value 40 s. a stone seal set in base metal, value 20 s. a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 12 s. a pair of knee buckles, value 4 s. a tortoiseshell tooth-pick case, value 2 s. a gold lace hat-band, with a silver buckle, value 6 s. three guineas, a four guinea piece, and 5 s. 9 d. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  Anthony
                   Ball
               




            , Aug. 31st
. *


                  Anthony
                   Ball
               



            . I live in Southampton Buildings, No. 3. I am a gentleman
, and live upon my fortune. On the 1st of September as I was coming from Vauxhall, between two and three in the morning, I met with the prisoners, about the Mews stables; Davis ran after me and asked me to go home with her; I offered her a shilling to see her bubbies: then we had a long conversation. I agreed to go home with her, and did. I and Davis went to bed, and the maid came and laid her head on the pillow; I put all my things under my pillow, thinking they could not take them away, during the time I lay there. I pretended to be asleep, though I was not; Davis, as she lay, reached her hand round to the things under the bolster, and took the things out of my pocket; I was angry at the maid's laying her head there, and bid her go about her business, but she said she was to stay there; then Davis got up, and went towards the door; I thought she would return; she came back and then the maid got up and took my things, I could not tell what they were; I thought they were things of their own; Davis put them in the maid's apron, and she carried them out: Davis came to bed again, but in three minutes, thinking I was asleep, she crept gently out of the bed, and went out of the room, and never came again; then I got up and missed my things; I went to the public house, and said I had been robbed, and sent for a constable; as the constable was coming, Davis's sister went into the room, and threw the case of the watch on the tester of the bed; they had pulled off the seals; it is a particular repeating watch, there are marks, enough on it to know it; I went with the constable and found Davis at breakfast at her sister's; I told the constable that was the woman; he seized her, upon which she dropped the tooth-pick case out of her hand, and the constable took it up.


                  James
                   Brown
               



            . I am constable: I was sent for by the landlord of the public-house; when I came, I saw the prosecutor at the door; he said he had been robbed; he took me to the room, I searched the house but found nobody; I found Duffey about three doors off at a cook's shop, I took her; then we went to Hedge-lane; we were told Davis was gone to Hedge-lane; we found her there at breakfast with a person she called her sister; the prosecutor said that was the woman; I staid till they had a dish of tea, and then took them both to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's. When I took Davis she slipped down the took-pick case on the floor, a man took it up and gave it me; I produced it at the Justice's, and the prosecutor swore to it.
Davis's Defence.
Going home, between two and three o'clock in the morning, I met this gentleman, he gave me a shilling, and said he would go home with me: going by the Mews he pulled out his watch; I never saw it afterwards till now. When we came home, we went to bed; he wanted the maid to lie down on the bed; I told him that was not proper. I lay with him till seven in the morning; then he got up and turned over the clothes, and said he was robbed; I was surprized at it: he went to the drawers and took away a pocket book of mine. I never saw the colour of his money, but the shilling he gave me.
Duffey's Defence.
I was not in the room; I was turned out in the entry; I never saw the money or watch; I am as innocent as the child unborn.
DUFFEY, 

               acquitted
            .
DAVIS, 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
