





193. (M. 2 d.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth
                      Waller
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 5 s. a silver watch, value 30 s. and a pair of silver knee-buckles
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Eastence
                  




               
            , Dec. 27
. +


                  John
                   Eastence
               



            . I live in Cock-lane. I am a shoemaker
. I had the things mentioned in a little leather bag in my pocket. The moon shone, and I thought it was six or eight o'clock. I got up, and went to go to work in Cranbourn-alley, and to carry these things to leave with my master. I shut the door after me; it had a spring lock. I found myself shut out, and it was but three o'clock. It was very cold; I enquired of a watchman for a house up: he directed me to the White Horse, a night house, in Middle-row, Holborn


. I went there, and called for a pint of purl, and fell asleep, and when I awaked I missed my things; I told the people of it. The servant girl said, she had seen such a bag in the hands of one 
               
                  Bet
                   Waller
               



            . She was gone. I had not seen any women there but the servant girl. I was going by one Sunday after that, and the little boy stood at the door: he said, There is 
               
                  Bet
                   Waller
               



            . I went and took her in custody; and before Justice Girdler she acknowledged taking the bag out of my pocket, and selling my watch to a Jew, and where she had pawned my knee, and sold my shoe-buckles. I found them accordingly.


                  Thomas
                   Humphrys
               



            . The knee-buckles were pledged with me on the 27th of December, by two women; to the best of my knowledge, the prisoner was one of them.


                  John
                   Davis
               



            . The prisoner told me she had a pair of shoe-buckles in pawn, and desired. I would buy them. I bought them out of pawn in Dyer-street, St. Giles's. (The shoe and knee-buckles produced and deposed to.)

Prisoner's Defence.
He picked me up, and gave me the things about three in the morning. He said he would fetch them in two or three days, and he did not, so I made away with them.
Prosecutor. This is all false.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
