





701. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      SHELDON
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a silk and stuff gown, value 15 s. a sattin cloak laced with silk lace, value 3 s. and a silk hat, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Lucy
                      Draper
                  




               
            , spinster, Sept. 15
. +


                  Lucy
                   Draper
               



            . I live in Bridges-street, Covent Garden


. The prisoner came to live with me on Monday the 15th of September, as a servant
; the next day she went away; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them;) I went that day in search of her; I found her in a house in some street in Soho; she had my hat pinned under her petticoats; I saw it taken from her. We took her to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, and there a pawnbroker's ticket for my gown and cloak was found upon her; the pawnbroker was sent for, and he brought the things.


                  John
                   Briggs
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in St. Martin's-lane; the prisoner brought this gown and cloak to me on the 15th of September, about nine in the morning; she said it belonged to Miss Draper, who lodged at the White Swan in Long Acre; she did not produce the hat; she said her own name was 
               
                  Mary
                   Davis
               



            . (The gown and cloak deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Q. to Prosecutrix. Did you live in Bridges-street at the time you lost the things?
Briggs. Yes; I don't know the White Swan.
Prisoner's Defence.
When I went to light Miss Cooper and a man to bed, she bid-me pawn the gown and cloak next morning for a guinea, and she bid me tell the pawnbroker that she lived at the White Swan in Long Acre; she gave me leave to call upon my washer-woman in Soho, and there she came and took me; she is a common prostitute; there were ten men came after her that day, and there was a disturbance; when I saw what a place it was, I gave her warning, and she does it out of spite.

Q. to Prosecutrix. Do you remember any thing passing about her calling upon her washer-woman?
Draper. No; when I went to the Justice's there was a man there told me where to find her.
Q. to Briggs. Did you ever hear of Draper's name before?
Briggs. No.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
