





580. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      DYMOND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a garnet necklace, value twenty shillings, a French bead necklace, value one shilling; a gold locket, value ten shillings; a linen napkin, value sixpence; one hundred French beads, value one shilling and sixpence; a two foot rule, value one shilling; two womens linen waistcoats, value one shilling and sixpence; and three stone hairpins, value one shilling
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Spilsbury
                  




               
            , September 4th
. *


                  James
                   Spilsbury
               



            : I am a warehouse-man
 in Tavistock-street, Covent-garden


. I sell all sorts of womens apparel. The prisoner lived servant
 with me about eight months. Having had several losses, I suspected her. On the last Sunday se'night, a handkerchief was found, by a servant of mine, concealed in a hamper, in my coal cellar, containing forty or fifty different articles. This alarmed me exceedingly. I went the next morning to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's and got a warrant, and charged a constable with the prisoner. I examined her boxes. She shewed them very readily. She gave the keys of such as were locked. In the boxes, I found the things mentioned in the indictment. There were three boxes. They were in the upper room of the house, where the prisoner lay; but there was another woman servant lay in the same room.


                  George
                   Turton
               



            . I am a constable. I was present when the boxes were searched. Two of them were locked, and one was unlocked. The prosecutor and I demanded to see what were in her boxes. She delivered the key of one of the boxes, and in that box, I found the two womens waistcoats; and there was a necklace in the box. I found all the things mentioned in the indictment in the boxes (producing them.) I have had them in my custody ever since.
Spilsbury. I am sure part of the things were in the box that was locked. The rule and the French beads are mine. I made the necklace myself. I can swear to this small necklace. I bought it for a nobleman for one of the masquerade dresses. The gold locket was a present from the Dutchess of Ancaster to my daughter. The linen waistcoats are my wife's. I can't swear to them.
"The linen waistcoats, gold locket, and the
"linen napkin, were likewise deposed to by
"Mrs. Spilsbury."
Prisoner's Defence.
The linen waistcoats, with other old linen, were given to me by Mrs. Spilsbury's sister. found the locket at the shop door. The beads I swept up from different parts of the floor:
Mrs. Spilsbury. They are part of my child-bed linen. My sister did not know where they were kept.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


