






153, 154. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      TROTTER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      WARD
                  , otherwise 
PARKER




            , were indicted for 


               stealing 100 lb. of tobacco, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Lionel
                            Lyde
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Samuel
                            Lyde
                        



                     
                  , the said tobacco being in a certain ship upon the navigable river of Thames
            , Dec. 29
. ++
Rodie M'Key. I am master of the Elizabeth, which lay at the Hermitage


; it was loaded with sundry merchants goods; among the rest there were some tobacco. On the 31st of December 
               
                  William
                   Briggs
               



             told me my people had robbed me of some tobacco. I had missed it the 29th of December. I immediately took Trotter, who was my own servant and committed him. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Ward
               



             did not belong to my ship; I took him on the 3d of January on stealing of this tobacco, on the evidence of the witness.


                  William
                   Brigs
               



            . I am an officer in his Majesty's custom-house. On the 29th of December ( Sunday evening) I stopped Ward coming on shore from the Elizabeth with ten carrots of tobacco. I asked him what he had got; he said, what is that to you? I took it out of his hand, and he ran away, and said he would call somebody; I called to the waterman, and asked where he brought it from; he said, from the Elizabeth. I took it to his Majesty's custom-house.


                  Henry
                   Cleverton
               



            . I am a waterman. I brought Ward ashore when Mr. Brigs stopped him coming from the Elizabeth. I did not know he had the carrots of tobacco till I came on shore. I was coming from Union-stairs, he hailed me, and bid me put the boat round the lighter. I heard two voices; the basket was handed into my boat, which was covered over, and I got Ward and the tobacco in; he bid me stop, there was another coming; then Trotter looked over the stern, and said, are you gone? he made answer, Jemmy are you coming? he replied he could not come that night, because there was nobody on board but himself and the cook. As I was rowing him on shore, I said, I fancy you have something here that you should not have, if I had known it I would not have took you in; he said, what he had was no harm, for if any boat came along side he could drop it over-board. I told him it was hazardous to me and my boat too. I was agoing to row him ashore at the Hermitage, and he bid me row him to Smith's Ways; he bid me come after him, because he had no money; as he came on shore the officer, Brigs, stopped him. The tobacco weighed one quarter and fourteen pound. Brigs took it from him, and he ran away. I saw the prisoners drinking together. I charged them with it, and they both went out of the house.
Trotter's Defence.
I know nothing of the affair I was not on board at the time.
Ward's Defence.
I know nothing about it. I went on board to see James, and he was not on board; going on shore there was a man desired I would carry this basket for him: he said, he would come on shore at Smith's Ways and pay me, and he called a sculler. Going on shore the officer stopped me, and asked what it was; he took it out of my hand, and I went away, and said, I would get somebody to take it. I know nothing what it was no more than the child unborn.
Both 


               guilty 39 s.
            




               T
            .
