





621, (L.) 
               
                  
                     Ann
                      West
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing half a guinea, a six and nine-pence, and 2 s. and 10 d. in money, numbered
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Burton
                  




               
            . ++


                  Edward
                   Burton
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in Barbican. I know nothing of the robbery.
- Burton. I am wife to the prosecutor. The prisoner came to our shop on the 20th of July. I keep a cheesemonger's shop; she told me to send a lump of butter, and a groatsworth of eggs, to one Mr. Scott's, a watch-maker's, in a court, in Red-cross-street. I did not know the place by name; she said I must send her change for a guinea; I wrapped up half a guinea, a six and nine-pence, two shillings in silver, and five pennyworth of halfpence. I sent the goods and the change by my little girl; she came back with the butter and eggs, and told me that the woman had led her to a different place; and had taken the money from her. She was taken up the se'nnight afterwards: she denied it when we took her up.
Q. How old is your child?
Burton. Twelve years old next February.


                  Sarah
                   Burton
               



            . I am twelve years old in February. I have served in the shop near two years. The prisoner said she was to take me into Red-cross-street; she took me into Paul's-alley


; she asked me for the money; I said I would not give it her; she said, My dear, give it me: I said, No; at last she wrenched it out of my hand, and sent me through another alley. I would not have let her had it, if she had not forced it out of my hand. She bid me go to No. 4, in Nixon's-square, to one Mr. Scott's, a watch-maker; I went there; they knew nothing about it.
Q. Why did not you cry out?
Burton. It was in the dead part of the alley; I was afraid of her. On the Monday sennight after I met her in Barbican; I knew her again; I catched hold of her, I called out for assistance; some people came to me, and I brought her home to my mother's; she knew me again; she was not willing to go.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw the child, nor the person that has taken me up; I was never at the shop: I was going into Long-lane to borrow a cloak, a young man called after me, and said, Young woman, one wants to speak to you; I said, tell them I am coming; I thought it had been Mrs. Burnet wanted me; this child came up and said, That is the girl! that is the girl! take her up, and bring her to my mama; they carried me along by main force, they dragged me about, and tore my gown.
For the Prisoner.


                  John
                   Newman
               



            . I have known her 4 years; she has been married almost two years; her husband is a stove-grate maker; she used to come backward and forward to my house: she bears a good character.
Q. To the Prosecutor. Are you sure this is the woman?
Prosecutor. Yes; she has been at the shop several times before; but she never bought any thing.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
