





300. (L.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      POLLARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden box, value 1 s. three linen aprons, value 3 s. four linen caps, a cardinal, four linen handkerchiefs, a pair of linen muffetees, one linen shift, one pair of stockings, half a guinea and 46 s. in money numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Judith
                            Brown
                        



                     
                  ; and a tea-spoon
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Purchase
                  



               
            . February 15
. +


                  Judith
                   Brown
               



            . I live in Thompson's rents, Half-moon alley, Bishopsgate street


. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, which were in my box, which was broke open; there was nobody in the house at the time I lost it, but the prisoner and me.
Q. What was in your box?
Brown. She took some caps and handkerchiefs, fourty six new shillings, four or five aprons, and a clock; she took every thing out of the box that was in it; and a wet shirt and from the line.
Q. When was it?
Brown. On Saturday last about ten or eleven o'clock. I found one of my caps on her head on Sunday morning, that I had put in my box a day or two before.
Q. Where is the cap?
Brown. I never had it from her; the constable saw it on her head.


                  John
                   Purchase
               



            . The Prosecutrix kept my house. I lost a silver tea-spoon, which was afterwards found at the pawnbroker's.
- Wallace. I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner pledged this spoon with me (producing it) last Saturday night, for 1 s. and 6 d. She offered to pawn the cardinal.
Purchase. I can swear this is my spoon.
Prosecutrix. I received the spoon from Mr. Purchase to take care of; it was in my box, I saw it the day before.
Q. Did you give the prisoner any authority to pawn it?
Prosecutrix. No; I did not.


                  George
                   Broomhead
               



            . I live with Mrs. Purchase; I told the constable, before I saw the spoon, that it had got a scratch on one of the letters: this is the spoon; here is the scratch upon it that I described.


                  Samuel
                   Cheary
               



            . I to ok the prisoner last Saturday between eleven and twelve o'clock; she was drinking tea. Mrs. Brown gave me charge of her and said she had got the cap on her head. When I took her before the Alderman, she had taken off that cap, and put another on. The Alderman ordered me to inquire amongst the pawnbrokers after the things; I found this spoon at Mrs. Wallace's.
Prisoner's Defence.
I met the old gentleman, I asked her how she did. She said she had been robbed. I asked her to have a dram. I went home with her, and we had a dram. I know nothing of her things.
Cheary. When I took the prisoner into custody, she said, If I would get the old gentlewoman to make it up, she would give her a note of hand for the money.
For the Prisoner.


                  Ann
                   Crisp
               



            . The prisoner worked for my father-in-law; we tried her with money several times, because we had heard a bad character of her, but we never found any deficient.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


