





592. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      LYONS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving a gold watch, value 14 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard
                            Glover
                        




                     
                  , Esq
; well knowing it to have been stolen by 
                     
                        James
                         Dempsey
                     



                   and 
                     
                        John
                         Devine
                     



, June 27
.
(The record of the conviction of Dempsey and Devine read, see No. 528 and 529 this session)
(The witness's were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  Aaron
                   Meyers
               



             deposed,
"that Dempsey, Devine
"and Gore the accomplice, sold the watch
"mentioned in the indictment, to the prisoner,
"in Duke's Place


, on the 27th of June, with
"another watch for six guineas. That they
"first applied to him, but he declined it, and
"the prisoner coming by he mentioned it to
"him, that they had two watches to sell, and
"he bought them." (See his evidence No. 528 this sessions.)


                  Frances
                   Gore
               



            . I was a witness here the other day on the conviction of Dempsey and Devine. I went with them to Duke's Place; Devine asked 
               
                  Aaron
                   Meyers
               



             to buy a watch; he said he could not; we asked him if he could help us to one that could; we went a little further and met the prisoner; he brought us into a public house; we shewed him the watch; he said he would give no more than five guineas for the gold, and one guinea for the metal one which I had, six guineas in all, he put them in his pocket, and said go home with me, I will pay you the money, and bid the former witness wait till we came back, and he gave him 6 d. we went to Lyons's, in Sweet Apple Court, he then locked at the watches, and said he would give but six guineas; he took out a 20 l. note, as told us, and gave it to his wife to get it changed; Dempsey watched her, and she went into a Jews place, and got it changed, and came back, and then we asked him to drink, and sent out for half a pint of rum.
Q. from the prisoner. What time of day did you come to my house?
Gore. After seven o'clock.
Prisoner. What money was it you received?
Gore. Six guineas all but the half pint of rum; there was five guineas and a half in gold, and the change of the half guinea.
- Heley. After Gore had surrendered himself to me, he told me, he had sold two watches on the 9th of June, to a Jew, in Sweet Apple Court, Bishopsgate Street; I asked him if he knew the name; he said, yes, it was one Lyons; accordingly Mr. Bond, I and Mr. Taylor, went next morning, between three and four o'clock, to the house of Lyon; the evidence Gore knocked at the door; I stood about ten yards from the door; the window was opened by Lyon, and he said, I am coming; accordingly the door was opened, and Mr. Bond and I jumped in, and took the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
Mr. Bond gave the evidence the watch in his hand, and rushed in, and cried, take this! take this! it is no watch to be bought. What Gore says is false; It is a matter made up by Sir John Fielding's men; they instructed Gore to tell this story; he never knew any thing of me. I don't live in Sweet Apple Court, but in St. Dunstan's Alley.



               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14 Years
            .
