






31, 32. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      HARDING
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      ROOKER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Bate
                         Trotman
                     



                  , widow, and 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Croft
                     



                  , on the 28th of October
, about the hour of eight in the night, and stealing four pair of silver salts, value 4 l. 16 s. two pair of plated salts, value 25 s. two silver milk pails, value 2 l. 12 s. three silver tops for castors, value 3 s. and a plated coffee pot, value 2 l. 10 s. the property of the said 
                     
                        Bate
                         Trotman
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Croft
                     



                  , in their dwelling house
            . ++


                     Bate
                      Trotman
                  



               
            . I am in partnership with Mr. Croft, in the brokery business; the place where our goods are, is not a house, but only a shed; the porter lies there. I know nothing of the stealing of the goods; I only know that they are my property.


                     Joseph
                      Croft
                  



               
            . I know nothing of the fact, the goods were produced before the alderman in the possession of the prisoner.


                  Peter
                   Kennedy
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors: on the 28th of October, about five o'clock in the evening, I locked the door and went to Exeter-street to supper; I returned at eight o'clock and took the key out of my pocket to unlock the door; when I put my hand to the door it flew open, and I saw the prisoner Harding.
Q. Do you know whether these things were in the shop when you went out?
Kennedy. Yes; I put the coffee pot on a side table, and the other things on a shelf, four or five minutes before I went out; when I came home, to the best of my knowledge, there were three men in the shop; I am sure there were two, and that Harding was one; I cannot swear to Rooker; Harding was striving to get out, and another man knocked me down with his fist; I got up as soon as I could, and pursued them; Harding ran down Temple-lane; I cried, stop thief! and a coachman jumped off his box, and we took him; I found on him two salts, two pails, and a milk pot, we brought him to a public house and charged a constable with him, and then he threw the salts down upon the table.


                  Richard
                   Dignam
               



            . I attend the Rotation Office in Litchfield-street. On Friday the 29th of October, as I was sitting at the Jolly Coopers, near Clerkenwell, a person came to me, and said Chivers desired to speak to me; I asked him what was the matter; he said he believed he had done something bad; I bid him meet me at the George in Grafton-street; I met him there, and he told me the two prisoners and he had broke a house open, and produced two glasses, a salt, and two chissels, and asked me to get him made an evidence; I told him I could not say any thing to that till he came before the gentlemen; Chivers said I might meet with them at the Cock in Fleet-market; as I was going to the Cock, I heard Harding was apprehended; I went to Guildhall, and there I saw Harding in custody; I then went in pursuit of Rooker; I met him in Fleet market, and took him in custody, and had him to the Rotation Office in Litchfield-street; I searched him but found nothing but some pick-lock keys upon him. (The pick locks produced). They are what they call in their cant language dubbs.


                  Harriot
                   Ryland
               



            . I live in Fleet-lane, along with 
               
                  Robert
                   Chivers
               



            ; he went away from me between five and six on Thursday night.
Q. Do you know Rooker and Harding?
Ryland. Yes. Chivers desired me to come to the Black Lion in Wych-street, and he would have something for supper; I was informed he was gone out with Rooker and Harding; I saw them afterwards; I heard Chivers standing under St. Dunstah's church, at Mr. Trotman's shed.
Q. Were they within or without the shed?
Ryland. Without.
Q. What were they doing?
Ryland. I do not know.


                  John
                   Weath
               



            . On the 28th of October, about eight o'clock, or a little after, somebody came and told me this shop was broke open; I went directly; they told me the man took down the Temple; I went as far as the Middle Temple Gate, and some people were bringing Harding up; we took him to a public house; I said I must search him; he said I need not search him, and took out of his pocket nine salts, two milk pails, a milk pot and tops for castors; he said he was very sorry for it.


                  Richard
                   Smith
               



            . I am a coachman; I took 
               
                  John
                   Harding
               



             in Temple-lane; I found a coffee pot upon him; I delivered it to Mr. Weath.
Weath. That is the coffee pot that is here. They cried out, stop thief! I saw him turn down Temple Gate; I pursued and overtook him.


                  Robert
                   Chivers
               



            . I met Rooker and Harding about seven o'clock; they asked me to fetch these tools, which they asked me to carry home; before I did fetch them, they agreed to go to some shop to break it open; I stood and covered them; I did not enter the shop: they wrenched the staple off the door and then got into the shop; Rooker gave the things to me; this young woman stood by. I was afraid to have any thing to do with them; I took hold of the corner of her apron and chucked them into it; she was going to throw them into the kennel; I bid her go with them. They bid me fetch a candle; going to Temple Bar, I heard that Harding was taken. In the passage by the church I saw Rooker and this young woman talking together; he asked me to get the things to go out again; I said I was afraid. I drank a pint of beer with him, and left him, and went home.
Q. to Kennedy. What sort of a place is this, how many rooms does it consist of?
Kennedy. No more than one.
Q. Did any body lodge there?
Kennedy. I did; and there is a fire place there.
Q. Do you constantly lodge there?
Kennedy. Yes, every night.
Q. What has it been the custom always for the porter to lodge in the shop?
Kennedy. Yes, since my master and mistress took the shop I have lodged in it.
Q. Before that do you know whether the shopman or porter used to lodge in it?
Kennedy. I cannot tell that.
Harding's Defence.
The night this unfortunate affair happened I had been at the Black Lion in Wych-street; Chivers was sitting at the same time there; he went out and staid for the space of some minutes; he came in again, and asked me if I was going home, but in the mean time made me as much in liquor as possible; I answered in the affirmative, and said as he was going part of my way I would accompany him; I knew him, but did not know what course of life he followed; when we came by St. Dunstan 's church he went without hesitation to a shop; if it had been broke open it was before he went in at the door; he gave me some things and desired me to put them in my pocket; as he was going to carry them down to Fleet-market, and he had more than he could conveniently take himself, I accordingly took them and put them in my pocket, and he went to get a candle, and then this person, I take to be Kennedy, came and went in, and finding the door open, two people rushed out, and struck him down, and I being terrified, as I had the property about me, and dreading the consequences seeing them run, I ran as fast I could; a number of people pursued me, and I went down Temple-lane, where I was stopped, and the property taken from me that is now produced. I am really innocent of the robbery, and of any intent to commit it.
Rooker's Defence.
I am innocent of the affair; I have been in company with that Chivers; I was with him at the Black Lion the night the robbery was done; after he was gone about an hour, a report was brought that this Harding was in custody.
Q. to Kennedy. Which knocked you down?
Kennedy. I cannot say.
For Rooker.


                  John
                   Eynion
               



            . I am a goldsmith: I have known him from a child; he is in the button way; I never heard any thing amiss of him.


                  Ann
                   Fowler
               



            . I have known Rooker four years: my husband worked with him; I never knew him to bear any other than an honest character.


                  Elizabeth
                   Gray
               



            . I am a fruiterer in the market: I have known him ten years; I never heard any thing amiss of him.
For Harding.


                  Jonathan
                   Ismay
               



            . I have known Harding from his infancy; he came out of the country about two years and a half ago; I never knew any thing amiss of him. His father and mother are very honest people.
HARDING 


               guilty of stealing the goods but not guilty of the burglary
            . 


               T
            .
ROOKER 

               acquitted
            .
