






662, 663. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Chapman
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Tho.
                      Landakin
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Turner
                        




                     
                  , on the 12th of September
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing two cotton gowns, one linen and cotton counter pane, three aprons, a linen sleeve, a cotton skirt, a cotton nightgown, two linen table-cloths, a linen and worsted chair bottom, and eight linen cloth, the property of the said 
                     
                        John
                         Turner
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            . *


                  John
                   Turner
               



            . The goods laid in the indictment were taken out of my warehouse, which joins to my dwelling-house. From the door of the warehouse a passage leads to the water-side; the door was fastened with a padlock over night; the padlock was left hanging upon the door, and the door was open. (The goods produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Mary
                   Turner
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. I saw the things mentioned in the indictment in the warehouse about ten o'clock at night. I fastened it on the outside with a padlock. I get up at six in the morning; the lock hung loose upon the staple, the door was open, and the things mentioned in the indictment were gone.


                  James
                   Hunter
               



            . I am a waiter at White-Conduit-House. About seven o'clock in the morning on the 13th of September, 
               
                  Joseph
                   Bingly
               



             and I were standing at the door of White-Conduit-House; we saw two women coming towards our house, we supposed them to be women of the town; they passed by us. At the farther and of White-Conduit-Fields they met two men; one of the two men had a bag upon his back; we suspected them, and watched where they went. They went into a field, and sat down under a hedge, and began taking the things out of the sack. We called assistance, and went and secured them; they made no resistance. They said before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             that they found the things in Moorfields.


                  Joseph
                   Bingley
               



             confirmed this account.
The prisoners in their defence said, they found the bundle containing the things mentioned his the indictments, among the stones in Moorfields.
Chapman called 
               
                  George
                   Wilson
               



            , who had known him fourteen years; 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Dodfied
               



            , six years; - Creed, some time; Elizabeth Hill, three years; 
               
                  Ann
                   Spleen
               



            , ten years. Landakin called 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hughes
               



             and 
               
                  William
                   Walding
               



            , who had known him from a child; and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Purdue
               



            , who gave them good characters.
Both 


               guilty of stealing, but acquitted of the burglary
            . 



               T
            .
