





15. (L.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      SWINNEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George
                      Roberts
                  




               
            , Nov. 29
. +


                  George
                   Roberts
               



            . I am a journeyman carpenter
; coming down Snow-hill


, on the 27th of Nov. about six in the evening, I turned in at a gateway to make water; the prisoner and a man were talking together; a young man that was along with me entered into conversation with them; the prisoner went up the gateway; I was coming away, and the young man that was talking with her before came up; then she came to me, took hold of my waistcoat, and drew me into the gateway; she asked six-pence; I said three-pence was too much; my breeches were unbuttoned; I buttoned them up again and then I felt my watch chain; when I came on the outside of the gateway, I felt her snatch my watch out of my pocket; her hand went down as if to the ground; the young man that was with her ran away.
Q. Was you in liquor?
Roberts. I had drank a little; but I knew perfectly well what I was doing; I secured her immediately; she said if I would let her go she would give it me back again.


                  James
                   Hopwood
               



            . I was passing by accident; I heard the prosecutor say he had been robbed of his watch; I got a candle to seek for the watch but could not find it; I was going to carry her to a public house; she squatted down in the way, and said if we would let her go, the man should have his watch again; she was carried to a public house and searched, but the watch was not found.


                  William
                   Bamford
               



            , who was in company with the prosecutor, confirmed this evidence.
The prisoner, in her defence, said she never saw the watch.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
