





712. (M.) 
               
                  Mary
                   the 
                  wife
 of John Hall



             was indicted for 


               receiving 17 lb. of bread, value 2 s. and 5 d. two china sawcers, value 1 s. one scrubbing brush, value 6 d, and a towel, value 2 d. well knowing them to have been stolen
             by 
               
                  James
                   Leppenwell
               



            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Drummond
                  




               
            , Aug. 29th
. ++
(The record of the conviction of 
               
                  James
                   Leppenwell
               



             for stealing the goods was read in court.)
See the last Sessions.
"
               
                  Robert
                   Drummond
               



            , the prosecutor, deposed that he is a baker
, that Leppenwell was his servant, that he had missed bread several times, that he accordingly watched the prisoner, and that on Thursday he got up early in the morning, that he heard a noise two or three times as the window shutter, about six o'clock, that he went and stood upon the stairs, that he saw Leppenwell set four loaves on the shop window; then he opened the door; she came in, and he put four quartern loaves into her apron, and then pushed her out at the door. He immediately ran down, naked as he was, and brought her back, and found the loaves in apron.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am wife to Leppenwell. I went to his master's shop for a couple of loaves; I had some loaves, but I was not out of the shop. He was indebted to my husband thirteen shillings. My first husband's name was John Hall; after he died I married Leppenwell.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did you owe this Leppenwell two weeks wages?
Drummond. No; he was paid every Saturday. He lost a great quantity of bread the Saturday before, and therefore I did not pay him; I paid him the preceding Saturday. She is not the wife of Leppenwell.



               Guilty
            , 


               T. 14 years
            .
