





695. (L.) 
               
                  CONRED
                   SHEPPARD
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 2 lb. and half of hard soap, value 15 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Plomer
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Gabriel
                      Heath
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Philip
                      Allen
                  



               
            , Sept. 22d
. ++
Mr. Alderman Plomer. The prisoner has been a weekly servant
 of mine several years past; on the 22d of September, I came home between seven and eight in the evening, and my apprentice informed me he believed the prisoner had robbed me of some hard soap that day; I informed one of my partners of it, and we sent for Mr. Carter a publican just by, to enquire if he had ever been seen at his house with any soap; Mr. Carter came, the prisoner was then at his house; I went with him and desired him to tell him somebody wanted him at the door; he drank part of a pint of beer and then went back to a box where they make water; he staid longer I thought than he needed, therefore I went in to see why he did not come; I took him home to my house, and desired Mr. Carter to look at the place where he stood making water: I had not been long home before Mr. Carter came to my house with two pieces of soap; I charged him with stealing it; at first he denied it: but afterwards he confessed before the constable and publican, that he took it and put it there; (the soap produced); I know it to be mine; it differs very much from this kind of soap that is usual to sell.
- Carter. I keep a public house in Leadenhall-street: the prisoner was in my house the 22d of September, drinking a pint of beer; Mr. Plomer sent for me, and told me he was under an apprehension that the prisoner had been robbing him of some soap, and asked me if I ever knew of any being brought to my house; Mr. Plomer went with me and stood at the door; I went in and told him somebody wanted him at the door; he saw Mr. Plomer, and did not go directly, but staid to drink his beer, and then went to make water; Mr. Plomer came in and took him away; I looked under the place where he had his beer, and found the soap; I do not know who left it there; I had not looked in that place I suppose a twelve-month before. On his cross examination, he said the prisoner denied taking the soap at first, and then he said he took it for his own use; that he told him if he confessed, he believed Mr. Alderman Plomer would pardon him for so trifling an offence if he confessed it.
Court. You did not tell him you had any authority from Mr. Plomer to promise him that?
Carter. No, but that it was my opinion.
Counsel for the prisoner. It was the means that induced him to confess?
Carter. I believe it might.
Thomas Street. I am the constable that took him; when he was before the Aldermen he said it was the first offence, and begged the Alderman to pardon him.
Prisoner's Defence.
The offence I am charged with I am innocent of; no man living can say I took the soap.
He called four witnesses who gave him a good character.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
