





570. (2d M) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      JAMES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden box, value five shillings; an iron lock, value sixpence; an iron key, value one penny; a white sarcenet cloak, value fifteen shillings; a pair of crape ruffles, value three shillings; a crape apron, value five shillings; a crape handkerchief, value four shillings; a muslin tucker, value one shilling; a tippet, value eighteen pence; a tambour work bag, value ten shillings; seven papers of thread, value three shillings; a black silk cloak, trimmed with love, value ten shillings; a pair of black stuff slippers, value three shillings; a white bed gown, value four shillings; three linen shifts, value fifteen shillings; a linen night-cap, value one shilling; and four cambrick handkerchiefs, value twelve shillings
            ; the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen
                      Lushington
                  




               
            , June 7th
. *
Mr. 
               
                  Stephen
                   Lushington
               



            . Mrs. Lushington informed me, by a letter directed to me at Uxbridge, that her trunk had been cut from the coach as it was coming to town with her father, Mr. Baldero, the banker. I returned to town on Sunday evening, there I found, by an advertisement, that some such things had been taken upon a suspicious person. I went to Justice Girdler's, where I saw the box and the goods. I knew a tambour work-bag, and a pair of slippers to be Mrs. Lushington's, they had her name in them.


                  Richard
                   Banks
               



            . I am Mr. Baldero's butler. I rode to town, attending the coach with Mr. Baldero and his daughter, Mrs. Lushington. There was a box of Mrs. Lushington's behind the coach; I rode on horseback behind the coach the greatest part of the road. When we came to Piccadily, I rode before the coach, the box was then safe. It was half after nine o'clock on the 7th of June, Mr. Baldero called out some thieves were taking the luggage; I looked behind, I did not see any body take it away, but the box was gone.


                  Robert
                   Gregory
               



            . Coming through Queen-street, Westminster, at ten at night, I saw the prisoner and another boy; the other boy had the box in his hand; I suspected the prisoner, as I had known him before; I looked after him twenty yards. After the two boys had gone together about twenty yards, the other boy gave the box to the prisoner. I pursued him, and took him with the box upon him. I took him to the watch-house that night, and the next morning I took him before Justice Girdler; the box was produced before the justice, and then these things were in it, and it was sealed up before the justice.
Q. Did he run away.
Gregory. No, he made no resistance.
The box was produced in court, with the things, particularly the tambour bag, and slippers, which were deposed to by the prosecutor.


                  Frances
                   Carns
               



            . I wash for Mrs. Lushington. I know several of these things (particularizing them) to be Mrs. Lushington's.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the box in the middle of the Hay-market. I am employed to water the hackney coachmen's horses.
Banks. The coach did not go through the Hay-market.
Q. from the jury. Was the box secured behind the coach with one strap or two?
Banks. Two straps; the portmanteau was not taken away; they had not time to take the portmanteau, that was at the bottom; the straps were at the top of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
