





228. (M.) 
               
                  
                     LEONARD
                      WARDELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six silver tea spoons, value 15 s. a silver strainer, value 1 s. a linen table cloth, value 6 d. 5 lb. of green tea, value 25 s. and twelve shillings in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Ralph
                      Wells
                  




               
            , Feb. 27th
. *


                  Ralph
                   Wells
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Howard who lives in Savile Row; my wife keeps a chandler's shop in little Poultney-street


; I had information that my shop was broke open on the 27th of February; I went to the shop about eight o'clock, there I found that it was broke open, and the several things mentioned in the indictment had been taken away; upon a suspicion that my wife entertained from what had been said by the apprentice of her brother of having seen such a sort of man about, I had him taken up at his lodgings, and carried before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            ; there he was searched and a bunch of keys found of mine, but they are not mentioned in the indictment; the next morning I went with the constable to search his lodgings, there we found every thing that had been stolen except the money.


                  William
                   Taylor
               



            . I am a constable: I went with Mr. Wells and found every thing in the prisoner's lodgings.


                  John
                   Fullwood
               



            , the landlord of the house where Well's wife keeps her shop, deposed, that he took the prisoner.
The prisoner in his defence said, the goods were brought to his house by another man, but called no witness.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
