





16. (L.) 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL
                      LUTFORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two live pigeons, value 3 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Yates
                  




               
            , November 23d
. +


                  Edward
                   Yates
               



            . I am a stationer
 in Aldersgate-street


, I came down in the morning of the 23d. of November, my clerk informed me, I had lost a pair of pigeons, they were kept in a box, under a water butt in the yard, he said they were cut out of the place, I found them afterwards at one Mr. Emmery's the corner of Fleet-market.



                  Richard
                   Wilsmore
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Yates. I saw the pigeons four days before they were lost, and know them to be my master's property.
- Everitt. I am clerk to Mr. Yates, on Wednesday the 23d. of October, I went to feed the pigeons, and found they were cut out, my master sent me to make enquiry after them, I went to Mr. Simpson's, the corner of the New-Road to enquire after them, on the Friday following, Mr. Simpson sent word he had heard of them, that they were at the house of Mr. Emery. I went with the prisoner to Mr. Emery's in Fleet-Market, where he told me he had sold them; he owned he had stole the pigeons, and said he, hoped his master would not transport him, he was apprentice
 to Mr. Yates, and was turned away for theft.
Question. Did he tell you how he stole them.
Everitt. He said he got over the cart wheel and cut them out, there is a cart wheel under the place where they were.


                  Robert
                   Emery
               



            . I am a fruiterer in Fleet-Market, two men brought the pigeons to my shop. my young man desired to have them, and I paid three shillings and six-pence for them. I don't know whether the prisoner is one of the men.
(The pigeons were produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
