





71. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HIPDITCH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               plucking up, digging up, breaking, spoiling, and carrying away twenty-eight shrubs, called Myrtles, value thirty shillings; belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Lewis
                            Kennedy
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           James
                            Lee
                        



                     
                  , and then growing, and standing in the Nursery ground of the said Lewis and James
            , against the statute, October 27th
. ++


                  Lewis
                   Kennedy
               



            . I am a nursery man

, at Hammersmith


, in partnership with Mr. Lee. On the 28th of October, I was told by one of my servants that I had been robbed. I went into the nursery, and found many of the myrtle plants had been taken out of the pots I kept them in. The prisoner was there at times; when he was taken up, he confessed he had taken them.


                  William
                   Bailey
               



            . On the 29th of October, I was led to suspect the prisoner, by an advertisement, and he was selling the plants so very cheap, that the price raised my suspicion; I charged him with having stole them. I took him before the justice, and there he confessed that he did steal them; he said, he laid the hurdle and board over the ditch and so got into the nursery.


                  James
                   Thornhill
               



             was before the Justice who confirmed the evidence of the last witness.
The prisoner in his defence denied the charge; but called no witnesses.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
