





378. (1st. L.) 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH
                      MOLSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven quartern loaves of wheaten bread, value 4 s. two half peck loaves of wheaten bread, value 2 s. 6 d. a wooden pail, value 6 d. and a wicker basket value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      May
                  




               
            , April 13th
. ~
"
               
                  John
                   May
               



            , a baker
, deposed that he lived in Grub-street; that he sent his servant 
               
                  John
                   Humphry
               



             out on the 13th of April, with a basket of bread and a pail in it; that the prisoner was brought to him the 13th of April, and a quartern loaf with him; that after some time, he told him the bread and pail was at a green-shop, in Bunhill Row; that he went and found them there, and knew them to be his property"



                  John
                   Humphreys
               



            , servant to Mr. May, deposed, that on the 13th of April he went with bread up Red-cross-street; that he set his basket on the pump in Red-cross-street


, with two half-peck loaves, seven quartern loaves, and a pail in it, and went back for two three-penny loaves that he had forgot; that, when he returned with the loaves, his basket was gone; that he went back again to his master's, and informed him he had left his basket; that he then went down to Rag-fair and Duke's-place; that, in his return, coming through Duke's-place, he met the prisoner with a quartern-loaf under his arm; that he knew it to be one of the loaves that were in the basket; that he stopped the prisoner, and brought him to his master's house; and then the prisoner said he had left the pail and two loaves at a green-shop in Bunhill-row.
The Prisoner, in his Defence, said that he came from Hackney to seek for a place; that he met a young man with a loaf under his arm; that he gave him this quartern-brick to carry to a butcher's in Shoemaker-row; that, as he was going there, he was stopped by Humphreys; and that he told him a man gave it him, who had left two loaves and a pail in Bunhill-row.




               Guilty. 10 d.
            



               T
            .
