





5. (M.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted For 


               stealing in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Goldin
                     



                   four guineas, a crown piece, a silver dollar, value 4 s. 6 d. a pistereen, value 10 d. a leather glove, value 1 d. a snuff-box, value 1 d. and six pence farthing in money numbered, the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Iredle
                     



, Oct. 11
. *


                     John
                      Iredle
                  




               
            . I live at Mr. Goldin's, the White house-inn, Mile-end


; the prisoner came to our house on the 10th of October; he sad he was out of place, and wanted a lodging, he laid with me; we went to bed about seven o'clock; my money was in a snuff-box which was in a glove, and the glove was in a stocking; I put it in my chest when I went to bed; I got up at four o'clock in the morning; the prisoner got out of bed at the same time I did, and he came down about a quarter of an hour after me; he ordered me to heat him a pint of pull; I did, and gave him some victuals, and he went out to seek for a place; he had not paid for his lodging; he promised to come back in the afternoon; he did not come back again, nor pay for what he had. I wanted to give change about six o'clock; I went up to my chest and missed my money. I gave information of it, but I did not see the prisoner again for several days.
Q. Might not some body else have taken your money?


                  John
                   Iredle
               



            . I am sure nobody could have gone up into the room, I was in the house all the time; I heard nothing of the prisoner for three weeks, and then he was taken up for ther offence.
Prisoner's Defence.
Several young men came up when I was a bed; I called out to know who they were; then they went out again; they waked me by throwing the clothes off.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
