





422. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ruth
                      Frostick, otherwise 
Ruth Harris, spinster, otherwise 
Mary Jones




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two linen gowns, value 16 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis
                      Davis
                  




               
            , April 26
. *


                  Mary
                   Davis
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Francis
                   Davis
               



            . We keep a pawn-brokers shop
. We lost these three linen gowns on the 26th of April. The gowns were hung up for sale. They were stolen a little before nine in the evening. The next morning we found two of them pledged in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Jones
               



            , at Mr. Bailey's and Mr. Young's; the one lives in Shutters-ground, the other in Peter-Street. She was acquitted for robbing me last sessions. Since that she stole these. (The gowns produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.) Mr. Bailey sent for me on the ninth of May; I found the prisoner stopped there; she said she was come to get a duplicate for the gown: I charged her with a constable; she slipped away from the constable at the justices, and they could not find her for two hours.


                  Thomas
                   Bailey
               



            . The prisoner pledged this gown (taking it in his hand) with me on the 26th of April, about a quarter of an hour after nine in the evening. The next morning Mrs. Davis came to me to enquire for a gown she had lost; I said I had taken one in; I shewed it her. The prisoner came to pay the interest due on the gown on the tenth of June, and to get a duplicate; I stopped her, and sent for Mrs. Davis; she came and owned the gown, and we took the prisoner into custody: she said she could bring twenty people to prove it her gown; that she bought it in Wales.


                  Thomas
                   Young
               



            . This other gown was pledged at my shop in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Jones
               



            . I did not take it in, so do not know the person again.
Prisoner's Defence.
Mrs. Davis knows that if I wanted any thing out of her house I used to send, because she owed me a grudge. I have witnesses to prove I caught the gaol distemper at the last sessions, and lost the use of my limbs. A young woman told me there was a gown in pawn, and wanted me to get a duplicate for it in my own name; I went, and they stopped me. I never pawned them, nor have not been in the prosecutor's house.
For the Prisoner.


                  Ann
                   Jones
               



            . The prisoner was taken ill the beginning of April; she lost the use of her limbs, and was not out all the month. I have known her about three quarters of a year. I was acquainted with 
               
                  Ann
                   Gibson
               



            , with whom she lodged.
Q. What is the prisoner's christian name?
Jones. I don't know; I knew her through 
               
                  Ann
                   Gibson
               



            .


                  John
                   Harris
               



            . I have known her a twelvemonth; she was taken very ill on the tenth of April: she lost almost the use of her limbs for near a month; she was not able to go down stairs without help. I lodged in the same appartment with her upon the same floor.
Q. What are you?
Harris. A shoe-maker; and work at home.


                  Mary
                   George
               



            . I am her mother. My husband is a blacksmith. I live in Doctors Commons. I sent her necessaries every day, as the people brought me word she was so ill she had lost the use of her limbs.
Q. Was you ill?
George. No; I had a large family, and could not go myself.
Prosecutrix. This Harris is the man she lives with; she went by his name: he came to beg of me not to prosecute her.
Q. to Harris. What do you say to that; had you any conversation with the prosecutrix about this woman?
Harris. I have spoke to the woman.
Q. Did you desire her not to prosecute the prisoner?
Harris. I don't deny but I desired her to be as easy as she could.
Court. That has nothing to do with the present question; it only shews the connection between them.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
See him tried, No. 233, in the present mayoralty.
