





96. (M.) 
               
                  John
                   Farthing
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one man's hat, value 2 s. two linen sheets, value 10 s. and eight guineas in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Cuthbertson
                  




               
            , December 21
. ++


                  Joseph
                   Cuthbertson
               



            . I am a brewer's servant
, and live in Peter-street, Westminster


. I lost the things out of my box; the prisoner lodged in the same house. He went away from his lodgings. We took him at the King's Arms in Little George Street. He confessed he took them, and said, he would make me amends.


                  Joseph
                   Smith
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner. He at first denied the charge; afterwards, he said, he had bought a watch with part of the money. He offered the prisoner the watch, and said, he would pay him part of his wages every week.


                  James
                   Miller
               



            . On Sunday about noon, the prisoner came to me, and said, he had lost all his money. We suspected the prisoner. Mrs. Allen told me, she had pawned the prosecutor's hat for a shilling. I told him, I thought he was a bad man to take ten or twelve guineas from the poor man; he said, No, it was but eight.
Rebecca-
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Allen
               



            . I pawned this hat for the prisoner.
Prosecutor. This is my hat.
The prisoner called John Reed, 
               
                  Alexander
               


             M'Dowell, and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Yates
               



            , who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
