






632, 633. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER
                      KEITH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      HALL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing six live geese, value 21 s. thirteen live ducks, value 9 s. and one live hen, value 8 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Wilmot
                  




               
            , Oct. 1st
. ~


                  John
                   Wilmot
               



            . I live at East Acton. I am servant
 to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Bromley
               



            , a farmer. On the 1st of this month I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; they were in a barn adjoining to the dwelling house; about two in the morning I got up to go to Smithfield, and they were then in the barn; I saw them in a sack when I came home about five at night; I am sure they were the same.


                  Mary
                   Wilmot
               



            . I am the wife of the former witness. About five o'clock in the morning one Adams came to call a lad up that lives with us. I went into the kitchen; I saw one of the geese standing on the green; Adams said it was likely I had lost some geese; I unlocked the barn and missed five fatted geese, and an old goose; I secured the door and went back to the kitchen door, and then turned back again to the barn and turned short upon a man; I looked forward and saw another man at the corner of the barn; I called out for assistance, and 
               
                  Stephen
                   Adams
               



             came; just as he came up the two men came out of the barn; they ran off and he pursued them; I got a candle; I looked in Mr. Bromley's barn, and there I found the fowls in a sack; there were six geese, thirteen ducks and one hen; I am certain they were our property. Adams brought them both back.


                  Stephen
                   Adams
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Bromley; I heard Mrs. Wilmot call out; I went out; I saw two men in regimentals run out of Mr. Bromley's barn; I pursued them and took Keith; I never lost fight of him after he came out of the barn.


                  Joseph
                   Harley
               



            . I am a constable: I took Hall; there was a bayonet found in the barn; Keith said the bayonet belonged to the person that was with him, who he said was Hall; I took it to Hall; he owned it directly.
Mrs. Wilmot. I found the bayonet in the barn; I gave it to the constable.
Keith's Defence.
I know nothing about it.
Hall's Defence.
I clean arms for several other men, and often lend them my arms; the bayonet was missing out of my room.


                  Edward
               


             M'Neal, Keith's serjeant, gave him a good character.
KEITH 

               guilty
            



               T
            .
HALL 

               acquitted
            .
