





299. (L. 2d.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Bird
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden box, value 6 d. four silver buckles set with glass, value 5 s. three gold rings, value 20 s. and two shillings in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Archer
                  




               
            , April 9
. ++


                  John
                   Archer
               



            . I am a box-maker
, and live in Barbican


. The prisoner was my errand-boy
. I was not at home when the fact was committed; I was when he was brought back. This was the 9th of April. I heard him own he took the box from out of the one pair of stairs room into the cellar, and had taken two shillings out of it, and some other things that my wife had put in.
Mrs. Archer. This was a box my husband made for me, to put odd money and things in for safety. I keep it in the closet in my room. In the morning of the 9th of April the boy was missing. Our apprentice brought me some pieces of cotton out of the cellar, which I knew I had put into that box. I went up, and missed the box. The box was found hid under some things in the cellar; part of the bottom broke out. The boy owned to taking two shillings out: there was a great deal more money, but how much I cannot say: the rings and buckles were also in the box. We suspected him, because he has been a very bad boy all his life-time. We took him because of his father, who has been a journey man to us some years; a very honest man. The boy was found up in Holborn, along with four pickpockets.
Q. How old is he?
Mrs. Archer. He is between 13 and 14 years old.


                  John
                   Palmer
               



            . I found some pieces of cotton in the cellar. I brought them to mistress. She went to see for the box, and it was gone; then she and I went and found it hid in the cellar.


                  Michael
                   Wood
               



            . I found the boy at the bar in Holborn, with three other boys. I laid hold of him, and said, You rascal! what have you done with your mistress's money? He answered, I had but two shillings. I asked him what he designed to do with the box. I think he said, he intended to have fetched it away at night.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not take it.
Prosecutor. It is by desire of his father that I prosecute him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
