





713. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      SMITH
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a black petticoat, value 12 s. a linen shift, value 2 s. a linen cap, value 6 d. a cloth apron, value 2 s. a black laced handkerchief, value 6 s. a silk and cotton handkerchief, value 2 s. and a silk hat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Hayward
                  




               
            , Aug. 19
. *


                  Mary
                   Hayward
               



             I am wife of 
               
                  William
                   Hayward
               



            ; I used to lodge at Mrs. Goff's, in Duke lane, Westminster


. Some time in July I went to a place, and I left the things mentioned in the indictment with Mrs. Goff for safety. Some time in the month of August she came to me, and informed me, that my things were gone; from the information Mrs. Goff gave me, I went in search of the prisoner, and I found her in Carnaby Market; she had my apron on; she took me to several pawnbrokers, but none of them had any thing of mine; after she had been before the justice, she told me my things were pawned at Mrs. Pearce's and Mr. Hill's.


                  Mary
                   Pearce
               



             produced a petticoat, and 
               
                  Isaac
                   Bannister
               



            , servant to - Hill, produced a shift and a cap, which they deposed were pledged with them by the prisoner.
The prosecutrix deposed they were her property.


                  Elizabeth
                   Goff
               



             deposed, that she put the prosecutor's cloaths in an unlocked drawer; that she took the prisoner into her house, she being in distress; that she lay there one night; that she went out upon some business the next morning, and when she returned, she missed the prisoner and the things mentioned in the indictment.
Prisoner's Defence.
Mrs. Goff gave me leave to pawn them.
Goff. That is false.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
