





67. (M.) 
               
                  MAaxamilian
                   Miller
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing two linen shirts, value 6 s. one linen shirt, value 1 s. one muslin apron, value 1 s. five linen caps, value 2 s. one linen handkerchief, value 1 s. and one wicker basket, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Mary
                   Street
               




            , spinster
, December 21
. +
Mary Street. I am a washer-woman
, and live at No. 2, in the New Way, Westminster


; the prisoner was a neighbour. On the Friday before Christmas day, I went up stairs for about ten minutes, and locked the door; when I came down stairs again, I found my window open and the basket gone containing the things mentioned in the indictment, and a great many more: the things were found at the prisoner's house: I had observed several people that lodged at the prisoner's loitering about my window before; I went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, and Mr. Noakes and Mr. Taylor, two of Sir John's people went directly to Miller's. The basket and the things in it were found in the cock-soft. I saw one of the shifts hanging upon the stairs.


                  William
                   Taylor
               



            . I went with Mr. Noakes to search the prisoner's house; I saw the prisoner and his wife standing by the fire; I told him I was come to search his house for some goods that were suspected to be there; he said, He knew nothing about it: I went up stairs, and upon the two pair of stairs was a shift which the prosecutrix claimed. I went up a ladder into a place that Miller called his work-shop; there I found the basket containing the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  John
                   Noakes
               



             confirmed the above witness.
The prisoner called several witnesses to his character, none of whom had known him lately.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried for stealing a silver watch, No. 113, in Mr. Alderman Harley's mayoralty.
