





115. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Randolph Legrand
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 16 ounces of silver, val. 4 l. 4 s. and one ingot of silver, val. forty shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Edward
                         Aldridge
                     



                   and 
                     
                        William
                         Woodnoth
                     



                  , privately in their shop
            , Dec. 21
. +


                     Edward
                      Aldridge
                  



               
            . I am a working silversmith

; I and 
               
                  
                     William
                      Woodnoth
                  



               
             are partners; our shop is in George-street, St. Margaret's


. The prisoner has worked with me a number of years; the latter part, I found my self more particularly robbed, and missed silver various times; as we cast up stock twice a year. About the 14th of December, (I am not particular to the day) a neighbour, named Spilsbury, sent for me, and acquainted me, he had some reason to believe one of my journeymen had robbed me. He said he had brought something to melt down, which he had done for him once; and he had brought him some a second time, and upon melting, he found it was half silver. I took a warrant out, and apprehended the prisoner; and going to the justice in the coach with him, I said, How came you by that lead and silver? He told me he had it of a labourer, who found it at the fire in the Butcher-row. I told him if he would tell me where that man was to be found, I would apprehend him; as it was proper the thing should be brought to light. He told me the man lived at Plastow. When I had done at the justice's, I took a post-chaise and went to Plastow, where I saw the prisoner's wife (his family are there). I asked her if she knew any body that had given her husband any thing to sell, because her husband was in hold, upon suspicion of robbing me. She said she knew no body; and I could not find any body. Between that and the Thursday following, a person came and told me that the prisoner had pawned an ingot of silver, in the name of Bogey. I went to the pawnbroker and found the ingot.


                  Francis
                   Spilsbury
               



            . I am of the same trade the prosecutors are. On a Monday, about the 11th of December, the prisoner came to me, about 8 or 9 at night, and brought a lump of lead; it appeared to me very dirty; he said a labouring man found it at the ruins of the fire in the Butcher-row; he begged of me to melt it for him, for he believed there was silver in it. We had some words about it. I took it; and on the Wednesday following, my boy cut it in half. It looked like lead, but it snapped when about half way thro'. I put it into a melting pot, melted it, and poured it out into the form it is now. (Produced in court) I made an assay of it; the report was, six ounces three pennyweights worse, that is, about half silver and half lead. Upon this I thought proper to send to Mr. Aldridge and his partner, to acquaint them of it. I have kept the ingot in my own possession ever since I melted it.
Q. Is it usual in your way of business to have so large a mixture of lead and silver together?
Spilsbury. No, I think not; it is altogether lead and silver in one mass now.


                  Samuel
                   West
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Aldersgate-street. I took this ingot of silver in of the prisoner at the bar ( producing one) on the 29th of October, 1768; he pledged it in the name of 
               
                  John
                   Smith
               



            . It weighs eleven ounces; I lent him thirty-three shillings on it. I saw him once afterwards, and I asked him why he did not come and fetch it out; he then said, it was another man's property.
Mr. Aldridge produced his iron ingot, in which he pours his melted silver; the silver ingot is put into it, and fitted exactly. Then he produced a silver ingot, cast in the iron one; [they were inspected by the court and jury] the bottoms and sides of the two silver ones corresponded so as to leave no doubt but they both were cast in that iron ingot.
The prisoner, in his defence, said that he had worked for the prosecutor twenty years; that, about eighteen months ago, a stranger brought that ingot to him, and desired he would go and pledge it, which he did for thirty-three shillings; and the man gave him a shilling for his trouble; that he never saw that man before nor since.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
