





405. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      SAGE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen shirt, value 1 s. and two linen shifts, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Abraham
                      Robbins
                  




               
            , May 31
. +


                  Abraham
                   Robbins
               



            . I am a farmer
 at Kingsbury


: my house has been twice broke open; the last time was on Whit-Monday; I was alarmed in the night; I missed a shirt off the clothes; the door was broke open, and there was all the appearance of somebody having broke into the house.



                  Edward
                   Williams
               



            , I am son-in-law to Mr. Robbins: my mother waked me; I jumped up, opened the window, and saw the prisoner run from the house; I put my shoes, stockings, and breeches on: I went out and saw a man behind an elm tree; I went after him; I traced him as far as Davis's; there I got intelligence of him, and then took him at the Black Lion, at Kingsbury; there were three more, which three were in the house; whether those two were in the house or no I cannot tell; the house is a lone house 30 yards out of the lane, and a considerable way out of the high road; there is no other house near it. When I took him, his white stockings were all wet and dirty, seemingly as if he had been going through wet grass. I am sure the man I took at Kilburn is the same man I saw at the door; I know him by the clothes, and one shoulder was higher than the other.


                  John
                   Sket
               



            . I saw him go through the farm yard; I said old acquaintance where are you going? he said down to Kew Green. The people came after him; I described him to them, and it appeared he was the same man they were in pursuit of.


                  Robert
                   Smith
               



            . I lie in the room over the room where the people got in; I was waked by a cluttering at the window; I saw three men in the house, neither of whom were the prisoner. I heard them unlock the door, and heard them afterwards go out; I saw these three men turn round the corner by the yard, and immediately afterwards the prisoner went away from the wall of the house and went straight forward.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going to Kilburn to see after a place; I heard it was disposed off, and so was returning back again.
The prisoner called three people who lived in White-cross-street, who said he lived in their neighbourhood, and gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
