






341, 342. (2d L.) 
               
                  
                     MOSES
                      LYON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL
                      LACEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. a half guinea and four and sixpence in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Richard
                         Ryan
                     



                  , in the dwelling house of a person unknown
            , March 16th
. ++


                     Richard
                      Ryan
                  




               
            . I lost my watch on the 15th of March, about eleven o'clock at night, or half after; I did not lie in my own lodgings; I went in search of one; I met a woman who offered to conduct me to one in St. Mary Axe


; I went there, a woman first demanded a shilling for the bed; then another shilling for sheeting the bed; then liquor was demanded, and then more; when I was preparing to go to bed there were two women; one was to lie with me, the other desired to lie in the room; I consented at last; she said she was to lie upon the chair. I am a hair dresser
; with the black pins I use in dressing hair, I pinned my pocket up and put it under me; three or four men came into the room, I am positive to the prisoners; they quarrelled and asked how I dare use women in that manner; there was a scuffle, I was knocked down, afterwards I found my watch gone.


                  Joseph
                   Gates
               



            . I apprehended the two prisoners; Lacey told me it was very hard that Lyons, whom he called M'Carty, knocked him down and robbed him too.
The prisoners in their defence denied the fact, and said they were not present.
Q. Where did you spend the evening?
Ryan. At the Dog Tavern Bow-lane, Garlick-hill.
The prisoners called several witnesses to prove an alibi.
Both 


               guilty of stealing but not in the dwelling house
            . 



               T
            .
