





763. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      ROWLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two stuff gowns, value eight shillings and six-pence; a cloath coat, value twenty five shillings; two pair of worsted stockings, value two shillings; and a silk and worsted handkerchief, value one shilling
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew
                      Dansier
                  




               
            , September 19th
. ++


                  Andrew
                   Dansier
               



            . The prisoner came to my house upon the night of the nineteenth of September; he begged a lodging: he left the house about a quarter after nine. There was a person sick in the house who called me up: I and my wife went up stairs, and left the prisoner at supper; and left a little girl, who was in a concealed bed in the room unknown to the prisoner. When we came down, all these things charged to be taken in the indictment were found missing; they were there when we went up stairs, and the prisoner was gone.
Mrs. Dansier confirmed her husband's evidence, and said, she came down for a candle, the prisoner was then there. That when they came down at last, all the things mentioned in the indictment were gone, and the prisoner was gone. That when she went up stairs the handkerchief was pined to the gown. That the prisoner came to lodge there that night.


                  Margaret
                   Matthews
               



            . I am neice to the prosecutor; I was in a concealed bed in the house; I remember the prisoner being there. While my uncle and aunt were up stairs I saw the prisoner look about the room; then he took a hat, and after that replaced it. I remember my aunt's coming down for a candle; then the prisoner put his hat upon his head, and sat at the table; but as soon as my aunt went up stairs again, the prisoner then took the things mentioned in the indictment; and as to the gown, he folded it up three times; and when he had wrapped the things up, he went out of the door with them. I am positive the prisoner is the man.
Prosecutor. I knew the prisoner before, and it was upon the score of some little acquaintance I had with him, that I invited him to lodge at my house that night.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was at another place at this time.
For the Prisoner.


                  William
                   Williams
               



            . The prisoner came into my house at seven o'clock, and did not depart till ten the night this robbery is alledged to be committed.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


