






369, 370. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Lee
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Cook
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Archibald
                            Hamilton
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of one in the night, on the 20th of May
, and stealing a pint silver mug, value 20 s. four silver tea spoons, value 4 s. one silver medal, value 4 s. two dollars, value 8 s. and 14 l. in money, numbered, the property of the said Archibald, in his dwelling-house
            . +


                  Archibald
                   Hamilton
               



            . I live in St. John's-lane


. On the 20th of this month (Which was on a Sunday) I lay out of town; and as I was coming home in the morning I met my warehouseman: I was surprised to see him, supposing something wrong had happened: he told me, when he came to work he found the street-door open, and the marks of feet in the garden, and he suppose my apprentice, the prisoner Cook, with somebody else, had done it. When I came home, I found my desk had been forced open. I judged, by a large pair of the scissars which lay by, the screws were forced out of the desk; the lock was still locked. I examined my desk and papers: I found every drawer of papers had been tumbled over, which was, I suppose, to look for bank notes: there were a great many notes of hand, which I found they would not take away. I left in a canvas bag, on the Saturday night, nine or ten guineas, which they took away: there were guineas and half guineas. I-missed forty half-crowns, two crown pieces, two silver dollars, a remarkable medal, a silver pint mug from the kitcken, and four tea-spoons. Cook was missing; he had been my apprentice about two years (he is about eighteen or nineteen years of age): then my two apprentices went in pursuit of him; they brought him home about nine or ten in the morning: there was found upon him eleven half-crowns, and two half-guineas, I believe.


                  Robert
                   Gee
               



            . I was at Mr. Hamilton's when Cook was taken up: I asked him if he had robbed his master; he said he was concerned in robbing him; that he let a person into the house, about one o'clock in the morning: he said that person went by different names: he acknowledged to his taking part of the half-crowns, and the other person took the gold out of the desk, and gave him three half-guineas for his share. I took from him eleven half-crowns, two half-guineas, and a shilling.


                  John
                   Heley
               



            . The boy Lee was brought in at the Brown-Bear in Bow-street. He was searched, and between the lining and crown of his hat I found this medal and half a guinea; this was on a Monday morning, three weeks ago. (The medal produced).
Mr. Hamilton. I believe this to be my property: there is no particular mark upon it; it is quite fresh as when struck.
Heley. In one cuss of his sleeve, I found a dollar, and in the other, I found a half-crown piece. (Produced in court).
Prosecutor. I cannot ascertain the dollar, Heley. Lee had pleaded to be admitted evidence against Cook; and said he could tell where the plate was, provided he could be admitted. When he came before Sir John, this was mentioned: Sir John told him it was impossible, as part of the property was found upon him. He told me that Cook let him in between one and two that morning.


                  Edward
                   Yardley
               



            . Cook said they had hid some things at Somerset stairs. We went to search, and, in coming back, we found Lee at the Kings and Key in Fleet-street. We took him up to Bow-street. I had seen him under the piazzas in Covent-Garden along with Cook.
Andrew Hill. When we took Lee to the 
               
                  Brown
                   Bear
               



            , facing Sir John's, I found him concealing money in his hat, and putting something in a handkerchief in his breeches. He was sitting facing me, and had an apron on. I moved over to him. I put my hand in his breeches and took out eighteen half-crowns and a dollar, and delivered them to Mr. Gee the next morning.
Q. from Lee. Did you see the money in my hand?
Hill. No, I did not. I saw your hand in your hat. I only suspected you.
Q. from Lee. Did you see me put any money in my handkerchief?
Hill. I did not.
Lee's Defence.
I am a watchmaker
. I went down to Birmingham to work, and worked there about three months; business falling off, I was obliged to leave the town; then I went to my aunt; she gave me these things, which she said she had laid up and bequeathed to me, to keep for her sake. They wanted me to be an evidence: I told them I knew nothing of the matter. I know nothing of the robbery.
Cook's Defence.
I saved up them half-crowns, and two half-guineas: they were all my own money, which my relations and friends gave me.
To Cook's Character.


                  Joseph
                   Harding
               



            . I have known Cook from an infant; he was brought up by his parents in a pretty manner, and had good education. I never knew him guilty of such a thing as this before.


                  John
                   Goodall
               



            . I have known him from his infancy; I always looked upon him to be a very honest lad.
Both 


               guilty of stealing 39 s
            . 



               T
            .
