





294 (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      SAMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William
                         Seaton
                     



                  , on the 3d of March, about the hour of twelve in the night, and stealing a linen shirt, value 3 s. a linen gown, value 5 s. a pair of worsted stockings, value 2 d. a child's shirt, value 2 d. a silk handkerchief, value 4 d. and three check aprons, value 2 s. the property of the said William in his dwelling house
            . *


                     William
                      Seaton
                  




               
            . My house was robbed on the 3d of March
; but I was not at home at the time it happened.
- Seaton. I am the wife of 
               
                  William
                   Seaton
               



            ; I latched my door about half after eleven o'clock at night, and then I went to sleep.
Q. What day of the month was this?
Seaton. I believe it was the 14th; I am not certain of the day.
Q. Was it a room on the ground floor?
Seaton. Yes.
Q. Are you sure your door was latched?
Seaton. Yes; the linen was drying in the room; it was taken wet off the lines.
Q. Did you hear any body?
Seaton. No; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them); the prisoner was stopped by 
               
                  Carter
               


             the watchman with the linen upon him; I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief off his neck when he was before the Justice.


                  William
                   Carter
               



            . I am a watchman of Whitechapel; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Ives
               



             gave the prisoner in charge to me; this Ives and the prisoner and two more had a dispute or quarrel among themselves; after I had the prisoner in charge we had an engagement, and both of us came down together; he got from me, but he was stopped; the things were lying upon the flags; Ives picked them up, and we carried the prisoner and the things to the watch house; I do not know where Ives is; he was admitted an evidence against the prisoner, I believe.
Q. What did the prisoner say when Ives charged him with having stolen these things?
Seaton. The prisoner did not say any thing about them; he only asked what he had done; I heard him say before the Justice, that Ives was as big a thief as himself; Mrs. Seaton was asked if she knew any thing of the clothes; she looked over them and said they were all the things she had lost excepting one handkerchief; upon her saving this, the prisoner took a silk handkerchief fifth neck and said to her may be this is it; she looked at it, said it was, and that there was a tear in the hem at one of the corners; when that handkerchief was examined, it appeared to be tore as she described. (The goods, particularly the handkerchief, produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix).


                  Elizabeth
                   Stone
               



            . I was at my brother's, who keeps a public house; a person sent for a pot of beer about twelve o'clock that night; I carried it; I took a candle in my hand; as I came near Mrs. Seaton's door, I met the prisoner with some clothes loose under his arm; as I knew she had been washing I suspected they were her's; I found her door wide open; I went in; she was asleep; I called to her; she did not hear me at first; I then went to the door and cried out, stop thief!
Q. Did you know the prisoner before that time?
Stone. No; I had a candle in my hand and I took particular notice of him; I am certain he is the man; he was close to Mr. Seaton's door, I did not see him come out of the house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am fully innocent; as I was going up Red Lion-street, I met 
               
                  Thomas
                   Ives
               



             and two more; when this Ives saw himself surrounded by the watchmen, he gave me charge of this bundle, and then said I was guilty of stealing it; Ives will not come here now for fear of being tried.




               Not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house, but guilty of stealing the goods
            . 


               T
            .
