





321. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      HAVILOCK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing our cloth waistcoats, value 20 s. one camblet waistcoat, value 4 s. one sattin waistcoat, value 4 s. one white flannel waistcoat, value 2 s. one worsted waistcoat, value 2 s. one pair of black worsted breeches, value 4 s. one pair of nankeen breeches; value 3 s. four linen shirts, value 6 s. four pair of silk stockings, value 20 s. one pair of cotton and worsted stockings, value 2 s. two muslin neckcloths, value 2 s. one silk handkerchief, value 4 s. four linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s. one linen tablecloth, value 2 s. two linen napkins, value 2 s. three linen pillowbiers, value 1 s. and one worsted cap, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew
                            Dalton
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            , May 3
. ~


                  Eleanor
                   Dalton
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Andrew
                   Dalton
               



            : my husband lives in Wapping


. Upon Saturday the 1st of May, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner had lodged in my house a fortnight; he said he was mate of a ship
; I knew nothing of him before I lett the lodging to him; the things were in chests in the room where the prisoner lodged; they are things that belong to lodgers, and are left in my care; there were some things my own; the things mentioned in the indictment were taken out of four chests; the chests were all locked: only the table cloth and the three pillow cases belonged to my husband. The prisoner laid down on the bed: about seven o'clock on Saturday, I went up to look for a clean pair of sheets to put on the bed; I found the chest open and missed the table cloth and three pillow cases immediately; the nails were all drawn from the hasp that goes into the lock. I went into the closet, to the chest in which these things were put, and found the lock quite loose; it was wrenched open; I am sure it was locked before, I told Mrs. Marshall, a neighbour over the way, that I had been robbed; she and I went up stairs, and charged the prisoner with it; he said he did not know any thing about it; I sent for an officer; then he said the things were in Ratcliffe Highway. On Monday he went with the officer and I; when we came to Ratcliffe-Highway they were sold at one 
               
                  Margaret
                   Owens
               



            , in Old Gravel-lane; we went there, and I saw this camblet waistcoat hanging at the door: she was taken up as a receiver. He said before the Justice he had sold a great many things to her; she denied it; after she had been at the Justice's a little while, she said she bought the coat and breeches, and had sold them; they confined her, and then she said if they would let her out, she would tell where the things were; they did, and she said the coat and breeches were pawned at Mr. Jones's.
Job Jones. I am a pawnbroker in Old Gravel-lane; 
               
                  Margaret
                   Owen
               



             pledged this coat and breeches with me ( producing them).


                  Margaret
                   Owens
               



            . The prisoner brought the coat and breeches to me the 1st of May, and I bought them of him for 9 s. 6 d. ( They were deposed to by the prosecutrix).


                  John
                   Wynn
               



            . I keep and old clothes shop: I bought the things I have here of the prisoner ( producing a bundle containing a coat, a pair of nankeen breeches, and several other things). The 26th of April was the first time I bought any of them.
Prosecutrix, They are my property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have been a good while at sea, and wrought hard for my living.
For the Prisoner.


                  John
                   Hutson
               



            . I have known the prisoner 21 years: he was a mate of a ship; he bore an honest character. I have known nothing of him lately.


                  Robert
                   Brown
               



            . I have known the prisoner 30 years; he always bore an honest character. I have known nothing of him this two or three years.


                  William
                   Skinner
               



            . I have known the prisoner about twenty years: I never knew any thing against him; he was mate of a ship I was husband of; I have known nothing of him this two or three years.


                  George
                   Brotherick
               



            . I have known the prisoner twenty-five years; I have not known any thing of him lately.




               Guilty 30 s
            . 


               T
            .
