






485, 486. (M.)
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      RING
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE
                      JENNINGS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing one watch, the inside case base metal, the outside case shagreen, value 40 s. and one cornelian seal set in gold, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Barrel
                  




               
            , May 25th
. +


                  Mary
                   Barrel
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William
                   Barrel
               



            : we live in Marsham-street, Westminster


. Dunbar and Jennings came to our house on the 24th of May, about six in the afternoon, and desired to see a first floor I had to let; they agreed with me for it for three months, for a gentleman. Jennings came again the next morning with Ring, and desired Ring might see his master's apartments; he said he was a servant out of livery; I went up stairs with Ring, and left Jennings in the passage; I shewed him his master's bed; he desired he might see his own bed; he said he approved of every thing, and desired I would be in the way at four o'clock, as his master would come then; when I came down Jennings had the knocker of the door in his hand, and they went away. I almost immediately missed my watch; it hung up in the fore parlour; I have never seen it since, nor them till I saw them before the Justice.
Ring's Defence.
Mr. Jennings said the lodgings were for a friend of his in Herefordshire; I had met with misfortunes and therefore agreed to live as a servant with that gentleman.
Jennings's Defence.
I never went into the room: I staid at the door. I am a surgeon
, and finished my education at St. James's hospital.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
