








71, 72, 73, 74. (L.) 
               
                  
                     ANDREW
                      MITCHELL
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     BISHOP
                      HUMPHREYS
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      JONES
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY
                      DORMER
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing two hundred and forty yards of linen cloth, value 9 l. and seven yards of Hessian canvas, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Platt
                  



               
             the elder
, 
               
                  
                     John
                      Platt
                  



               
             the younger
, and 
               
                  
                     William
                      Turner
                  



               
            , October 30
. *


                  Walter
                   Long
               



            . 
               
                  John
                   Platt
               



            , the elder and younger, and 
               
                  William
                   Turner
               



            , live in Cornhill; they are linen draper


s and co-partners: I am their clerk. On the 28th or 29th of October, we shipped sundry packages for Jamaica, among which was one bale containing two bales of German Osnaburghs, containing 227 ells, covered with six ells of Hesian canvas; they were sent to be shipped by 
               
                  John
                   Gaywood
               



            ; I saw them delivered out of the cart at the key; that bale was delivered to be shipped with some goods of Mr. Barclay's, a draper in Cheapside. I have seen them since in the hands of 
               
                  John
                   Gaywood
               



            ; here is a German mark upon this remnant of 125, the other 102; this is the same mark upon it as one had; I cannot swear to the piece.
Q. A vast number of bales bear the mark I suppose?
Long. Yes.


                  Thomas
                   Wylde
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Gaywood; I received a bale into my charge, on Thursday the 29th of October; we shipped it for Platt, Son and Turner. I knew no more of it till we were robbed again on the 3d of November; then we found some of the linen at one Mrs. Probat's the King's Arms, Tooley-street, facing Barnaby-street.
Q. You cannot tell that that was the same that was delivered to you?
Wylde. No; it was covered over with Hessian cloth. I delivered it to 
               
                  Michael
                   Murphy
               



             that went down with the boat.


                  Michael
                   Murphy
               



            . I was not there when the boat was loaded; I never saw it; I had the receipt for it on board the ship, delivered me by 
               
                  Thomas
                   Wylde
               



            , which is usual.


                  Thomas
                   Wylde
               



            . I took the goods into the boat; I had them in charge in the night; Murphy was employed by me; I gave him the receipt to deliver it on board the ship.
Murphy again. I missed the bale when I came to the ship at Rotherhithe.


                  John
                   Gaywood
               



            . I am a master lighterman. I know I had such a bale delivered to my people, to be shipped that day on board some vessel for Jamaica. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Wylde
               



             is my foreman; Murphy is a journeyman. I was informed of its being missed the next day.


                  Nathaniel
                   Millan
               



            . I am a ticket-porter. Bishop Humphreys came to me in the morning about four o'clock; I do not know the day of the month.
Q. Did you know what month it was?
Millan. I take it to be pretty near two months ago; he came to me and told me there were eight puncheons of brandy to pull up in the morning, and bid me step down; he said he wanted to speak to me; I dressed myself and came down; when I opened the door, Bishop said I might go up to bed again; I said, no, I have dressed myself, and will go about the 60 puncheons I have now got up; this was about four o'clock in the morning. When I came down with the light, I saw a parcel that Bishop had put by; it was a bale or parcel; he asked where he could put it; I said I did not know.
Q. What size was this bale or parcel?
Millan. A little bigger than my thigh; there was another larger; he put it by himself. About ten o'clock in the morning I came home; there was Jones and one of these two men along with him; they asked me if I saw Bishop; I said no, I had not for some time; he swore and said I will never trust him any more to sell things for me, but I have sold it myself; he asked me to carry it for him to the place; I said I could not.
Q. Do you know that man?
Millan. He was a sailor-like man; I am not positive what his name is.
Q. Was it either of the men at the bar?
Millan. No, I do not know; I fetched him down one; he said he would carry it with him, and took it away. I told Humphreys afterwards when I saw him, a sailor had fetched it away; he desired me to give 
               
                  Jones
               


             the other to bring to him; he asked me if I would go and deliver the other to Jones, which I did.
Q. Do you know what it consisted of?
Millan. It seemed a fort of canvas.
Q. Was there any mark upon it?
Millan. A black mark: I did not observe what it was.
Q. What time was it when you delivered this bale to Jones?
Millan. The same day about twelve o'clock.
Q. from Jones. Did not Humphreys desire me to fetch it?
Millan. Yes; he did.


                  John
                   Christie
               



            . I am an apprentice to the widow Boston, a lighter-woman; Dormer came to me on Friday the 30th of October, about five o'clock in the evening, and told me Mitchell and he had got a bale the night before, with two bales of cloth in it, and that 
               
                  Bishop
                   Humphreys
               



             went along with him to the Sun and Anchor, St. Dunstan's-hill, and he asked me to go along with him there, which I did; we drank two pints of beer at the house; we asked the maid for the porter that lodged in the house; the maid told us the man stood by us; then Timothy Dormer asked that man, whose name is Millan, for the two bolts of cloth left there the night before; Millan said he has no right to deliver them, because I was with them when they were brought there; Millan said, upon writing a note, he would deliver one of the holes of cloth; after I wrote the note Millan went up stairs.
Q. What was the note you wrote?
Christie. I directed it to Bishopsgate-street; I think No. 23, where he might find me; he delivered the bale; Millan delivered the note to another man, and 
               
                  Timothy
                   Dormer
               



             asked the other man for the note, and the other man delivered the note again.
Q. Who was that other man?
Christie. I do not know; he was a poor man, a porter at the Sun and Anchor. Dormer had the note again; he delivered it to me and I tore it.
Q. When?
Christie. That same night.
Q. In Millan's presence?
Christie. No. After we went out of the house I took the cloth upon my shoulder, and carried it part of the way to Bishopsgate-street; then Dormer took it upon his shoulder, and carried it to one Mrs. Kelly's, in Half-moon-alley, Bishopsgate-street; there it lay that night, and on Saturday the 31st, about nine in the morning, I went there; she measured the cloth; it measured 112 yards by her measurement; I believe she took pretty good measure; she bid me a guinea for it; I said it was not my property, I would not agree for it, but 
               
                  Timothy
                   Dormer
               



             would be there in the evening, and if he and she could agree for it, she might buy it in the evening. Dormer came over the water to me at Chamberlain's wharf, where my foreman and I were loading a boat; he brought a large bale, and from thence we went to St. Catharine's; Dormer and I rowed the boat down, and my foreman sat upon the bale; that was a bale delivered on board another ship; after that we went to Mrs. Kelly's, and agreed with her for 27 s. for this piece of cloth; she paid it; I shoved the two half guineas and a shilling to 
               
                  Timothy
                   Dormer
               



            , which he received, and I stopped 5 s. for my trouble.
Q. Did you know where the cloth came from?
Christie. No, I did not.
Q. Nor how they came by it?
Christie. I never asked them; the piece was marked in black; it was a German mark to the best of my remembrance, some sort of letters I did not understand.
Q. Was it such a mark as that?
Christie. I cannot rightly tell.
Mrs. Probat. Jones came to my house, the King's Arms, in Tooley-street, on Friday about two or three o'clock; he had a piece, I believe it might be whole then, I cannot say; he asked people to buy some; he brought a roll of cloth; he went away then, and came on Friday night; he left it on the box in the tap room; he came in and out and left it all night.
Q. What day of the month was this?
Probat. I cannot say; it was some day in October. On Tuesday morning I bought twelve yards; he owed me half a crown I had lent him; I gave him half a crown more. The day it was bought Mr. Gaywood came into my house and saw it; he asked me if Jones had been there that morning; he said he had been robbed of a bale of cloth; immediately I shewed him what I had bought.
Q. From Jones. Whether there were not two men drinking in the house at the time you bought it of me, that owned the cloth?
Probat. No, never a one; two men came in after and enquired for you, when you was gone.


                  Jonathan
                   Hambleton
               



            . Jones and two men dressed in sailors apparel came into my house, the King's Head in Tooley-street, within about 100 yards of Mrs. Probat's, on the latter end of October, or the beginning of November, I cannot say to the day they brought this piece of cloth, and asked me if I would buy some of it; I looked at the cloth, and asked one of the men where it came from, if it was Russia cloth; they said they brought it from Jones; I sent for my wife to look at it; I put it in the bar; the next day about twelve o'clock Jones came, and took it away; some time after dinner he brought it back again, and said I should have it for 5 d. a yard if I would take a compliment; I agreed to take 30 yards.
Q. Was there any more with him at the taking the money?
Hambleton. There were two when he first went in.
Q. Did he sell it as cloth of his own or one of these men?
Hambleton. As for one of those men.
Q. Were either of the prisoners there?
Hambleton. I cannot swear that they were; two of the prisoners were there the second day, Humphreys and Mitchell.
Q. How much was sold the second time?
Hambleton. Eighteen yards to a woman, a customer; it was sold as the cloth of the sailor, Mitchell.


                  Mary
                   Jones
               



            . Mr. Jones came into my house, and asked me to buy a bit of cloth; I said I did not want any; he asked me again, and I bought twenty yards at fourpence half penny per yard.
Q. When was this?
Jones. About seven weeks ago. I am a publican, in Barnaby-street; he brought the cloth into the kitchen.
Q. Was any body with him?
Jones. No, not in the kitchen; I do not know who might be forward.
Q. to Long. You have seen this cloth?
Long. Yes.
Q. And the cloth that Jones brought?
Long. Yes.
Q. Can you swear it is the cloth of Platt and Turner?
Long. No, I cannot; it corresponds with our book, but it is impossible to swear to it.
Mitchell's Defence.
I know nothing at all about this cloth; I never had the cloth, nor ever sold it.
Millan. I will not swear to the man; it is like the man.
Humphrey's Defence.
Mitchell asked me for a house to put some goods in; I went along with them; they gave me a six-pence and a pot of beer; I called up Millan and left it with him.


                  John
                   Shepherd
               



            . I am a constable at Tower-wharf; when I had Bishop and Mitchell before my Lord Mayor, Mitchell said he was concerned in stealing this bale, and he said he had no more than 6 s. of the money, and he said Humphreys was concerned with him.
Q. What bale was he charged with?
Shepherd. The bale belonging to Mr. Gaywood.
Jones's Defence.
Mitchell was the person that ordered me to go to Millan; I came down at ten or eleven o'clock; I do not know the day; Mitchell and Bishop were in the public house; Mitchell asked Bishop if he had got the bale Millan left; he said, no; then Mitchell ordered me to fetch it, and he asked me if I could sell some more for him; I did, and paid him the money.
Dormer's Defence.
I never knew any thing about it till I was taken into custody: I never saw any of the witnesses before to night.
Q. to Millan. Do you know any thing of Dormer?

Millan, Mitchell and Dormer called for the bales; I fetched one for them, but could not carry it because I was busy; they said they would take it away themselves.
For Jones.


                  Thomas
                   Wiltshire
               



            . I saw Jones pay 
               
                  Mitchell
               


             some money for cloth he had sold for him.


                  Griffin
                   Ellis
               



            . I have known Jones ten years; I never heard but that he was an honest man.
Q. Did you live near him?
Ellis. No; I saw him in the street; he lived once in the Borough; I do not know where he lives now.
Dormer called James Austin who had known him six or seven years; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Gardner
               



             who had known him a year ago; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Max
               



             seven years ago, and 
               
                  Joseph
                   Car
               



             from a child down to the present time, who all gave him a good character.
All four 

               Guilty
            . 





               T
            .
