






98, 99. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM
                      DUGARD
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      BANFIELD
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               wilfully, maliciously, and feloniously making an assault upon 
                     
                        Dodding
                         Jonathan Bruce
                     



                  , and with menaces, and in a forceable and violent manner, feloniously demanding his money, with intent the money of the said 
                     
                        Dodding
                         Jonathan Bruce
                     



                   to steal
            , against the statute, December 14
. ||


                     Dodding Jonathan
                      Bruce
                  




               
            . I had been out with my wife to spend the evening, on Wednesday the 14th of December last, returning home, I was attacked in Hanover-Street


, by four persons, I am sure the prisoners are two of them, they first surrounded my wife, and made use of some indecent language, upon which I told them, that Pain the constable was coming and bid them take care what they did, or to that effect, upon that, one of them, who is taller than either of the prisoners, said with an oath, that he would put me to pain. I will have your life or your money. Upon saying this, I struck him with my fist, on the side of his face, and I knocked up his heels. Upon which the smallest of the two prisoners (Banfield) said D - n you, why don't you go it, then they all surrounded me, I struck at, and fought them all, I had not any thing in my hand, nor did I at their first coming up to me, perceive that either of them had any, but afterwards I saw a long knife in Dugard's hand, he aimed a blow at me, which would I believe have stabbed me to the heart, but I received the stab in my hand, which penetrated as far as the bone would admit, he struck at me again and cut my ear, then one of them struck me a violent blow, which broke my head, it bled very much, some of the blood is yet to be seen, in my hat, I secured Dugard, my wife screamed out, and the watch came to my assistance, and then Dugard threw away the knife. The other prisoner was taken almost immediately.
Cross Examination.
Q. Whether you did or not, begin the conversation with them, and whether, what they did was not in their own defence?
Bruce. I did not begin with them, and upon my oath, I verily believe they intended to rob me.
Q. Was you sober?
Bruce. As sober as I am now.


                  Elizabeth
                   Bruce
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor, as we were coming thro' Hanover-street, four persons attacked us, they surrounded my husband. he had got a little way from me, I heard them say something, why don't you go it. I was much terrified, I screamed out, at last the watchman came.
Q. Did you see any thing of a knife?
Mrs. Bruce. I did not, but my husband's ear and head were very bloody.


                  John
                   Hood
               



            . I am a watchman, I saw the two prisoners, in company with two others pass by my watch-house, not a minute before the prosecutor was attacked, I took notice of them then, I heard Mrs. Bruce call out. I rung my rattle and ran to their assistance, I saw Mr. Bruce, at that time he was very bloody, and was almost spent, he had then hold of Dugard, the other prisoner was taken in less than half a minute.
Dugard's Defence.
Mr. Bruce attacked us, without the least provocation, he cut my head, we both dropped our hats, in the scuffle he put mine on instead of his own, and that made his head bloody.
Banfield's Defence.
We did not attempt to rob him, his wife or he blowed a wistle, and had us taken up.
Question to Mr. Bruce. Did you blow a wistle.
Bruce. No, there was no such thing.
Question to 
               
                  John
                   Hood
               



            . Was Dugard's head bloody?
Hood. I did not see any such thing.
Both 

               Guilty
            




               T
            .
