





405. (L.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      ALDERIDGE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing an iron bar, value 2 s. the property of our Sovereign Lord the King, being fixed to a certain building of our said Lord the 
                     
the King




, April 30th
. ~


                  John
                   Bower
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Monk, who keeps the sign of the Post Boy, in Sherborne-lane, at the back of the Post Office. As I was coming out of a house next door but one, about a quarter before nine, on Saturday night the 30th of April, I saw the prisoner wrenching up a bar with a piece of wood that was fixed to the bottom of Mr. Jackson's window, who is comptroller of the Post Office; he had just wrenched the last nail as I past him; I informed my master of it; the prisoner then walked away; my master came out, saw it was loose, and pursued the prisoner and took him in Lamb-alley; he threw the piece of wood into a house in the alley.


                  Joseph
                   Monk
               



            . I keep the Post Boy in Sherborne lane. On the 30th of April, about a quarter before nine in the evening, my boy had been to carry some beer out to a neighbour; he came in and informed me a man had wrenched up a bar of the Post Office window; I went to the window to see if the bar was wrenched up, and he made off up the lane, and turned into Lamb-alley; I did not lose sight of him; I pursued him and took him; my boy was with me when I took him.
Prisoner's Defence.
When he had laid hold of me I asked him the reason of it; he said if I would go back he would shew me; when we came to the place, the bar was down as usual; it never had been moved.
Witness. The nails were all drawn and it was taken up.


                  John
                   Commings
               



            . I am an officer at the Post Office: I inspect the workmen; I know the window in Sherbone-lane; it belongs to the Post Office; it is rented with the Post Office for the service of the king.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
