








263, 264. (M. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     William
                      Simms
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Lawson
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a boat, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Gardener
                  





               
            , April 14

. *


                  John
                   Gardener
               



            . I am a waterman
. Between twelve and one in the morning, on the 14th of this month, the two prisoners came and put a pair of sculls into my boat, after I had left her fast at Ratcliffe-cross



. I was in at a public house to wait for my boat being afloat. I went down to the water-side, and saw them. Then they went to shove her off. I called to 
               
                  George
                   Webb
               



             and 
               
                  William
                   Plumber
               



            , and said, two men were going to steal my boat. They came. The prisoners had launched my boat four or five yards. We laid hold of Simms; Lawson ran away. We carried Simms to the watch-house, and then went and took Lawson, with the sculls on his shoulder.
Q. Whose sculls had they got?
Gardener. I do not know.
Q. What did they say they were going to do with your boat?
Gardener. They said, they were going to get a cast into their own boat. They said, they belonged to a ship which laid down at the Red-house; a Greenland-man.


                  Geo.
                   Webb
               



            . The prosecutor called me and Plumber to assist him. I saw Simms in the boat, and Lawson jumped out of her into a barge, with intent to launch her; they moved her about five yards.


                  William
                   Plumber
               



             gave the same evidence.
Simms's Defence.
I belong to a ship called the Forbes, captain Boyce. We were drinking a pot or two of beer. We took the boat in order to get at our ship's boat; and these people came and took us in custody.
Lawson's Defence the same.
Both 

               Acquitted
            .

(
               
                  M. 
               


            1st.) They were a second time indicted for 


               stealing a copper kettle, value 3 l. the property of a person unknown
            , March 14

. *


                  James
                   Harvey
               



            . Lawson came and called me out from the Ship and Star at Cock-hill, Shadwell, between ten and eleven in the forenoon, on the fourteenth of March, and told me, he had got a job for me to carry to Whitechapel, to 
               
                  George
                   Armstrong
               



            's, near Black-lion-yard. I went with him, and carried a copper from Simms's landlord's house. The prisoners both went with me; it was wrapped up in a canvas cloth.
Q. What sort of a shop does Armstrong keep?
Harvey. He keeps no shop at all. From there I carried it to 
               
                  Abigail
                   Jones
               



            's; she keeps an old iron shop. The iron work was there knocked off the copper, and the copper weighed by itself. Then they went to a public house, and were paid the money; it was either 21 s. 6 d. or 22 s. 6 d. Armstrong paid the money to Lawson; they shared it between them coming along.
Q. How large was the copper?
Harvey. It would dress victuals for fourteen men or more.


                  Jos.
                   Doyle
               



            . I am a shoemaker. Simms lived with me two years and a half, till he was taken up. It is about six weeks ago, he came and knocked at my door; I let him in; this was between twelve and one in the night. I went to bed again. I then heard a rumbling in the kitchen. I made my girl get up and see what was the matter. She went, and said, there was a great kettle in the kitchen. Then both the prisoners were in bed together. I made them both get up and carry it away, or, I told them, I would send for an officer, and take them to gaol. They got up, and got a porter, and took it away. When I went to bed, which was about ten o'clock, the kettle was not in the kitchen.


                  Mark
                   Harris
               



            . I do business for the ship Henrietta; she lay at Deptford at that time. There was a copper lost out of her; it was missed the 19th of March. The ship carried forty-five hands; the copper would dress for so many. It weighed betwixt seventy and eighty pounds weight. The ship is gone to Greenland.
Q. to Harvey. How much did the copper you carried, weigh?
Harvey. It weighed about sixty pounds, as near as I can guess.
Simms's Defence.
There was a mate of a ship came on shore, and asked us to go and do a jobb; his hands were gone on shore. He gave us two shillings each to unmoor the ship; she lay off Prince's stairs. When we had done, Lawson asked me to go and lie with him. There were some men coming up the stairs, called Cole-stairs. As we were near them they dropped something, we picked it up; it was a little kettle. Then the watch was going past eleven. We carried it to Doyle's house, and laid it backwards; the next morning we carried it to Whitechapel, and left it there.
Lawson's Defence.
Simms fell right over the kettle; then we took and carried it to Doyle's; he knew of our coming with it, as well as we. It was a bit of old copper that had not been used for years and years. Harvey was paid for carrying it to Whitechapel. It did not weigh above seventeen pounds, and we had but five pence a pound for it.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
