





612 (M.) 
               
                  
                     Benjamin
                      Chandler
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 17 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Corneck
                  




               
            , August 10
. ++


                  John
                   Corneck
               



            . I am a seafaring man
. I live in Rotherhithe. On the tenth of August, I lost these buckles in a house in Ratcliffe-highway


. I lost them out of my shoes in the morning.
Q. At whose house did you lie?
Corneck. I don't know the man's name. I never was there before.
Q. How came you there?
Corneck. My wife and I were benighted, and we went together to lie at a house in Bluecoat-court.
Q. Did any body lie in the same room but you and your wife?
Corneck. There was nobody there at night. I saw the prisoner at the bar there in the morning, and the buckles were found on him; the woman that stands here handed the buckles to my wife under the table, and she to me.


                  Elizabeth
                   Roam
               



            . I lay in the same room as the sailor and his wife lay; it is a common lodging house in Blue-coat court: the sailor went up before me a good while.

Q. Did either he or you use to lodge there?
Roam. No; the prisoner gave me the buckles when we were in the constable's house. I begged of the prisoner, if he had the buckles, to give them me: he did, and I gave them to the sailor: the gentlewoman saw him give them to me.
Q. You are not in custody, are you?
Roam. No.
Prosecutor. I was obliged to get a coach to bring her here; she is not well.


                  Jane
                   Corneck
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John
                   Corneck
               



            .
Prisoner. She is a common woman of the town.
Corneck. I am his wife; I was with him at this lodging house; about four in the morning, on the 10th of August, we had a pint of beer, and he missed his buckles cut of his shoes; he got up and searched all about beside the curtains of the other bed; I saw the prisoner get up; and go down with his coat in his hand; we went to Mr. Heans's, where he was quartered, but he was not there; I went down, and saw the soldier doing something to the knees of his breeches. I said, John, I believe here is the man. Mr. Evans said he was an officer, so we gave charge of him; he said he had as lief be transported: he could live as well abroad as here. The girl said, if you have the buckles, give them to the prosecutor, that there may be no more of it; he pulled them out from under his breeches knees, wrapped up in a piece of news paper. All that he had to say, was, that he was in liquor.
(The buckles were produced by Evans the constable, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw the buckles till. I saw that woman give them to the other.
- Archer. I am serjeant in the first company; he belongs to colonel Mills's company; he has belonged to it three years, and has behaved very well.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
