





276. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH
                      TWILLER
                  , otherwise 
GREEN




            , was indicted for 


               stealing fourteen yards of printed cotton, value twenty-five shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Cook
                  




               
            , widow
, February 12th
.


                  JOHN
                   BRIXEY
               



             sworn.
I live with Mrs. Cook: on Monday the 12th of February, between two and five o'clock, the prisoner came into the shop, and asked to see some printed linens; I shewed her several patterns, she said they were not the patterns she wanted; there were several things on the compter at the time; I had some suspicion of her taking something, because she shook her petticoats: a woman came into the shop just before the prisoner went out; when the prisoner was gone out that woman said, she saw her put something under her petticoats; I went after the prisoner and brought her back; I said I wanted to speak to her in the next room; she was not willing to go in; as I was pushing her into the room, she let fall this piece of printed cotton upon my shoes; I did not see it fall, because I was close to her; I stooped and picked it up; I said, that was what I wanted; then she wanted to go: I said, she must not; I took her into the parlour, and she offered me two guineas for the piece of print she had taken to let her go: I sent for a constable, who took her into custody. [The cotton was produced in court and deposed to.] I am sure the cotton was on the compter when she came in.


                  SARAH
                   TODD
               



             sworn.
While I was looking at the prints in Mrs. Cook's window, I saw the prisoner draw this piece of cotton up her petticoats, some of it was on the ground: I went in and asked the price of a piece of printed linen, and when the prisoner went out of the shop, I informed them she had taken something, and had it under her petticoats, and the gentleman went after her and brought her back.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of what they lay to my charge.
She called four witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            . 


               T
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
