





197. (M. 1st. ) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Derman
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a metal watch, value 30 s. three silk gowns, value 3 l. a flannel petticoat, a stuff petticoat, a pair of stays, and a cloth apron
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Petit
                  




               
            , spinster
, Feb. 10
. ++
At the request of the prisoner the evidences were examined apart.


                  Mary
                   Petit
               



            . I live in Eagle-street, by Red Lion-square


. On the 18th of February I locked my apartment and went out, about seven in the evening, to the other side Holborn-bars. I did not return till ten. When I came home, I found my apartment broke open, and all the things laid in the indictment, except the watch, were lying together in my room dirty.
Eliz. Phillips. I live in Rose-alley, Eagle-street. I heard somebody cry stop thief, a little after seven o'clock. I went out, there lay the things all scattered about; people put them in my apron, and the prosecutrix's landlord want with me to her room, and there I put them down.


                  Ann
                   Lawrence
               



            . On Saturday the 10th of February I heard the cry, Stop thief! Mrs. Petit is a lodger of mine. I went down and found her door wrenched open. In an instant Mrs. Philips brought in the things.
John Brown. I live in Fisher-court, Eagle-street; my boy, name Storer, had been out; he came home, and said he saw two lads about that he thought were going upon the budge. He and I went out to watch them: we saw the lads pass on towards this house that was broke; they not passing a window at a little distance, I knew they must be gone into some house. My lad and I went and stood opposite the door; we saw the prisoner come out first, then the other. I went to catch the prisoner, but could not. My boy called, Stop thief! In about forty yards, they dropped the things mentioned. A gentleman knocked the other down. I followed the prisoner, but they both got away. My boy, who had been a bad boy, knowing them, the prisoner was had before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             for beating his wife, and there he was taken.


                  David
                   Storer
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Brown. I am going into seventeen years of age. I was out, and saw the prisoner and another lad looking about: I stopped; the prisoner came up to me and asked me, if I stood to hear music at the puppet show. I have known him three or four years. I went home and told my master, there were a couple of young men looking about that were bad men, and asked him to go and watch them: we saw them go into Mrs. Lawrence's house, and come out again: the prisoner came out first; then I called stop thief! they ran, and, finding they were pursued, they dropped the things; one sell, and my master ran after the other, but neither of them were taken. I and my master found the prisoner on the Tuesday after at Sir John Fielding's office, and we took him.
Q. What is the meaning of that word you made use of to your master, going on the budge?
Storer. Going on the sneak, is to go into houses that are open to take things: going on the budge, is to burst the doors open. I was acquainted with the prisoner when I used to be in bad company. (The things produced and deposed to).



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See Storer tried No. 110, in Mr. Alderman Turner's Mayoralty.
