





243. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      MARSHALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver tankard, value 5 l. three silver table spoons, value 15 s. a silver cream pot, value 5 s. a silver butter boat, value 20 s. a silver pepper castor, value 10 s. and one silver salt holder, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Miller
                  




               
            , widow, March 8th
. *


                  Mary
                   Miller
               



            . I lodge at No. 99, in the Strand


: I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner is my first cousin, and lived with me; he absconded, and then I missed some things; I went and searched his room, where I found a large spoon that he had left behind him; he was taken, and before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             he confessed he took the things, and carried them to Duke's Place; he went there and shewed us the house where he sold them, and we found they were melted down.
Q. When he confessed, was it in consequence of any promise not to prosecute him?
Miller. No.
Q. Do you remember who he said he sold it to?
Miller. 
               
                  Aaron
                   Spencer
               



            . Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             was about to make an order to get the plate, but the prisoner said he believed it was melted down, for Spencer said he would melt it down before his face if he would stay. Spencer is not to be found.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am not guilty of the offence; they made me confess when I was in liquor; I did not know what I said.
Prosecutor. He seemed to be very sober before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            ; he was taken in Hampshire: I advertised him in the country newspapers.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
