





716. (M.) 
               
                  REDMAN
                   ROACH
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry
                            Broughton
                        




                     
                  , on the 13th of September
, about the hour of twelve in the night, and stealing a pair of gold scales, value 2 s. a Bath beaver coat, value 5 s. two silver tea spoons, value 2 s. a basket, value 2 d. and 4800 copper halfpence, the property of the said Henry, in his dwelling house
            . +


                  Henry
                   Broughton
               



            . I keep a chandlers-shop
; when I came down in the morning of the 14th of this month, I found my back door upon the latch, but neither locked nor bolted: I was up last in the family over night, and I am certain that I both locked and bolted the back door. I went to the till to give change, and missed all the halfpence; soon after that, I had occasion to look into a little box which was overnight full of farthings; they were gone; it might contain I believe more than 100. I had a drawer full of halfpence in 5 s. papers to the amount of between eleven and twelve pounds, there were about twenty five shillings of them bad half-pence; they were all gone; in the evening I missed my scales and weights for weighing gold, and there was a light quarter guinea in the drawer; this was on the Friday. The prisoner lived in a yard behind my house; I had no suspicion of him. On Monday a young fellow, one Burgh, gave me information that the prisoner was in custody: I went to the compter; in my way I met Macdowgal with a bundle, he opened it, and there I saw my great coat and a silver tea spoon which we had used the night my house was broke open; I had not missed them then; this was about one o'clock; the prisoner was committed to the compter; I went there to him. I asked him who were concerned with him, and I told him it would be better for him.
Court. If you told him it would be better for him, you must not mention a word of what he said.
Q. How was your house broke open?
Broughton. He had got to the top of my house by means of some low buildings adjoining; he then untiled the roof, and came through the cieling; there is a door between the shop and the kitchen, which was locked, he did not break open that, but he broke a large pane of glass in the door, and so got into the shop and the kitchen: my house fronts the street, and I have a back door into the yard.


                  Dorothy
                   Allen
               



            . I keep an eating house in East Smithfield; the prisoner came to my house yesterday was sen'night at night; he brought this basket in just as it is now about eight o'clock at night; I was serving my customers; he said, do you know me? I lay six months one time in your house, can I have a lodging to night? he said he had been a hopping: I asked him what he had in the basket, he said his cloaths. The next morning my girl told me he had taken some halfpence out of his basket. I felt in the basket and found there were some papers of half-pence in it: I asked him how he came by those halfpence; he said I told you last night I had been a hopping; I earned three pound, and they paid me all in halfpence; he said he would come at twelve or three o'clock; but he never came again, and therefore I advertised it; Mr. Broughton came and described the marks. I carried the basket up to Justice Sherwood's.


                  Thomas
                   Bull
               



            . I was constable of the night; this watchman, Macdowgal, brought the prisoner and this box (producing it) to the watch-house; he gave me the key to open it; I found in it twelve crown papers of half-pence and there was a pair of stockings that had some loose halfpence in them; I found a spoon in the stockings: as I was taking him to the Compter, I observed the surtout coat he had on did not fit him; therefore I thought it would be right to take care of it. On Monday a young man, one Bird, taxed him with breaking open Mr. Broughton's house, and he acknowledged he did.
Q. Did Bird give him any hint that it would be better to acknowledge it?
Bull. I did not hear any such thing.
Macdowgal. I am a watchman in Portsoken ward: last Monday morning between the hours of one and two I saw a person come up Aldgate High street with a box; I found it to be the prisoner, he was agreeing with a coachman to take him to Dark house-lane; he had this box; I asked him what it contained; he said a pair of shoes and a pair of stockings, and I understood him some aprons; I mentioned the word aprons to him again, and he said, yes. I took him to the watch-house upon suspicion.
(The prosecutor deposed to the great coat, the spoon, &c. which were produced in court.
The prisoner, in his defence, said he found them, and that he was but twelve years of age.)




               Not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house, but guilty of stealing the goods
            . 


               T
            .
