





33. (M.) 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      POSSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen gown, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charlotte
                            Sutton
                        



                     
                  , spinster, one pair of stays, value 5 s. one silk cardinal, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charlotte
                            Gibson
                        



                     
                  ; two linen gowns, value 9 s. and two muslin aprons, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary
                            Hickes
                        



                     
                  , spinster; one lawn apron, value 3 s. and one made silk cloak, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth
                            Pearson
                        



                     
                  , spinster; one sattin cloak, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Dorothy
                            How
                        



                     
                  , spinster; and one linen gown, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth
                            Henry
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John
                         Benjey
                     



, Nov. 27
. +


                  John
                   Benjey
               



            . I am a clergyman. I live at Kensington Gore


. My wife keeps a boarding-school for young ladies. The prisoner was my servant
: she went away without our knowledge: and we missed the several things mentioned in the indictment belonging to the young ladies.


                  Sarah
                   Hickes
               



            . I am a teacher at Mrs. Benjey's school. The prisoner came as a servant on Monday se'nnight, and went away on Wednesday.
Q. Do you know the things were missing on her going away?
Hickes. Yes, perfectly well.
Q. Were these the things that were missed in the house when she went away?
Hickes. Yes, they are; these stays were 
               
                  Charlotte
                   Gibson
               



            's. I am sure these are the same a linen gown was missed of Miss Sutton's; I missed a gown and bed-gown, linen; I lost two aprons a book muslin and a stript one; 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Parsons
               



            , a sattin cloak and a long-lawn apron; a gown of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Henry
               



            's; (they are all here, producing them.) they were misled on the Wednesday, in about a quarter of an hour after the prisoner was gone; they were found the next morning at the pawnbroker's. We had no character with her; we took her on a character of a servant that lived with us.
- Brooks. I am a pawn-broker, and live in the Strand. On Wednesday the 27th of last month, about eight o'clock at night, the prisoner brought me this sattin cardinal, and asked me one guinea. I asked who she brought it for: She said one 
               
                  Charlotte
                   Evans
               



            . I sent my young man with her, with the guinea, and duplicate: she could not find out the place she mentioned: He brought her back again to me. I questioned her further; she did not satisfy me. I sent for a constable; we took her to Covent-garden Round-house for that night. The next morning, at the Round-house, she confessed she had taken a lodging at the Talbot in the Strand; she had the key in her pocket: We went there, and in her lodging we found all these things, contained in this foul-cloaths bag. Then we took her to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's for examination. In a quarter of an hour Mr. Benjeys came in to consult Sir John what to do. She confessed to me that she had them from Mr. Benjey's.
Court. I wonder you should take a servant without a character.
Prosecutor. A servant that lived with me a good while, and behaved well, recommended this young girl: We took her on her character till the next week, when she said her mistress would be in town.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
