





340. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      BOYD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two live geese, value 6 s. one live gander, value 3 s. four live drakes, value 4 s. one live duck, value 1 s. and six live fowls, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Bright
                      Hemmings
                  




               
            , Feb. 4th
. ||
Bright Hemmings. I live in Curzon-street, May-fair


: I am a stable keeper
; I lost fowls, which I suppose to be these; I was out of town when I suppose them to be lost, which was the night of the fourth of this month. I know nothing of the fact.


                  John
                   Granger
               



            . The prisoner brought these goods to my place: I buy and sell all sorts of fowls, birds, and such things; he brought them yesterday fortnight; three geese, five ducks and six fowls; he said his father was a farmer in the country, and sent things up to sell in Newgate-market. I know nothing more of it.


                  Mary
                   Wilkinson
               



            . I am Mr. Hemmings's servant: I know the geese to be my master's property; they were lost on the 4th of February, in the night; I missed them in the morning; three geese, five ducks, and six fowls; they were in a barn; some of the boards of the barn were broke; I have seen the fowls at Granger's on Holborn-hill.
Q. When did you see them there?
Wilkinson. The 5th of February, the day after they were lost; I could swear to the geese at that time, and the ducks appeared very like them; the geese were marked in the feet; one of the ganders had a knotch in his foot; one of the geese had a piece out of its foot, and another a claw off the toe.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went with a drove of sheep; I met a man on the road; he pulled out three geese, five ducks and six fowls, and I bought them of him in the road below Hammersmith-turnpike; I paid him 2 s. 6 d. a-piece for the geese and 3 s. a-piece for the fowls; I do not know the man.
For the prisoner.


                  Jonathan
                   Kershaw
               



            . I know the prisoner; he used to come to my house; he behaved exceeding well always.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
