






648, 649. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      FARRELL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      STINT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Phillips
                  




               
            , July 24
. *


                  John
                   Phillips
               



            . I lodge at the Ship at Stepney


; Stint came into the yard one Friday night about two months ago, and asked if it was five o'clock; I said it was; Farrell said let me look, I don't believe it is; I gave him my watch to look at, and he gave it me again; Stint then said, bl - t you, I won't believe it is so late; I pulled my watch out to shew him, and he snatched it out of my hand; I asked him for it several times; he would not give it, but bid me get a pint of beer; while I was gone for the pint of beer they both went away; I went out in search of them, and met them both together; I asked Stint for my watch; he bl - d me several times, and said he knew nothing of it, and at last he collared me, and swore he would take me before Justice Fielding, for calling him a thief; he took me as far as Rag Fair; there I met an acquaintance; he charged him with having my watch; some people came to my assistance, and I secured him, and presently Farrell came up; we secured them both, and before we had taken them ten yards, some of Justice Sherwood's men (whom I had sent for) came up, and they found my watch in Farrell's breeches.


                  Archibald
               


             M'Nabb. I found this watch (producing it) in the inside of Farrell's breeches.
Prosecutor. This is my watch.
Stint's Defence.
It was only done in a frolick; we might have made away with it if we had intended to steal it; we were very much in liquor.
Farrell's Defence.
While I was waiting for some beer they both went away; I saw Stint on the road; he said he had got the watch, and it was as much his as the man's; when the prosecutor came after us, he desired me to keep it till we went before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            .
Stint called Turpin and 
               
                  John
                   Holmes
               



            , who knew him three years ago, and gave him a good character.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
