





242. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      HOOPER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a man's hat, value one shilling, a man's peruke, value two shillings, a silver watch, value thirty shillings, a steel watch chain, value six-pence, a steel watch key, value two-pence, and a steel watch hook, value two-pence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Daulby
                  




               
            , January 19
. ||


                  William
                   Daulby
               



            . I am a coachman
; on the 19th of January I had been at a benefit club, coming by the end of Grosvenor's-muse I met the prisoner and another woman, the prisoner asked me to go to her lodging, I told her it was late, I wanted to go home; she said I should go, I refused, then she snatched off my hat and ran away; I pursued her, and went to take the hat from her, and then she snatched off my wig and ran away; I followed her into a house, and asked her for my wig, she said she had not got it, I said I would not go without it; a man rose off the bed, with a long staff in his hand, he walked about the room and thumped on the floor, and I was frightened very much; then she opened her bosom, and said my wig was there, and bid me take it, while I was taking it out of her bosom she snatched the watch out of my pocket, I told her if she did not give it me again she would catch cold, meaning she would repent of it; she asked me to give her some gin, I sent the man with the staff to get some, I thought while he was gone I might prevail upon her to give me the watch; he bred a riot in the public house and was taken in custody, and did not return, one of the patrole came in, I told him I was robbed, he searched her, and found my watch upon her; it was a private house.


                  Robert
                   Coleman
               



            . I am one of the patrole, I went to the prisoner's house, I saw a light, which was the fire light, there was no candle, I went in, I saw the prosecutor, and thought it was her bully, he said he was robbed of his watch, I got a candle, and desired her to give it me, I opened her bosom, and found it under her breast.
The watch was produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence. 
What he says with respect to meeting me is true, he was going with me, he stopped and hesitated, I took off his hat and wig in a joke, and said, if you won't follow me, you shall follow your hat and wig, he went with me, and we sat down by the fire and joked a little; I desired him to take his watch out of his pocket, left he should break the glass, I laid it by the bed side; he lay on the bed with me an hour and a half, and then we got up and sat by the fire again, and I put the watch by my side, and said I should look very well with it; he sent the man for some gin, I put the watch in my bosom, not with any intention to keep it, he went to the door, I thought he was gone to make water, he brought in a man and said I had robbed him, when they asked for the watch I gave it them.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


