





293. (L. 2d.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Green
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four guineas, the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Hunt
                     



                  , privately from his person
            , March 31
. ++


                     John
                      Hunt
                  




               
            . On the 31st of March, the prisoner took a lodging where I lodge, in St. Thomas the Apostle's


; he was to enter upon the lodging as that day. I went to bed on the 31st of March, and awaked between five and six the 1st of April. My sister came into my room, and said, she was perfectly certain our new lodger had been in my room; and desired me to see if I had lost any thing. I had left my breeches at the corner of my pillow; I examined them, and missed four guineas. I went and got a constable. Then we went to the prisoner, and I asked him, if he remembered being in my bed-room? He said, No. I said, Look over your money, and see if you have not more than your own. I observed him take out four guineas from one pocket. Then he began to tell his money over, and at last he said. Here are four guineas more than I know of; if they are yours, take them. My breeches lay in the morning pretty near where I had left them. Then I charged the constable with him; he was examined at Guild-Hall on the Monday.


                  Mary
                   Hunt
               



            . I let the prisoner in a little after twelve at night; he seemed very much in liquor. I gave him a candle; he went up stairs to bed. I listened, and heard him make a noise. I went up to see what he was about; he was coming down, and said, he could not find his room. I went and opened the door, and let him in, and shut the door, and went down stairs. In about five minutes I went up again, and into my own room, and heard him open his door, and stand some time at the door, and then shut it again. Then he opened it again, and came out, and went to my brother's room, and pushed the door open. My brother's room is close to his room. I listened some-time, and heard him chink money in my brother's room. Then he came out, and went into his own room, and locked his door; and I heard no more of him. At about six in the morning, I went and awaked my brother, and asked him, if he knew what money he had in his pocket when he went to bed? He said, Yes. I told him, I thought I heard the prisoner in his room. He recollected, and said, he missed four guineas.
Q. Who is this Mr. Green?
M. Hunt. I know nothing of him.
J. Hunt. He was recommended to me by people that live directly opposite to me. I had five guineas and a five and three-pence in my pocket, besides the four guineas, when I went to bed.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am conscious of my innocence in this affair. I had been in Ratcliffe Highway, and was in liquor. I met an acquaintance. How I came home, or whether he came with me, or who was in company, I know not; nor do I recollect one single thing till the next morning. Mr. Hunt came into my room, and asked me, if I was in his room that night? I did not know the room that I took of him; his door is just by mine. Who let me in, or at what time, I do not recollect. I heard the watchman call three o'clock, when I found myself asleep. Said Mr. Hunt, You had better look over your money; see whether you have more than your own; because I have lost some money. I took my breeches from under my head, and told him, I had got four guineas more than I can say how I came by. He said, they were his property; and I gave them to him. Then he charged a constable with me, and sent me to the Compter.
He called three people to his character, who said he wrote for attornies
, and had behaved well, and had been trusted largely.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
