





11. (M.) 
               
                  
                     LEWIS
                      LEGAY
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a gold ring, with diamonds set therein, value 50 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Green
                  




               
            , October 12
. +
Thomas Green. The prisoner lived as a footman
 with me, from the 14th of May to the 6th of October, I did not miss this ring while he was in my service, but about the 28th of October, having occasion for it, I found the case, in which it used to be kept, in my bureau, empty, I sent up to town, and procured some intelligence, in consequence of which, I have been able to trace this ring through several hands.


                  William
                   Warree
               



            . I am a jeweller at Temple-Bar, the prisoner about six weeks ago, brought a diamond ring to me, and changed it with me for a gold watch and chain, he said he was going to France. I sold the ring to one Jacobs.
- Jacobs. I bought a ring of Mr. Warree, which I sold to Mr. Polock.
Polock. I sold the ring to Mr. Plank.
Plank. I broke the ring up, I returned the diamond and the setting to Mr. Polock.
- Polock. I have got the diamond so returned, and the setting is in the hand of Henderson.
Henderson produced the setting and Diamonds.
Green. I can swear to the setting and diamonds, the setting is made in a very particular fashion, according to my own fancy.
- Henderson. I originally set the ring, it is a very particular one, such as I never had before nor since, I am positive this is the setting I made for Mr. Green.
Green. I lost it out of my bureau, it was kept there in a case, I did not use it very often, I did see it one day I think in August, the prisoner did once see me put it up.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the ring in the passage.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
