







478, 479. (L) 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Lucas
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Eagle
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing two live cocks, value 2 s. and two live hens, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Bright
                  




               
            , June 8
. ~.


                  John
                   Bright
               



            . I live at Oldford, in Middlesex


. On the eighth of June, about half past three in the morning, I was alarmed by my maid. She came up and told me the fowls were all stolen. There were about ten lost. Among them two cocks and two hens. I think they were safe over night, I did not see them put up myself; I saw them some time the day before. About four o'clock I came to London, in order to find out who had taken them. I went to Leadenhall market, and found my two cocks and hens in a basket alive; there were nine in the basket. I asked the person that had it the price of them; he did not give me a direct answer about them: I looked several times: at last I said I was sure they were mine. The man then said, If they were mine, he knew nothing of them; he bought them at four in the morning at the Ship in Rosemary Lane, and said he would go with me there. I went with him. The two prisoners, with Parsons, were there; I took hold of him, but he got away from us. Upon going in, and Lucas being pointed out, we secured him. Eagles ran out at the back door. Lucas then informed us where to find Eagle. He was taken up on the other side of the water.


                  David
                   Poor
               



            . I keep a green-stall in Rosemary-lane, and go to market to buy fowls, and carry them about to sell. I was going early to market between four and five o'clock on the eighth of June, to buy some fowls. As I was going by the Ship, I was called into that house, where I saw the two prisoners, and another person; I am sure they are two of the people that are there. I bought nine fowls of them at a shilling a fowl; I carried them into the market, there they were owned by the prosecutor.


                  Daniel
                   Briggs
               



            , who keeps the Ship, confirmed this evidence.
The prisoners, in their defence, said they were going by the Ship alehouse; a person standing at the door asked them to go in and have some beer, which they did, but knew nothing of what the person had; that he called in Poor, and the man and he went into the back room, and that Poor came out in five or six minutes with a basket.
Eagle called 
               
                  Walter
                   Morgan
               



            , who had known him five or six months, who gave him a good character.
Lucas called 
               
                  Thomas
                   Downes
               



            , who had known him five or six years; - Stephens, three or four years; and 
               
                  Silvester
                   Wisdom
               



            , two years; who all gave him a good character.
Both 

               Guilty
            , 



               T
            .
