





731. (L.) 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      GUY
                  ; otherwise 
EDWARDS




            , was indicted for 


               stealing two guineas and three pounds thirteen shillings in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Coney
                  




               
            , October 4th
. ++


                  John
                   Coney
               



            . I am a salesman
 in Newgate market. On the 4th of October, having set up all night, I went at about eleven o'clock into the George, in Chick-Lane, to have some bread and cheese: I met the prisoner there; we drank together: she prevailed upon me afterwards to go home with her to her lodgings; I went very reluctantly. I am sure I had the money mentioned in the indictment in my pocket when I went into the house; I missed it before I got out of the room.


                  Randolph
                   Steel
               



            . I went with the prosecutor to the prisoner's lodgings; there was a pot of beer sent for: I said, I could not stay, and went away and left him there. Mr. Coney pulled out some money to pay for the beer, and I saw two guineas and some silver in his hand; he came afterwards to me, and told me he had been robbed by the prisoner. We found the prisoner afterwards in bed.


                  Elizabeth
                   Edwards
               



            . In the afternoon of the day the prosecutor lost his money, the prisoner came to my lodgings, and desired my daughter would do something for her: she said, she had money to pay her; she took out two guineas and some silver; she said, she had watched the man to sleep, and then took the money out of his pocket.
The daughter of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Edwards
               



             confirmed her mother's evidence.
Q. to the prosecutor. Did you go to sleep at the prisoner's lodgings?
Coney. I did drop asleep.
Prisoner's Defence.
The prosecutor was very drunk; I did not take any money from him. It is not likely I should have been found at my own lodgings if I had robbed him.
The prisoner called several witnesses who gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


