





714. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Barrat
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for stealing one large silver spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Smeeton
                  




               
            , Sept. 22d
.


                  Elizabeth
                   Smeeton
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Smeeton
               



            , a hosier
 and haberdasher
, in East Smithfield


. The prisoner and another man came into our shop, on the 22d of September, about nine o'clock in the morning; while I was serving the other man, the prisoner went into my back room; I could see him in the room, and I watched him all the time; he walked round the room, and then he went to the glass and seemed to admire himself: he came out in two or three minutes, and said your tea-kettle boils over, I will take it off. I said pray let it stand, it will do no harm. He went into the back room again, I saw him take the kettle off, and then he went towards the beaufet; I saw him put his hand to his pocket, but I did not see what he took. He came out in about a minute; the other man paid for his stockings, and they both went away. I went to the beaufet and missed the the spoon immediately; I had just wiped the spoon and put it in the beaufet before I went to serve them. (the spoon produced and deposed to.) I went immediately into the street and alarmed the neighbourhood; the prisoner was taken and brought into my house; we were going to search him, but the prisoner pulled out the spoon and gave it to me; he desired we would let him go.


                  Richard
                   Walker
               



            , who was present when the prisoner was brought back, confirmed the prosecutor's evidence.
"The prisoner said, in his defence, he knew nothing of the spoon till they got into the street; the young man that was with him shewed him the spoon; that he took the spoon from him, and was going to return it to the prosecutor, when he was taken into custody, and charged with stealing it.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
