





388. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      SCHUTZ
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               obtaining by false pretences a watch with a silver box, value 40 s.
             from 
               
                  Stephen
                   Adams
               




            , Feb. 24
 ~


                  Stephen
                   Adams
               



             I am a silver-smith
, and live in St. Ann's Lane, Aldersgate-street


. I had a box came by the waggon, and in it there was a parcel directed to Mr. Eardley Norton, in St. John's-street; the prisoner came to me on the 24th of February and asked me for a parcel that came from Mr. Fothergill, of Knaresborough; I asked him who he came from; he said Mr. Norton; I asked him what his christian name was; he said Yerley Norton; I said you are pretty near it, remember for the future your master's name is Eardley Norton; I delivered the parcel to him.
Eardley Norton. I am a clock and watchmaker: the prisoner was my errand boy
; I had this letter (producing it) from Mr. Fothergill of Knaresborough, advising me that he had sent me a watch with a silver box and four metal cases to mend; I sent him to receive a banker's draught for 20 l. and he went off; I never sent him for the parcel.
Q. How came he to know that you had information of that parcel?
Norton. I do not know, unless he heard me read the letter to my man. I enquired at his lodgings, and found that the prisoner, and his father and mother were all run away; the prisoner was taken a month after in Whitechapel.


                  Evan
                   Jones
               



            . I am a constable: I had delivered to me a warrant to apprehend the prisoner; I found the prisoner and his father in a room that was locked, and I found this watch.
The prisoner, in his defence, said, his master sent him for the parcel, which his master denied.
He called two witnesses who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
