






176, 177, (M. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      YARDLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Tipping
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing two live hens, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Gyant
                  




               
            , Feb. 17
. ++


                  John
                   Gyant
               



            . I am a labouring-man
, and live at Edmonton


. On the 16th of this instant, I saw the two prisoners loitering about my house; the next morning I missed two hens, which I had seen just before they went to roost.


                  Henry
                   Lowe
               



            . I live at Edmonton. I was going with a cart and some potatoes to London, last Saturday. The two prisoners desired I would let them put two baskets up in the cart. I let them. When we were come on about a mile and a half, I being in the cart, put my hand on the baskets, and found there were fowls. I took my horse and rode on to Shoreditch, and got a constable; he brought a watchman. Then it was six o'clock; they were then at the White Hart at the Stone's end; I gave charge of them. We found two dozen of fowls in the baskets. The prisoners said they bought them of two waggoners at Edmonton. I met one Mr. Pigot at Newington, who told me he had lost some; he went and looked at them, and said he could swear to several of them.
Prosecutor. Two of them hens were my property; I saw them at justice Girdler's.
The prisoners in their defence said they were coming to London, and met with a man at Endfield-wash, of whom they bought the fowls for 20 s. 6 d.


                  William
                   Brownsell
               



             and 
               
                  Hannah
                   Warden
               



             appeared for Yardley, and said he traded in fowls, and they used to look upon him to be an honest man.


                  James
                   Mitchelson
               



             and 
               
                  Charles
                   Griffin
               



             said Tipping dealt in fowls, and they never heard but that he was an honest man.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
