





126. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      BRIGHT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden cask, value 1 s. 6 d. and five gallons of British geneva, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Jenkin
                   Jones
               




            , Jan. 11
. ||


                  Robert
                   Jones
               



             . I am servant to Mr. Jenkin Jones; he is a distiller
 in Old-street; I drive the cart in general; I had a man with me to take care of the cart while I delivered the liquor; I let down a thirty gallon cask into Mrs. Johnson's cellar in Petticoat-lane


; the former goods we lost were upon that spot of ground, and I left this man to watch till I came up; he called me to assist him; I left two casks, a two gallon, and a five gallon one upon the cart when I went in; the two gallon cask was gone; the prisoner was caught with the five gallon.
Q. Had he the five gallon cask with him when you came out?
Jones. No. He called me to assist him; I took the prisoner in doors while he took the cask out of the kennel.


                  Richard
                   Dance
               



            . I went with Mr. Jones's cart: when 
               
                  Robert
                   Jones
               



             went into Mrs. Johnson's, I was standing at the horses head; there were three or four people about the cart; it was about eight o'clock in the evening; I went to the tail of the cart and missed the two gallon cask; I came back, and in about five minutes time, as I was standing at the cart wheel, I saw the prisoner take the five gallon cask out of the cart, and give it to another man; I laid hold of the prisoner, and cried, stop thief! and the other dropped the cask and run away; I alarmed the house; 
               
                  Robert
                   Jones
               



             came out and took him; I minded the cart while he got an officer; I took the cask out of the kennel; I was almost close to him when they dropped it. (The cask produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
When the officer came, Dance said he could not swear I was the person that took the cask, and the officer went away; he kept me an hour and then sent for the officer again, and said he could swear I was the man that took it.
Q. to Dance. Did you ever deny that you knew he was the person that took the cask?

Dance. No; nor the constable was never out of the house.
For the prisoner.


                  Elizabeth
                   Little
               



            . One of the men was calling out stop thief; I came out, and this man was coming by with some sprats in his apron, holding it up with both his hands; the man that cried stop thief went by him, and the other man dropped the cask. I know nothing of his character.
Q. How came you to come out?
Little. I heard them cry out stop thief; they were coming by the door.
Q. to Dance. Did you cry stop thief before or after you laid hold of the prisoner?
Dance. At the same instant.
Q. Was any thing in his apron?
Dance. He had a little leather apron on, tucked up, with some sprats in it; when I laid hold of him he pulled it down, and said he had been buying a halfpenny worth of sprats for his supper.


                  John
                   Hicks
               



            . I have known the prisoner ten or eleven years: he lived in the neighbourhood twenty-five years: he warms horns
; he is in the horn business, or any employment that people will give him. I never heard any thing against his character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
