





385. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William
                      Lowe
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three woolen blankets, value 40 s. and one linen wrapper, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Rooke
                  




               
            , May 2d
. ||


                  James
                   David
               



            . On the second of this month Mr. Macartey came to let us know there were three idle fellows lurking about the gate-way; I stood at the gate about a minute, and saw one of them jump off the shafts of a waggon with a truss; I pursued him up Turn-a-gain lane; 
               
                  William
                   Lowe
               



             came after me, and just as I got up to the man and had laid hold of him he said d - n your eyes what do you meddle with the man for, and struck at me. I called for assistance. I only met an old woman.
Q. What was in the truss?
Davids. Three ruggs, valued at three-pound three; the prisoner was one of them that I saw at the corner of the gateway.
- Lawson. I know of the truss being put into the waggon which was stolen out.


                  Percival
                   Philips
               



            . I am a constable; I called at the house to drink: they told me of the robbery; I said, by the description I gave of the thieves, I have just met them; I met the prisoner some days after in the street, and took him with me to the house, and we sat down; Mr. Davis came up before I said any thing to him, and said he was the man that knocked him down; and gave me charge of him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know no more of it than the child unborn.
For the Prisoner.


                  John
                   Dyer
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Black Fryars. I have lived a year in the same house with him; he behaved very well; that is a year ago: I have not known any thing of him since.


                  John
                   Reynolds
               



            . He worked as journeyman with me above a year ago; he was very honest then: I know nothing of him since.


                  Catharine
                   Nash
               



            . I have known him thirteen years; I have seen him about three times last year: I believe he has been at work with his father.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
See him tried, No. 611, in Mr. Alderman Trecothick's mayoralty; and No. 179 last sessions but one, and 258 last sessions, for burglary.
