







413, 414, 415. (M.) 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      COMER
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      WARD
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT
                      FOUNTAIN
                  



               
            , were indicted, the first for 


               ripping and cutting with intent to steal 114 lb. wt. of lead, value 20 s. belonging to the 
                     parishoners of St. Luke's


                  , the said lead being fixed to an engine house; the other two for being present, aiding, abetting, and assisting the said 
                     
                        Richard
                         Comer
                     



, Feb. 28
. *


                  James
                   Chaplain
               



            . I am a parishoner and an officer of St. Luke's


. On the 28th of February between three and four in the morning, I heard a watchman's rattle; I went to see what was the matter; one of the watchmen told me he saw a man on the engine-house; we went and surrounded the church yard; Comer jumped from the engine-house into the church yard; two of the watchmen went over the rails to search after him; I saw them take him as he lay on the ground; there had been an attempt a night or two before, and they gave a strict look after them. We found this edge bill (producing it) in the gutter on the top of the engine-house; when I took him into the watch-house he told me there was Ward and Fountain standing below while he could throw the lead over; I found Fountain; he had concealed himself in a necessary about a yard from where the attempt was made. I know nothing against Ward and Fountain but what Comer told me: before the Justice, Comer wanted to be admitted an evidence; the Justice said it was impossible, because he was the principal person concerned in the fact. The gutters were ripped up, the ridges were entirely carried away. I found no lead upon any of them.


                  William
                   Austin
               



            . I am a watchman: I saw Comer on the engine-house; my brother watchman was beating past three; I was under the engine house door; I heard a knocking and I went from the house and saw Comer on the engine-house; he turned his head and saw me, and jumped into the church yard; I rattled. When on the house he had the lead in one hand and some slating in the other hand; he was pulling the lead, and as the lead came up his head came up and he saw me. I saw the place afterwards; the lead was ripped all round the gutter, and the lead was gone from the ridges. This chopper was found on the Thursday; Comer owned he used that chopper to rip the lead round.
Q. So he had ripped the lead some days before this?
Austin. Yes; and the beadle set me there to watch him.
Q. Did you see any thing of Fountain or Ward?
Austin. I saw two or three repass before that and went and told the officer of the night, and they bid me give a sharp look out; I cannot say they are the men.


                  John
                   Wilson
               



            . I went over the church yard and helped to take Comer. I found Fountain in a vault.
Comer's Defence.
As I was going along my wife and I had a few words, and I could not come at her to strike her, so I threw my hat at her, and the wind blew it on the engine house, and I went up to get it.
COMER 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
WARD 

               acquitted
            .
FOUNTAIN 

               acquitted
            .
