





168 (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      NORTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven wooden flutes, called German flutes, value 3 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Longman
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Lukey
                  



               
             , January 1st, 1772
. ||



                  James
                   Longman
               



            . In the year 1772 I lived in St. Paul's Church-yard


, while my present house in Cheapside was rebuilding. I keep a musick shop
, and sell musical instruments
. I lost a great quantity of instruments to the amount of 3 or 400 l. About three weeks ago, coming thro' Turnstile, I saw some flutes to sell: I went in to enquire the price, and, upon looking at them, I knew them to be my own. He said he bought them of a person who answered to the description of the prisoner; upon this the prisoner was taken up, and he and this man were taken before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , there the prisoner confessed to his taking the flutes. I am sure these flutes (producing seven) are mine; three of them were left me by a friend and relation at his decease; they have several joints, what we call spare joints, to take on and off. The flutes were taken away and the spare joints left behind; I have tried and fitted them, and am absolutely certain they are my property.


                  James
                   Wheeler
               



             . I keep a flute shop in High-Holborn; These flutes had been in my custody two or three years; I bought them of the prisoner; the prisoner said he dealt in flutes. I gave two shillings for the plain flutes, and five shillings for the other; I am positive to the prisoner; I know him by the sear in his cheek, and by having frequently dealt with him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the matter.
For the Prisoner.


                  Robert
                   Worland
               



            . I am an instrument-maker, but I do not make flutes: it is impossible in my judgment, for any man to swear to a flute without some private mark upon it.
Prosecutor. I think he is mistaken.
The prisoner called three witnesses to his character.




               Guilty of stealing to the value of 39 s
            . 


               T
            .
