





71. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Benjamin
                      Watkins
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a double-barrel pistol, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David
                      Nelson
                  




               
            , June 25
. *


                  David
                   Nelson
               



            . I am an auctioneer
. I was employed in June last, to sell some goods, the property of a person who is dead, named William More. The goods had been brought and lodged some in one house, and some in another, some in mine, I took a room at the queen's-head tavern, in Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields


. There was a double-barrel pistol among the goods. It was not sold; no body would bid the value of it. It is usual to keep persons there to take care that goods are not sold at an underprice.
Court: They are usually called puffers, are they not?
Nilson. They are. The prisoner was porter
 to Mr. Hall, a broker, in Wych-street. Mr. Hall did not send for his goods till two or three days after the sale; and my porters, and clerk, and I had left the house. I had left the bill that was due from Mr. Hall, for his goods, with Mr. Williams, the keeper of the tavern; and had shewed to his servants, what were Mr. Hall's property; they were separated from the rest of the goods. I know I left the pistol in the room, which was afterwards missing. It was such a thing I never had in my hands before, made me take notice of it. It is made to turn round, in order to fire both barrels, one after the other. (A double-barrel pistol produced.) This is it.


                  Richard
                   Sing
               



            . I put this double-barrel pistol into the sale; I know it very well. The other was at the gun-smith's, to have some repair. As this was lost, Mr. Nelson agreed to take the other, and pay me for both. But some time after, Mr. Hall came and told me, the prisoner was in custody: and among other things, they had found the pistol. I was sent for before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , a little before last sessions; there I saw it.


                  Robert
                   Death
               



            . I lived in the house where the pistol was lost from, at the queen's-head. I can swear this is the pistol that was left there.


                  William
                   Langley
               



            . On the 6th of November last, I was employed with Mr. Barrow, the constable, to go to Mr. Hall's, in Drury-lane; there we found the prisoner, and a looking-glass. (On which there is another indictment.) We took the prisoner before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , and he was committed to New-prison. Then the gentleman, whose name was Jones, had a search-warrant to search the prisoner's lodgings. We went to the red-cow, in Charter-house-lane, where he lodged; there we found this pistol in a drawer in his lodging, and several other things. He was examined before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , on the 8th of November. There the gentleman came and owned the pistol, and brought the fellow to it.
Mr. Nelson. The prisoner was asked by Sir John, How he came by this pistol? He said he bought it of a man in the street.
Mr. Sing. I heard him say the same there.
Mr. Hall. The prisoner lodged at the red-cow, in Charter-house-lane; he has worked for me about six months: I was present when the pistol was found in his room.
Langley. A few days after the prisoner was taken up, I went to him in prison, and asked him, whether or not he was guilty in taking other things? He said he could give no answer at that time, because there were two other persons with him I said, there is a remarkable pistol found, which I understand will be advertised. Said he, I wish you would go to the auctioneer in Holborn, and tell him not to appear against me, for I did take it, and I will pay him for it. Instead of going to Mr. Nelson, I went to Mr. Hall, and told him of it. Then Mr. Hall went and told Mr. Sing of it.
Prisoner's Defence.
What Mr. Langley says, is quite false. I bought the pistol with other things, at a sale at the half-moon tavern, in Aldersgate-street.
He called two witnesses to his character, who said they had known him some time, and they knew ill of him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There were two other indictments against him.
