





629. (L.) 
               
                  
                     RALPH
                      MACGRAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a canvas bag, value 2 d. an iron key, value 2 d. and five pounds in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Williams
                  




               
            , July 2d
. ~


                  Edward
                   Williams
               



            . I am a vintner
: I live in Warwick-lane


; the prisoner was apprentice
 to one Mr. Fletcher, a merchant taylor. About seven weeks ago I missed a sum amounting to more than forty shillings in silver out of the till in the bar; the prisoner saw me put it into the purse first, and then afterwards into the till; this was at eleven o'clock at night; in a few minutes after the prisoner went out, I missed the purse and the silver. Last Saturday the prisoner's master, Mr. Fletcher, came to me, and said he thought his boy had defrauded him of half a guinea, for he had more money than he could have honestly come by; his master and I sent over for him to my house; upon being charged with taking the money, he said he had taken the purse and the money; that he had reached his hand over the bar and unlocked the till, the key being left in the lock, and took out the bag and money, and left the key to do the like again.
Q. Were any promises made him?
Williams. There were none; his confession was made free and voluntarily; the prisoner's master returned me a guinea and half a guinea.
- Fletcher. I suspected the prisoner by his spending more money than he ought to do; I spoke to him about it; his account was that it was given to him; he told me he had the half guinea which I found upon him of Mr. Williams; that he went to change a guinea at Mr. Williams's, and that Mrs. Williams by mistake gave him change to the amount of a guinea and half; I found the key of the till upon him; when I shewed the key to Mr. Williams, he said it was the key of his till; the prisoner confessed taking the canvas bag, and said he had never counted the contents when he was charged with it.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
