






206, 207. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      DUGARD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      CROMPTON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing ten sheep-skins, value twenty-five shillings, and nine calve-skins, value four pounds four shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Phillip
                      Simmons
                  




               
            , January 27
.


                  Phillip
                   Simmons
               



            . I keep a leather shop
 in Orange Street, Leicester Fields


. On Friday, January 27, I lost the skins mentioned in the indictment out of my shop; I suspected the prisoners: they were taken the night after, and the skins were found in the room of one 
               
                  Proven
               


             a shoe-maker in Vere Street. On the Tuesday following the prisoners were taken before Justice Girdler: there they said they found the skins in Leicester Fields as they were going to a poppit show. (The skins produced by 
               
                  Charles
                   Jealous
               



            .) These are my skins, the price is marked on every one of them in my own handwriting.


                  John
                   Proven
               



            . I live on Little Saffron Hill. On the second of January, about seven in the evening, I called on one 
               
                  Oliver
               


             a publican in Bear Street, he called me aside, and told me he had a parcel of leather he wished I would take to my lodging: I did, and it was found with me the Tuesday following by Jealous, Cross, and Hyde. I was taken before Justice Girdler; we had a hearing the next day: Duggard told the Justice he found the loather in Leicester Fields, by the rails.


                  James
                   Hyde
               



            . I am a cane head maker and chaser. On Monday was fortnight, about six at night I was at Oliver's, the Queen's Head, in Vere Street, Clare Market. Crompton was there ; Oliver and he were talking about some money Crompton was to be paid; Oliver gave him a direction, he asked me to write it, it was to enquire for Proven, at the Cooper's Arms, in Saffron Street, Saffron Hill. When I gave him the direction we walked out together as far as the Hay-market; we returned again about eleven o'clock, then Crompton told Oliver, who is a shoe-maker, that he must let him have a pair of shoes for the girl he lived with, and produced a measure. As we were going home, just at the end of Drury Lane, Jealous came up with a cutlass, and stopped Crompton, and said, if he stirred he would cut his head off; and took him away. The next day I saw Jealous at the Golden Cross; I asked him what he had done with Crompton, and told him, I believed I could give him a direction where he would find some things; and gave him a direction to Proven.
Q. How came you by the direction again?
Hyde. He gave it me that day when he was fully committed, to give to Dugard, and I gave it to Jealous; Jealous and I, and Cross went to Proven's, where we found the skins.


                  Charles
                   Jealous
               



             confirmed the evidence of the last witness, and further, that he took Dugard at the Turk's Head in Dyot Street; and that Dugard said before the justice, he found the leather in Leicester Fields.
Dugard's Defence.
Going through Leicester Fields on the Saturday night, I found the leather by the rails. I went to Cranbone Alley, and met with Crompton; I asked him to help me to carry it to Oliver's; we carried it, and asked him if he would buy it; he said no, but he would bring a man that would buy it and a cart load more, if we had it. We went to the public house, and he came, and said, there were eighteen skins, that he had looked over six of them, and those six came to twenty-three shillings. Proven was sent for, and talked about buying it, and said, he would get in the mony that night >, if he could.
Crompton in his defence, said the same as Dugard had done.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


