






334, 335. (L. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     Napthali
                      Dear
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Tho.
                      Jesson
                  



               
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing two pieces of timber, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Jones
                  



               
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , March 6.

 ++


                  William
                   Jones
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live on Lambeth Hill

. I lost two pieces of fir timber, about seven inches square, and thirteen feet long; they stood within my yard; I have a back-way to the yard. One of my men saw them there the day before they were lost; they were lost the 6th of March, we found them the next day at Jesson's; he said, he bought them of the other prisoner. We took Dear up; he said, Jesson should go with him if he was transported. He did not deny taking them.


                  Sam.
                   Miller
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Jones. On the 6th of March, between ten and eleven at night, I saw two men take the two pieces of timber away. I followed them to a court at the upper end of Thames street. I did not know them, and we found them the next morning at Jesson's. Dear confessed he was one of the men; and Jesson said, he bought them of Dear. There were near twenty feet in all of it.
Dear's Defence.
One Edmonds brought it to me, and desired me to carry one piece for him.
Jesson's Defence.
I bought the timber of Dear, and paid him two shillings in part, and was to pay him the rest the next day. I am no judge of timber.
Jesson called five people, who gave him the character of a very honest poor man.
Dear 

               Guilty
            



               T
            .
Jesson 

               Acquitted
            .
