





592. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      HARRIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 20 s. and a silk handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Hall
                  




               
            , August 9th
. ~
John Hall. I drive a post chaise
 for Mr. Richmond in Wood-street; on the 8th or 9th of August at night I was out with my fellow servant; we had a few pots of beer, and staying longer than we ought, I was locked out; it was eleven o'clock when I came to the door; I expected one of my master's coaches to come in; I went and sat down on a bench opposite the watch box to wait for it; being tired, I laid down on the box and fell a sleep, and lay about an hour; I had the watch chain in my hand before I fell a sleep; the handkerchief was about my neck; I was waked about two in the morning by somebody pulling the watch out of my pocket; I looked up and saw the prisoner; missing my watch I made up to him and he knocked me down before I could well tell where I was; I got up immediately and went after him, and he knocked me down again; he struck me three or four times first; I made up to him again and laid hold of his collar with my left hand and called watch as loud as possible; he seemed resolute; I held him, and in the struggle we both fell in the kennel; as soon as we fell I called out watch again, but no watch came; I again called, and the watch came, but before the watch came he threw the watch with his right hand over his left shoulder about a foot from his head; we both lay in the kennel together when the watchman came up; I saw both the watch and handkerchief in his hand while we were down on the ground. (The watch produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Charles
                   Vernon
               



            . I am a watchman; I stand at the corner of Silver-street; on the 9th of August, about two in the morning I heard watch called twice; on the second call I went, and about five doors down Wood-street, saw Hall and the prisoner both down together, by the side of the kennel; Hall said the prisoner had robbed him of his watch and handkerchief, and throwed it over on the pavement; when I came up they were struggling to get up; I found the watch about a foot from him on the pavement, and the handkerchief about half a yard from the watch.
Q. from the prisoner. Whether the prosecutor was not asleep on a bench near his stand?
Vernon. I had not seen him before; the watchman who was on the stand before me who went off at two o'clock told me there was a man asleep there.
Prisoner. He swore before my Lord Mayor he was on the stand, and saw the man asleep on the bench.
Vernon. I never said such a word.


                  James
                   Archer
               



            . I am a watchman in Silver-street; I asked the last witness who was asleep on the bench; he said a post boy belonging to the Little Axe, in Wood-street, as the watchman told him that was gone off the stand, and bid me let him alone, that he would take no hurt; I saw him lying there with his left leg on the bench, and his right on the ground; I went up Silver-street to my box; I had not been there above a quarter of an hour before I heard the cry of watch, two or three different times, pretty loud; I looked down Silver street, and missing my partner's lanthorn I thought there was something amiss; I went down to Wood-street and saw the prisoner, prosecutor and watchman standing together; the prosecutor said he had been robbed of his watch and handkerchief; I advised taking the prisoner to the watch-house to be examined; when we came to the watch-house the prosecutor said he looked like a poor fellow, and if he would give the watchmen half a crown to drink and he had his goods, he would give himself no further trouble about it; I said it was a capital offence, and he should do no such thing.

The prisoner is his defence said he worked at the main shoring in the city; that he was going to work at, three in the morning; that the prosecutor followed him and struck him; that the struck him again, and they both fell; that he then made a noise and said he had taken his watch, but that he knew nothing of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
