





570. (L.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      BEEM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four shillings and eleven pence in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Spencer
                  




               
            , July 9th
. ~


                  Ann
                   Spencer
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John
                   Spencer
               



            : I work for Alderman Kirkman in the silk-winding-way. On the 9th of July I went to carry home my work; as I returned I stopped at the corner of Bishopsgate church yard


 for a peck of pease; I set down my basket with my work and money in it; a lad informed me the prisoner had taken my money; I missed it, and the lad and I pursued him through Bishopsgate church yard; he was taken at the further end of Moorfields, and the money found upon him; it was all halfpence, wrapped up in brown paper; I never lost fight of him till he was taken.
[
               
                  Samuel
                   Taylor
               



            .]
Q. How old are you?
Taylor. Thirteen the 29th of March.
Q. Do you know the nature of an oath?
Taylor. Yes.
Q. Do you know what would become of you if you come into a Court of Justice and take a false oath?
Taylor. Yes, I shall go to hell; on the 9th of July I saw Mrs. Spencer put her basket down at a pea cart the corner of Bishopsgate church yard, about eleven o'clock; there was a paper of halfpence in the basket; the paper was not tied up but was open.
Prosecutrix. It lay on the top of the cloth the work was in; any body might see it.
Taylor. I saw the prisoner stoop down and take the money out of the basket, and run down Bishopsgate church yard; I told the woman directly, and she and I ran after him till he was taken.


                  Joseph
                   Tyler
               



            . I am a constable; I met the prisoner in Bishopsgate church yard, running as fast as he could; just after I met the prosecutrix running, who said she was robbed of her all by a man in a brown coat; I pursued him; he was stopped in Moorfields before I came up to him.


                  John
                   Barber
               



            . As I was coming a-cross Moorfields, I heard the cry of - stop thief; I stopped the prisoner and asked him what he had stole; he said two or three halfpence; he produced a paper of halfpence; he had them in his hand; in taking of them some dropped.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the halfpence by the wheel of the pea cart; as I picked them up a man come by and asked what I had got; I said a paper, and went away; a man stopped me, and said I had stole the halfpence; the woman came up and said they were her's; I bid her if they were her property to take them; I had given them to Barber.

The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a very good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
