








80, 81, 82. (M.) 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE
                      SPIERS
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARGARET
                      M'CULLOGH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      GRAHAM
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe buckles, value five shillings; a pair of leather gloves value six-pence; a linen shirt, value three shillings; a pair of worsted stockings, value three shillings, and eight guineas, two half guineas, and eight shillings, in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Handley
                  




               
            , November 8th
. +


                  John
                   Handley
               



            . I am a countryman; a weaver
; a perfect stranger in town; I came out of the country, but was not able to find my friends: I had been drinking the whole day: I was in liquor. About six in the evening: I don't know where I was, but I was somewhere about Covent-Garden: I met with M'Cullogh, as I believe: I enquired of her, for a lodging; she carried me to a lodging; I undressed and went to bed immediately; I waked in about two hours and missed the things mentioned in the indictment, and about ten pounds in money out of my breeches pocket, and my buckles out of my shoes; I dressed myself and called out I was robbed. Graham brought up a candle, and I immediately secured her, and insisted she should shew me the person that had brought me into the room. When we came down stairs, I laid hold of another at the door, but she got away; I got to a constable and afterward, some of my things were found: I cannot say I was sober, but I think I was sober enough to know that M'Cullogh is the person that called me up.


                  Lawrence
                   Pearson
               



            . The prisoner Spiers, pawned this shirt with me (producing it), on the 8th of November, about eight at night; she pretended it belonged to one Flannagan, her husband, who lodged in Maynard-street, St. Giles's.
Prosecutor. I am not able to say certainly, that that is the shirt; I bought it that very evening; all the notice I took of it was, it had large buttons.


                  Ann
                   Stephens
               



            . I met with this prosecutor by accident, drinking at a public-house, at the end of Newtoner's-Lane


; he said his portmanteau was not come to town, he wanted a shirt and asked me to go with him to buy one; he being in company at that time with another woman, which other woman was in liquor, I went with him to a pawnbroker's where he bought a shirt: I remember he made an objection to it, on account of the large buttons; I told him he might have it altered.


                  Thomas
                   Lyon
               



            . The prosecutor was brought to my house very much in liquor, he said, he had been robbed. 
               
                  Graham
               


             the prisoner came voluntarily to me, and said, she had heard I was enquiring after her; she said, she knew nothing about the robbery; but that M'Cullogh had been in the room; and she said, she would shew us M'Cullogh. By her means we found M'Cullogh, and challenged her with robbing the man; she denied it, we searched her, and found a pair of buckles concealed under the peak of her stays; we searched further in the room (it was Spiers's room) we found there a pair of gloves in a woman's pocket apron, and we found seven shillings and six-pence upon M'Cullogh; she had no other money. (The buckles and gloves were produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Spiers's Defence.
The shirt which I pawned at Pearson's, was the shirt of a young man I kept company with, for whom I pawned it.
M'Cullogh's Defence.
I was in the room with this man; he was very much in liquor; he brought me home and wanted to lie with me; I said, I must have some present made me; he said, he had been spending his money with another woman and had none; but he would leave his buckles for half a crown; he was to come again and redeem them.
For Spiers.


                  Alice
                   Finch
               



            . I am the mother of Spiers, I went to Justice Welch's office upon hearing that my daughter, and the rest of them were in company; I saw the prosecutor and Stephens stand together there; the prosecutor said, Nancy, give me two or three shillings: she said, she had none; he bid her pawn her cloak, or he would blow her; she said, you know you gave me the cloak and a piece of linen; he said, you know I know you robbed me of a guinea; hearing this conversation, I asked Stephens whether she knew the person; she said, yes, she had been drinking all day with him, and he had given her a cloak, and they were to have gone together to the play; but somehow they missed one another in the street.
Prosecutor. There might some such thing pass at Justice Welch's office about a guinea; I had laid out some money upon this Stephens and given her a cloak.
M'Cullogh 

               Guilty of stealing the buckles
            .
The other two 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


