






593. 594. (L) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      BRYANT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WRIGHT
                      STAGG
                  



               
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing five ounces of silver, value twenty shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Richards
                  



               
            , and the other for 


               receiving the said silver, well knowing it to be stolen
            , September the 2d

. ++


                  James
                   Richards
               



            . I am a watch-case-maker
. The prisoner was my servant
; I had lost some silver out of my desk, which induced me to mark several pieces. On the 2d of September I missed the silver, mentioned in the indictment; I accused the prisoner with taking it; he denied it; I went for a constable; when I returned, he had confessed the fact (as I was informed) and where the silver was.


                  John
                   Taylor
               



            . I am journeyman to Mr. Richards. The prisoner was an errand-boy there; Mr. Richards having missed some silver, marked eleven pieces, and put them in the desk; he desired me to look at them now and then: my master went into the country, and when he returned, he missed one of the pieces: I had not missed it before he charged the prisoner with it, he denied it; my master went for a constable; while he was gone, we asked the prisoner about it, and after crying a long time, he confessed he took it, and that 
               
                  Wright
                   Stagg
               



            , who lived at a green-stall in Aldersgate-Street, was concerned with him. We went and took up Stagg. and found the silver in his pocket.
- Parker. I am a constable. Bryant gave me a direction to Stagg, in Aldersgate-Street; I went there and found him sitting by the fire; I searched him, and in his left-hand breeches pocket I found these two pieces of silver.
(They were produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Bryant's Defence.
I picked it up by the shop door: I did not know what it was.
Stagg's Defence.
Bryant brought it to me, and asked me to lend him two-pence upon it; I lent it him, he said he would fetch it next morning.
Bryant called two witnesses who gave him a good character.
Stagg called several witnesses; among whom was his master he worked for; they all gave him a good character.
Bryant 

               Guilty
            .
Stagg 

               Acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


