






474 475. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     PAUL
                      PRESTON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CALCOT
                      CHAMBRE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing 180 lb. of indigo, value 40 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert
                            Rose
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           James
                            Mills
                        



                     
                  , from a certain ship, being on a navigable river, namely the river Thames
            , April 27
. ++


                  Benjamin
                   Jones
               



            . I am master of the Prince Toms


: I lost a cask of indigo out of the ship on the 27th of April last; I had bills of lading for it. When I came to deliver the cargo, Mr. Rose and Mills charged me with the cask not being delivered. I am pretty positive I received it at Carolina; I brought it on board myself: Preston was my mate; he denied ever seeing it. On enquiring further about it, 
               
                  John
                   Ward
               



             informed me Preston and Bridgman had conveyed it out of the ship; I immediately applied to Justice Camper for a warrant, and took Preston and Bridgman up; both of them confessed they took it: Bridgman is dead since the last sessions. The prisoner confessed it, and delivered eight guineas to the Justice, part of the money he had sold it for; he informed me that one Calcot Chambre had got the indigo from him; we took him up also.
Cross Examination.
Q. How much rice was for Preston?
Jones. Half; be asked me if he might have the sweepings; I told him yes.
Q. Do you remember a barrel of rice?
Jones. He told me there was half a barrel in the ship; I said if it was above the cargo have it on board the ship, and mark stores upon it, that the custom house officer might not take it.
Q. Do you know whether the indigo was left or was mistaken for a cask of rice?
Jones. The indigo was branded all with capital letters the rice was not.
Q. He had the charge of every thing in the ship at that time?
Jones. Yes.
Q. And was to deliver out the whole cargo?
Jones. Yes, into boats, according to an order he had received from me.
Court. He had no authority to bring it to land for the purpose of selling the cargo?
Jones. No, I am answerable to the owners for any loss that may happen.
Q. And if any loss happens at the time he had the command he is answerable to you?
Jones. Yes, if a cask is lost we charge it to the mate.
Q. If any of the cargo is lost you would have charged him with it?
Jones. Yes.


                  John
                   Ward
               



            . I did belong to the Prince Toms; I saw the prisoner take a cask of indigo out of the ship.
Q. What was he to do with it?
Ward. I do not know; it was carried out of the ship in bags.
Q. When? at day or night?
Ward. In the forenoon.
Cross Examination.
Q. Was the ship cleared?
Ward. No; the custom house officer was not gone?
Q. Do you know any thing of this cask being mistaken for a cask of rice? who carried it out of the ship?
Ward. I cannot tell.
Q. Did Preston give any directions for it, did you near him?
Ward. No.
Q. Was he present?
Ward. Yes, he was; I saw him knocking it out of the cask and putting it into bags.


                  John
                   Fernando
               



             (a black).
Q. Are you a Christian?
Fernando. No.
Q. Have you been christened?
Fernando. Yes.
Court. Swear him (he is sworn).
Fernando. I was cook of the ship: I was going to get some rice; the mate came to me and told me to take the bag, and put it into a boat; I did not see what was in it.
Q. Was 
               
                  John
                   Ward
               



             there at the time?
Fernando. I did not see him.
Q. to Ward. Was Fernando there at the time you was speaking of?
Ward. Yes; I saw him take the bags.
Cross Examination.
Q. to Fernando. You say you do not know what was in the bags?
Fernando. No.
Q. Was it Preston or Bridgman called to you to take the bags?
Fernando. Preston ordered me to bring the bags up.


                  Andrew
                   Anderson
               



            . I keep a public house: on the 26th of April, Bridgman came to my house, and said he had some rice to dispose of, and said that he had brought it from Carolina himself; he said he had a barrel of it; he shewed me a sample. I went on board the ship; he rolled out a small cask; as he rolled it out, the cask rattled; I said I do not think this is rice, so he shook it, and said no, I do not think it is rice; said I, what is it? he said throw it over board, we shall have the officers come down, and we shall have the ship exchequered; I told him he need not throw it over board, if he could get it on shore, and I could have a sample, I had no objection to buy it; he asked me if I could get him a waterman; I said yes; he asked me to send it to my house; I said no, I should have it seized; I sent a waterman; I believe he brought it on shore. A little after that the waterman came to me with a sample of it; I went and enquired the value of it, and some offered me 3 s. 6 d. others 3 s. 9 d. I offered him 3 s. 6 d. he would not take less than 4 s. I believe the mate might easily have robbed the ship before that time if he chose.
Cross Examination.
Q. This indigo you say was mistaken for rice?
Anderson. Yes.
Q. Then he was angry for having it on board?
Anderson. Yes.
Q. And going to throw it over board?
Anderson. I believe he would.
Q. Why was the ship to be seized?
Anderson. Because the ensign was hoisted for the clearing boat to come down.
Q. Was the ship cleared?
Anderson. Not then, but all the cargo was out when the ship was in the dock; he could have handed it over the ship side into the street.
Court. How did he get the sample of the rice if the barrel was not opened.
Anderson. He said he had some of the same rice.
Q. to Jones. Had he any authority to fell any rice on board?
Anderson. No, none at all, nor I neither.


                  Thomas
                   Brown
               



            . I am a waterman: I was sent from the shore by one Mr. Anderson and Bridgman; just as I went off I saw Bridgman going over the ship at Pellican-stairs; I carried him on shore with two bags to New Crane.
Q. Did you see Preston?
Brown. Yes.
Q. What was he about?
Brown. On the ship's duty I believe; I carried Bridgman on shore again with another bag to New-stairs.
Q. Did Preston say any thing?
Brown. No.


                  Richard
                   Mayfield
               



            . I keep a public house: I know nothing of the indigo. Mr. Chambre was sent for to my house by Bridgman and Preston sometime in April; they said to buy some sweepings of rice. I do not know what he bought, or whether he bought any thing.
Preston's Defence.
I went to the captain and told him there was half a barrel I took to be rice left on board the ship; he said he would mark it stores; he said you make take and sell it for yourself; when I came to sell it it proved to be indigo; when I found that I went to throw it over board; but this Anderson persuaded me not, and said he would take it on shore; I said I did not care where the Devil he took it to; I do not know who took it out of the ship.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Did you give him such authority?
Prosecutor. No; I told him he might take the sweepings out of the ship, but nothing of the cargo.
For the Prisoner.


                  Joseph
                   Brown
               



            . I am a potatos merchant and dealer in coals.

Q. Did you hear Captain Jones say any thing to Preston about this?
Brown. I heard Jones say there were some sweepings on board the ship, he might make the best use of them he could.
Q. Did you hear any thing about the cask?
Brown. I heard nothing about the cask.
Q. to Jones. Could this be called sweepings?
Jones. By no means.
Q. Had it been broke after you took it in from Carolina?
Jones. No; we had a hard gale of wind, and a large quantity of rice casks stove on the passage.
Q. It was that that was sweepings?
Jones. Yes.
Q. You did not mean he should open any casks?
Jones. No. He has a wife and family in America therefore I do not give evidence of the value, as I hope the Court will be favourable to him.
PRESTON 


               guilty 39 s.
            

CHAMBRE 

               acquitted
            .
The Court gave Anderson caution to be more careful in his dealings in future.




[Transportation. See summary.]


