





91. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     HENRY
                      WELCH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five pieces of printed cotton, value five pounds; a piece of velveret, value three pounds; and five pieces of irish linen, value five pounds
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Tawlin
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John
                      Emerson
                  



               
            , November 4th
. ++


                  Mouson
                   Hodges
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Emerson, who is a callico printer
. There were lost out of the printing shop, the things mentioned in the indictment: my master sent me to Rosemary-Lane to enquire if any such things were offered to sale. I saw some of it in the possession of one 
               
                  Mary
                   James
               



            ; it was unfinished work.


                  William
                   Edwards
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Emerson; there were four pieces of cotton and a piece of velveret brought to me about the first of November; I had some in my care till the 4th; I missed them when I came on the 5th of November in the morning: they were brought me by one Smith to print: they are double printings; I printed them therefore with one print, and had began the velveret with the second print.


                  Edward
                   Bishop
               



            . I locked the shop up between five and six o'clock at night; they were there then. I missed them next morning; I found the bricks taken out, and the shop broke open.
Q. from the Prisoner. Whether you ever saw me about the place.
Bishop. I cannot say whether I did or not.


                  John
                   Dixon
               



            . I attend at Justice Sherwood's office; I had a warrant against 
               
                  John
                   Connor
               



            . Mrs. James said, she bought the handkerchiefs that were produced of Connor. I served the warrant upon him when he was a-bed: he went and shewed us where Welch lived, and said he had them of him: in searching Welch's apartments, I found these three pieces of irish cloth and a dark lanthorn,
Prisoner. That man would swear a man's life away for five-shillings; if he got nothing at all by it.
(The pieces of cloth produced in court.)
Hodges. I believe them to be the same that were lost, but I cannot swear to them.
Q. from the Prisoner. Whether I did not resign myself up to you.
Hodges. Yes.


                  Charles
                   Murthwaite
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I took in three pieces of printed cotten of 
               
                  Ann
                   Cayny
               



            , and a handkerchief; (producing them.)
Hodges. I believe these to be my master's property, Edwards is the man that made the pattern.
Edwards. These are part of the four cottons that I printed.


                  Ann
                   Cayney
               



            . On Saturday night four weeks ago, my brother called me up and gave me the bundle with two gowns in it, and said, I must pawn it; I never saw what was in it: he bid me ask a guinea.
Q. Who employed you?
Cayney. Mr. Conolly. Welch took up the money to see if it was a good guinea, and offered me a shilling for my trouble. I would not take it up.


                  Mary
                   James
               



            . Mr. Hodges, had one handkerchief of me that I bought among four others.


                  John
                   Conner
               



            . I am a labourer: I had this handkerchief of the prisoner: I don't know the day of the month: I sold it to 
               
                  Mary
                   James
               



             publickly: I don't know how the prisoner came by it, no more than the child unborn; here is a girl that was present when I received it of him.

I keep a chandlers shop, and sell odds and ends, and such like things: I sold it publickly in Rag-Fair.


                  Mary
                   Wilcox
               



            . I was present when the prisoner left this handkerchief with Connor, he left it for bread and cheese, and other things that he had.


                  John
                   Orange
               



            . I found these things in his room.


                  Patrick
                   Connolly
               



            . The prisoner came to me, about nine o'clock on Saturday morning, he brought me out from my work, where I was, and said, he had some smuggled goods, he desired I would get them pawned, and went along with me, to Cayney; she pawned them, and gave him the guinea in his hand: I am a stone-sawyer, the prisoner gave them me, and 
               
                  Ann
                   Cayney
               



             paid him the money.
Cayney. I laid the money down on the table, Connolly and Welch took it up: Connolly employed me, I had not seen Welch, or any body else before: I never saw Welch till after I had pawned the things: I went to the Bull's-head, as Connolly desired, and there I saw him, and the prisoner, the prisoner gave me a shilling for my trouble, and offered Connolly another, he took it up, and looked at it a great while to see if it was good.
Prisoner's Defence
I never touch'd the money, or ever gave her the cloth even to pawn.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
