





320. (M.) 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL
                      MEAKHAM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Tyler
                        




                     
                  , on the 30th of April
, about the hour of two in the night, and stealing forty pewter plates, value 25 s. eleven pewter dishes, value 20 s. five gallons of gin, value 24 s. two gallons of rum, value 18 s. two gallons of shrub, value 18 s. six wooden casks, value 6 s. one case bottle, value 2 s. one linen bag, value 2 s. one man's hat, value 10 s. 6 d. one linen gown, value 6 s. 6 d. and one linen shirt, value 1 s. the property of the said John, in his dwelling house
            . +


                  John
                   Tyler
               



            . I live at the Lee Hoy and Punch Bowl, Coverley's fields


. On the 30th of April my house was broke open; I discovered it in the morning: I have a man lodges with me that is a watchman in the city; he came home about four o'clock, and informed me my house was broke open; I came down and found a pane was taken out of the casement, and it was undone; the pulley of the door that leads into the passage was cut; there were two bolts and a spring lock to the front door; it was unbolted and the shutters put to. I went to bed at eleven at night; I fastened the house myself. I lost the liquors and goods mentioned in the indictment ( spealing them). I had some suspicions from some information I had of the people at the house Meakham was at; I saw him with a basket with about 30 lb. of pewter in it, in Montague-street; we brought him back to his lodgings near the Cock and Hoop; we found at his lodgings a cask with rum in it, a cask with shrub, and a cask of Holland's gin, and there four lumps of pewter melted down in earthen dishes ( producing them) and a bag of linen, two casks of wine, one Malaga, the other tent; we found this pistol and a dark lanthorn (producing them). I believe the hat to be my property, but having no particular mark I will not swear to it; this cask I can swear to; it is marked I K; I had it of my brother at Gravesend. I asked the prisoner whether all the plates and dishes were melted down; he said I should never see them any more in the same form they had been in; I asked him if he had ever been in my house; he said he was two days before.


                  Mary
                   Graham
               



            . The prisoner had lodged in my room about five weeks.
Q. How came the cask, new hat, bag of linen, pistol, and lanthorn into your room?
Graham. 
               
                  Samuel
                   Meakam
               



             brought a parcel of plates; he melted them.
Q. How long before he was taken up?
Graham. Not a great while.
Q. Do you know how the pewter was marked?
Graham. No I was a bed; he went back again and brought the bundle and the great cask.
Q. What pistol was this and the dark lanthorn?
Graham. I do not know; I believe they belong to them all together.

Q. And 
               
                  Philip
                   Graham
               



            ?
Graham. Yes.
Q. What relation is he to you?
Graham. He is my husband.


                  Susannah
                   Tyler
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor: this is my gown; this shift is mine, and one of the casks are lost; it had an I and K upon it.
- Chapman. I was called out of bed about seven o'clock in the morning to take the prisoner; I took him with the pewter upon his shoulder, I searched the house; I believe it is 
               
                  Philip
                   Graham
               



            's room, these things were all found in the room, and the pistol was found loaded under a new hat in the closet.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had that pewter upon my back from Short and Graham to carry it into Smithfield, they were to meet me there; as to lodging in the room, I made shift for a night or two; I am a porter at markets: that morning I got up between two and three o'clock, I went to Billingsgate and brought two kitts of salmon to the Baseing-house; Short desired me to carry this load, and he took up another load at the same time, what I do not know; when I got up in the morning I missed Short out of bed; I did not know where Graham was; I lay with Short; when Mr. Chapman took me they asked where I was going with the pewter; I told them, they went with me to the place and when I came came there, the other two were gone.




               Guilty of stealing the goods but not of the burglary
            . 


               T
            .
