





733. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ALICE
                      WOOTTON
                  , otherwise 
HUDSON




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a watch with silver cases, value forty shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Read
                  




               
            , October 8th
. *


                  Thomas
                   Read
               



            . I am a journeyman carpenter
; I live in Wild-Street. Last Sunday sen'night in the morning, the prisoner got my watch from me, between five and six o'clock: the circumstances were, I staid late at the pay-table of Mr. Cawen, who is my master: I did not get away from the pay-table till three or four in the morning: we always spend a quart of beer a piece. I was not quite drunk, nor was I quite sober; I found it so late, I did not care to knock the people up at my lodgings. I went into the Green Man in Bow-Street


, which is always open at that time in the morning. I sat down to have a pint of drink: when I had been there some time, I asked the way down to the vault; they shewed me the way down. I had not been there long before the prisoner came into the vault, and immediately laid hold of me and began to use some indecencies toward me: she put her hand into my pocket where my wages was: I pushed her from me: she came again and endeavoured to attack me a second time. I pushed her off again when I had got up, and then I missed my watch, which I had not felt for before, thinking that secure, because my custom always was, and I had done so at that time, to twist my chain and key through a button-hole, that my watch might not fall out, but it was gone; I found I had been robbed. When I went up, I asked who that woman was? they told me. I went away to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's. When it was a proper time, Sir John's people knew who the woman was: they searched for her all that day, but they could not find her. Upon Friday morning I was told she lodged in Steward's Rents, Drury-Lane. I went to her landlord, one Linwood; they took him to the 
               
                  Brown
                   Bear
               



            ; they searched her lodgings, but could not find the watch; they laid wait for her, they stopped her coming home, but could not find any duplicate.


                  Thomas
                   Blake
               



            . I am a waiter at the Green Man, in Bow-Street: the prosecutor asked the way down to the necessary; afterwards I saw the prisoner go down stairs the same way; the way leads to no other place but to the vault: she staid there five minutes, or thereabouts, and then came up again and went out of doors. The prosecutor afterwards came up, and said, he had lost his watch, and he charged it upon this woman.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to the house for some purl for my husband; I did not go down to the vault.
For the prisoner.


                  Mary
                   Gould
               



            . The prisoner and her husband lodged with me for ten weeks; they went by the name of Miller; she bore a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


