





116. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Lewis
                      Tainting
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven yards of velvet, value 3 l. a yard and a half of gold tissue, and six yards of printed cotton
            ; the property of the Rt. Hon. 
               
                  John, earl of Buckinghamshire



            , January 11
. ||.


                  Germine
                   Le Court
               



            . I am house-steward to the earl
 of Buckinghamshire. The prisoner at the bar lived in the house; he is a musician
. On the 5th of the instant, there were goods missing out of a store-room at my lord's house at Blickling, in Norfolk


. The prisoner was suspected to have taken them. I came to town the 9th, and acquainted my lord of it. The prisoner was come to town. My lord ordered me to go to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             for a warrant to search the prisoner's box, in his r oom at my lord's house in Bond-street. I called him into the room, and told him his box should be searched. He went up and opened it himself: I saw these things taken out. (Producing the velvet tissue and cotton). These I believe to be my lord's property; there were such missing from the store-room. The prisoner said before Sir

                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , he brought them to town to shew them to my lord, to see if they were his. He owned he had them out of a room in my lord's house. The store-room was always kept locked.


                  Bartholomew
                   Pausin
               



            . I am valet de-chambre to my lord of Buckinghamshire. I know these goods were kept in the store-room in the country; they are my lord's property. I was sent to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             for a constable and a warrant to apprehend the prisoner. We waited till he came to town. His box came in the carriage waggon. When he came, we asked him to open his box. While the officer was looking into the bottom of the box, I saw the prisoner put these things under the covering of his bed, where they were afterwards found.


                  John
                   Noaks
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for, yesterday was a week, to lord Buckinghamshire's. The prisoner unlocked his box. We let him take the things out, and put them on his bed. There was a great quantity of things; I saw him lay a parcel in a paper on the bed, after which I went to look into the bottom of the box; when I came to look for the paper parcel, it was missing, and I found it betwixt the blankets and sheets of his bed. I found two keys upon him, which seem as if they would open almost any door (Producing two picklocks, part of the wards were taken out.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
