





297. (1st L.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Griffin
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               receiving four pieces of Riga fir timber, value 4 l. well knowing them to have been stolen by 
                     
                        Jacob
                         Lyon
                     



; the property of Messrs. 
               
                  
                     John
                      Smith
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Drummond
                   Smith
               



            . ++
The record of the conviction of Jacob Lyon, at Kingston, at the last Surry affixes, for stealing the above timer, was read in court. ++


                  John
                   Lyon
               



            . My brother and I were timber towers, employed chiefly by Messrs. Eels and Bond, and have been so, apprentice and servant to them, for above eighteen years last past. Griffin is a render of laths

, and lives in Old-street; we have had frequent dealings together: we are very well acquainted, and Griffin knew my business and occupation; he has frequently brought timber of us, particularly some time about New-year's day. The prisoner had mentioned that he wanted a float of Riga timber, and of memble. When the prisoner wanted timber, he spoke to us, and we used to bring the timber down to the Three Cranes, there it was delivered into the care of the wharfinger's man, and so it was conveyed to the prisoner: we delivered it at the Three Cranes, and settled accounts afterwards with him; and the constant rule was, we were paid twenty shillings a load for all timber brought in that manner. We did, upon New-year's day, about four in the morning, take out of Mr. Smith's dock, at Batterses, these four pieces of Riga timber: we got five pieces at another place, we dropped them all down at the Three Cranes, and delivered them to Brackstone; to the order, and for the use of Griffin. We had no opportunity of settling the account with Griffin, because we were taken up before we could do it. This timber was to be served upon the same terms as the rest of the timber was. These were delivered with the marks; Griffin has seen us, many times, raze them out. We used to meet at the house of one Birt, at Chelsea Reach, and from there we used to go out and survey the timber; we afterwards met the prisoner at the Wilkes's Head, in Houndsditch; there half the money was advanced; not the whole of it: there was no regular settlement of the account.
- Brackstone. I am servant to the wharfinger at the Three Cranes; I know Lyon and Griffin. Lyon has several times brought timber down for Griffin, particularly upon the seventh or eighth of February; I think, Riga timber. Griffin used to employ a name-sake, one Griffin, who used to carry his timber for him, and generally had his orders, against the timber came down: so I went not to Griffin, the prisoner, but to his carman, Griffin, and told him some timber was come for Griffin; the carman came, and carried it away.
- Griffin. I am a carman; I do business for the prisoner. There was, upon the seventh or eighth of February, nine sticks of Riga timber; I do not know the precise quantity, but I know the number of feet: I delivered it at Mr. Rudduck's yard, in Skinner-street, by order of Griffin; the prisoner had been with him the day before, and told him there would be this quantity of timber come down, that or the next day.


                  Richard
                   Rudduck
               



            . I am a carpenter; I applied to the prisoner in consequence of a conversation I had with Mr. Pricklow, which led me to suspect the prisoner was concerned in some illicit traffick; I went to him and talked about some laths. I went to a publick house with him, and then told him I heard he had some timber to sell; he said, Right, he had some timber to sell; he asked who told me; I mentioned the party. I said I wanted sixty or seventy loads; he said he could not serve me with so much; then I said it would not signify. He asked me what time I should want to use it; I said I should be six or eight weeks in using it up; he said he had two captains that could serve me in that time: he asked where it should be sent to; I feigned a place of delivery, not real; I said such a place in Whitechapel; he said he believed it would be no great difference in the price; he paid 4 s. a load for carriage home, and would deliver it; I asked the price; he said two pound five shillings. I asked who was to pay the carriage; he said he was to pay the carriage. I said, Then you have but forty-one shillings for your load of timber? I asked him how he was to be paid; he said in money, he was a poor man; I said that was not the usual way, I should have two month's credit; I went so far, and said, I am rather suspicious of these gentlemen; I am not suspicious of you; I doubt these captains of yours; I should not care to deal with you unless you can indemnify me, without there is a proof of their property in this timber. I then said, I observed your timber in Tomlinson's yard had the marks razed out; Pray how came that? the prisoner appeared very much confounded when I first made the observation; after some time he recovered himself; he first said, That is to myself; afterwards he said, that the cause is, I used not to raze the marks, and my people told where I bought the timber. then I razed the marks because other people bought it over my head. We then agreed that the first load, consisting of eighteen sticks of Riga timber, should be delivered the Monday following; I went and told my friend what I had done; we went upon 'Change next day to several people concerned in the trade to take advice; they encouraged me to proceed; the timber was not delivered. Upon the Thursday following I met the prisoner again in Moorfields, and asked after the timber; he said, You shall have it, Master. I said, I have altered my mind; I will not have it delivered in White Chapel, as I said before, but in my own yard in Skinner-street; the prisoner seemed very well satisfied, and said I should have it on Monday next. It did not come on Monday; I received a note on Wednesday, which signified that the timber was got to the Three Cranes, but could not be brought up till the next day, upon account of the pavement; next day half a float came, consisting of these nine sticks; the prisoner brought to me a bill of parcels for that timber. (The bill is read.)
Mr. Rudduck, Feb. 6, 1771,
Dr. to John Griffin
To nine pieces of Riga timber, quantity four hundred and ninety one feet, at two pound five shillings per load. 22:1:9. Received the contents in full of all demands.
I put him off about the money, as it was not a real transaction; I meant only to detect the thief; the timber was afterwards owned to be the property of Messrs. Smiths.


                  Thomas
                   Ward
               



            . I wrote the note by the order of my master Mr. Griffin.


                  William
                   Strange
               



            . I know Messrs. Smith's mark very well; I saw this timber lying in Mr. Rudduck's yard in Skinner-street; it was marked with an R and a star, which is Messrs. Smith's mark.
- Mazenby. I am clerk to Messrs. Smiths; I saw this timber; it has their mark upon it; this sort of timber is worth in the river forty-eight shillings a load.


                  William
                   Birt
               



            . I live at the Red House at Battersea, close by the side of the river, opposite Chelsea Reach; my house is about a quarter of a mile from Smith's timber dock; I have seen the prisoner and the two Lyons together at my house often; they used to come in and go out upon the walks. I saw them about a month before Lyon was taken up.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did assist the Lyons in the selling this timber to Mr. Rudduck. I did not act for myself; the Lyons had told me that they had a parcel of timber to sell for a friend of theirs that was insolvent; therefore upon Mr. Rudduck's pressing me to know if I would direct him to any body from whom he might buy timber, I did tell Lyon that Mr. Rudduck would buy his timber; and as soon as Lyon had sent it to the Three Cranes I sent Rudduck word of it; it is not truth what Rudduck says, that I agreed for forty-five shillings, nor sent the bill of parcels.
He called a number of witnesses who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            , 


               T. 14
            .
