






284, 285. (M. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     Henry
                      Taffe
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Michael
                      Spencer
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing five china cups and five china sawcers, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Webster
                        



                     
                  , and seven shirts, a cloth coat, a waistcoat, a pair of breeches, and a pair of stockings, value 5 l. 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Ward
                        



                     
                  ; and one telescope and a punch-bowl, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander
                            Lindsey
                        



                     
                  , in a certain ship
            , called the Minerva, lying on a navigable river, to wit, the river Thames, March 9
. ++
W. Webster. I belong to the Minerva; she lay at Gun Dock


. The prisoner Taffe was hired by my mate; she was robbed of the things laid in the indictment, (mentioning them, and the respective owners.) There was nobody on board at the time but a boy, who told me, Taffe came on board at the time; upon which I took him up in Wapping. He confessed, he had robbed the ship; the telescope and a stocking were found in his pocket. He said, he had sold the rest of the things in the city.


                  Alex.
                   Lindsey
               



            . I heard Taffe confess he had robbed the ship; and I found a stocking of Thomas Ward's upon him.


                  Thomas
                   Ward
               



            . I saw Taffe after he was taken up. I saw the coat and breeches after they were found, where they were pawned. Spencer said, he knew where they were pawned.
Taffe's Defence.
I found these things between four and five o'clock, on board a ship. I was in liquor, and did not know what I said.
Spencer's Defence.
I know no more of the robbery than the child unborn. I never was on board that ship; neither do I know where she lay.


                  Jos.
                   Mildread
               



            . Spencer has been with me ever since the year 1764; he has been trusted with large sums of money. I always had confidence in him, and thought he deserved it. I had an excellent character with him. He left me in July last. He had a dispute with my maidservant, whom I find he has married since. I never heard any thing ill of him in my life.
Taffe 


               Guilty 39 s
            .
Spencer 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


