






364. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Hall
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 20 s. and one pair of silver knee buckles, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joachim
                      Dettion
                  




               
            , May 13
.


                  Joachim
                   Dettion
               



            . I belong to a Hambrough ship; I am carpenter
. I lost a pair of shoe buckles last Monday; a gentleman in company with the prisoner, bid me take them out of my shoes, and lay them on the table; he put them in his hat; it was at an alehouse; I do not know the name of it; it is close to Black Friars Bridge


; there were three men together with me; the prisoner was not the person that put them in the hat, but he ran away with them; he was in company with the man that put them into the hat; I never saw him before then; (the buckles produced) these are my buckles that he ran away with. I ran after him and catched him; we took him to the Poultry Compter. An old woman came and brought my buckles on Tuesday; I gave the buckles to the constable; the old woman ran away.
Prisoner. He put the buckles into the hat himself; he took me to the Poultry Compter, where I was searched.
James Yard. About five o'clock last Monday the keeper of the Compter told me I was wanted; I spoke to the Dutchman; he charged me with that man, I took him into the Compter, and examined him. He said, as he was going along Fleet street, a man asked him if he had any gin to sell; he had none. He went into the Shepherd and Goat, Fleet ditch, the man called for six-pennyworth of rum and water; they talked of selling bullocks; he had got a bag of counters for money; he said that was the man that ran away with the buckles. I could not find them when I searched him; we went to Alderman Nash; the gentleman who helped him never came, then a woman came in; I could not take her as she gave him the buckles while I was not there (the counter money produced) they were in this man's pocket; he said he would swear that was the man that had them; he said they held him instead of letting him run after him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a bricklayer
 by trade. I have worked in London these three or four years, for several people; the counterfeits I found by Charing Cross last Friday.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
