





665. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Henry
                      Carry
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two gold inside watch cases, value 5 l. five gold outside chased watch cases, value 16 l. two plain gold outside watch cases, value 10 l. twelve silver inside watch cases, value 3 l. twelve silver outside watch cases, value 5 l. a diamond ring set in gold, value 40 s. a stone ring set in gold, value 20 s. three silver table spoons, value 12 s. four silver tea spoons, value 4 s. and a silver pepper-box, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Burr Griffin
                  




               
            , September 16
. +


                  Edward
                   Burr Griffin
               



            . The prisoner was my apprentice
. On Sunday the 10th of September, I and my wife went out about four in the afternoon, and left the apprentice and the maidservant to take care of the house. I came home about ten o'clock. I went up into the shop. I found the trap-door open, and all the windows open; then I thought the house had been robbed. I went to the drawer where my gold and silver work was, and missed the whole; and in my bed-chamber the drawer belonging to the glass was broke open, and the two gold rings and some other things were taken out. My maid-servant informed me that the prisoner went out about five o'clock; that made me suspect him. I made a proper search after him, and on Wednesday following he was taken in Whitechapel.


                  George
                   Wellden
               



            . I have been acquainted with the prisoner about half a year. I met him on Sunday, the 16th of September, near St. Andrew Church in Holborn; he had a bundle in his hand. He said he was going to his mother's in the Fleet Market, on dress himself, and asked me to hold the bundle till he came back again. I gave it to him when he came again. 
               
                  George
                   Humphreys
               



             and he and I were to go to Maid-stone, to see the prisoner's brother, who was in gaol there. I never saw the things taken out of the bundle.


                  Elizabeth
                   Donnelly
               



            . I was servant to Mr. 
               
                  Burr
                   Griffin
               



            . When my master went out he left the prisoner and me to take care of the house. The prisoner sent me out for an halfpenny worth of plumbs; a little after that he sent me out for an halfpenny worth of apples; I took the two children with me. I was gone near a quarter of an hour; When I came back the parlour-door was locked. He took the applies from me, and damned me, and said, he could get no rest. He went down into the kitchen; when he came up again, he took the key of the shop, and went up stairs; a when he came down again he went out. He said he should not be gone five minutes, and bid me not go from the door; this was about five o'clock; he did not return again. When I went to set the tea-things, I missed four tea-spoons; I thought my mistress had laid them by; when she came home I asked her, and that led to a discovery of the robbery.
Q. Was any body else in the house besides the prisoner and you?
Donnelly. There was nobody else, and I did not leave the house after the prisoner went.


                  Samuel
                   Burgess
               



            . I am an errand-boy to Mr. Hooke. I met the prisoner the night the robbery was committed. I went with him to the Three Tuns in New-street; he pulled out a watch-case, a ring, and some pieces of coin; the ring had a stone in it. He said he got them from his master's. He said he intended to sell them.
Q. Had you been at his master's that Sunday evening?
Burgess. I have been there several times, but I was not there that day. After we had been at the Three Tuns about five minutes, 
               
                  George
                   Welldon
               



             came in, and he and the prisoner went and told this to a fellow-servant that was of his. that now lives with a surgeon in Holborn; and when Mr. 
               
                  Burr
                   Griffin
               



             went there to enquire, she acquainted him with what I told her.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am entirely innocent of the robbery. I went out on Sunday evening to my mother's; I staid later than ordinary, and was afraid to go home. I met 
               
                  George
                   Wilson
               



             and 
               
                  George
                   Humphreys
               



            ; we all agreed to go down to Maid-stone; we had not money enough, or we should have gone; as I was walking down Whitechapel, I was taken into custody.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
