





(2d M.) 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      GLESPY
                  , otherwise 
ANN M'COY




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one large damask table cloth, value 5 s. one black silk cloak trimmed with black lace, value 5 s. nine linen sheets, value 20 s. three damask breakfast cloths, value 18 d. one chintz morning gown coat, value 10 s. one worked muslin apron, value 3 s. one laced handkerchief, value 12 d. two yards and a half of figured muslin, value 15 s. four large silver table spoons, value 20 s. one mahogany knife case, value 10 s. ten knives tipped with silver, value 5 s. eleven forks tipped with silver, value 5 s. five desert knives tipped with silver, value 3 s. one pair of dimity pockets, value 12 d. one laced night cap, value 6 d. two cambrick handkerchiefs, value 2 s. one black silk hat trimmed with black silk lace, value 3 s. one pair of white silk stockings, value 3 s. and two linen shifts, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        Harriot
                         Mead
                     



                  , Spinster
; one black silk cloak trimmed with black lace, value 4 s. one white muslin cloak trimmed with lace, value 8 s. one white sattin cloak, value 2 s. one linen shift, value 3 s. one muslin apron, value 5 s. one lawn apron, value 12 d. and two yards of white thread lace, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth
                      Lamb
                  



               
            , Spinster
, July 1
. ++
Harriot Mead. I live in Portland street


; the prisoner was my servant
; she lived with me a fortnight; I missed the several things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) about ten o'clock in the morning, the first of July; I saw them the evening before the prisoner was gone; I made an information at Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's the same forenoon, in consequence of which the prisoner was apprehended about three o'clock in the afternoon in a hackney coach; she had with her the green knives and forks, a black silk hat, and four spoons, and she had one of my shifts on.


                  John
                   Brook
               



            . I live with Mr. Masterman, a pawnbroker; the prisoner came to me on Friday the first of July, in the afternoon, and wanted me to lend her two guineas upon four table spoons; I stop'd her; she said Miss Mead in Portland Row had sent her; I asked her why she came so far; she said Miss Mead had just been arrested for 60 l. and was then in Fuller's rents, and she came to the first house; my master proposed I should go and inquire about it, but the made an excuse, and said she did not chuse to be seen by us; she said she would go and bring a note from her. (The things produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)


                  Elizabeth
                   Lamb
               



            . I live with Miss Mead. I lost the several things mentioned in the indictment as my property; I found two cloaks at two different pawnbrokers.


                  Ann
                   Gibson
               



            . I am a pawnbroker at the Seven Dials. On the first of July, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I took in a table cloth of the prisoner. (The cloth produced and deposed to by Harriot Mead.)
Humphry Bladon. I am a pawnbroker. I took in a black clock of the prisoner; I delivered it to the prosecutrix.
Prosecutrix. I left it in a hackney coach last night.


                  John
                   Cooper Middleburst
               



            . I live with Mr. 
               
                  Clarke
               


             a pawnbroker in Holborn; on the first of July, between three and four in the afternoon, I took in a muslin cloak of the prisoner; she was very much in liquor; she said her mistress wanted a little money to make up bill.


                  Alexander
                   Roy
               



            . On the first of July the prisoner came to my apartment, and said her mistress was arrested and was in a spunging house, and desired me to let her bring a box of things she wanted to raise a few guineas on; she brought the box; she went away again and fetched the keys, and took the things out to pawn; she sent a porter back to desire me to come to Mr. Dobree, the pawnbroker, in Holborn, to give her a character; I went to the pawnbroker's; he asked me if I knew the woman; I said yes, several years; I said I knew nothing of the things, only she said her mistress was in distress; from there we went with some things to Mr. Masterman's; she received two guineas there, and then she wanted to buy some ear-rings. I said I thought it not right to spend her mistress's money; the lad hearing what I said stopt her.
The prisoner in her defence said, that her mistress was arrested by a silk-mercer in Oxford street, and sent her to pawn the things to raise the money.
Prosecutrix. I never was arrested, nor ever gave her any authority to pawn my things.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
