






690, 691. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      WENTWORTH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      BRINDLEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing one silk purse, value 1 d. and six double louis d'ors, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Lewis
                      Fortier
                  




               
            , Oct. 16th
. *
(The prosecutor being a foreigner and not speaking English, an interpreter was sworn.)


                  Lewis
                   Fortier
               



            . I met the two prisoners in Piccadilly


; they asked me to treat them with a bowl of punch; we went into a house and had 2 s. worth of punch; as soon as we had finished the bowl of punch, I called a coach to go home; when I got into the coach I missed my purse out of my pocket with the six double louis d'ors; this was about a quarter after nine; I  had seen it about half an hour before; I was in the house with the woman about half an hour; when I went into the coach I left the women at the door of the public house.

Q. How soon after you was in the coach?
Fortier. The moment I got in the coach.
Q. Why did you not stop the coach and see after the women?
Fortier. I went home and told my sister, and cried about my purse; she lives by Spring-gardens.
Q. What sort of a purse was it?
Fortier. A green silk purse knit; I am sure the prisoners are the women; the biggest was in my right hand and the other in my left; they were taken up on Saturday night; the purse has never been found; the constable has some of the money.


                  Mary
                   Brown
               



            . I lodge in Dyot-street, St. Giles's: the night of this robbery, between twelve and one in the morning, the two prisoners came in with bits of lighted candles and new cardinals, and said they had got a good booty, for they had picked up a drunken Frenchman, and that they got a hackney coach and drove to the devil almost; 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Wentworth
               



             said she had pretty long fingers, that she dipped them into his pocket and took out his purse presently, and shewed me the two guinea pieces; and Wentworth swore by God they had a guinea and half more; I happened to mention it next day in a public house, and one Mr. Newman who was sitting there, called me out and asked me about it; I told him the truth, and he went and got a constable and took them the next morning; I had a piece of the money in my hand; Brindley asked me if ever I saw a two guinea piece, and gave it me into my hand.


                  Christopher
                   Wildman
               



            . The prisoners came to our house between ten and eleven o'clock last Saturday night; I keep a pawnbroker's shop in Long-acre; they came in a hackney coach; Brindley and the coachman came in first, and then the other; Brindley said she had got a 36 s. piece; Mr. Heather said it was not a 36 s. piece; he said he would buy it of her; she said a Frenchman sent her to buy a shift to her back because she had never a one; they asked if we had any linen gowns; I went to another shop to fetch some, and while I was gone Mr. Heather shewed them some cardinals and some garnets; they paid for them with this piece of foreign coin (producing it).
Q. to the prosecutor. What day was you robbed?
Prosecutor. Last Saturday.
Q. to 
               
                  Mary
                   Brown
               



            . Is that one of the pieces you saw?
' Brown. It is like it.


                  Jane
                   Connelly
               



            . I live in Monmouth-street: I keep a sale shop; the prisoners came to my shop on Sunday morning, and bought two gowns, two petticoats, and some other things; one of them produced a foreign piece, and said it was worth a 36 s. piece; I allowed that for it; when I had changed one piece they would not have the things unless I changed two pieces more; they said they were worth 36 s. a piece; I never saw no such money before; on Monday I wanted to make up some money; I sent them to the refiners to sell; they gave me 40 s. a piece for them. (A double louis d'or shewn her).
Q. Were they like that?
Connelly. I believe they were the same coin; I cannot positively say; I was sent for to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, and he gave me my things again; and I gave to the constable the difference of the change; the things they bought came to 3 l. 6 s. 3 d. I gave them in change 2 l. 1 s. 9 d. I gave the constable 3 l. 12 s. 3 l. for the gowns and petticoats that were returned to me, which came to that; and the 12 s. the overplus that I received at the refiner's when I sold the money.
Blanchville Clark. On Sunday I was informed of this robbery by one Mr. Newman; he went with me to a public house; we found the prisoners there at breakfast with five or six more in the garret; I said they had robbed a Frenchman that night; they said they wished he would come to their face and say so for a French bugger; I searched them and found the gowns, petticoats and a cloak; the gowns and petticoats were delivered to Connelly before the Justice; I took them to Sir John's and he desired me to take them to Bridewell; on the Monday I made enquiry after the prosecutor; I advertised him in two papers, and at night a person brought him to me.


                  Francis
                   Assin
               



            . On Saturday night I was in a public house where the prisoners were, and bought two double louis d'ors of them at 36 s. a piece; I sold them both for 4 l. they were the same coin or very near the same with that produced in Court.
Q. to the prosecutor. Do you know that piece; is it one of them you had in your purse?
Prosecutor. Yes, I believe it is; I cannot be sure to the money itself; one of the pieces is scratched, but this is not.

Wentworth's Defence.
This woman and I were going to get some stuff for my hands, they were sore; this man followed us, and asked us to drink some wine; we said we were no wine ladies; he insisted upon our drinking something, and took us to a house, and called for rum or brandy and water; we said we were very poor, and he gave us three pieces of money a-piece; we shewed them to every body; we did not know what they were; we sat and drank, we do not know how much.
Brindley's Defence.
The gentleman followed us, and asked us to have some drink; he was very much in liquor; he gave us three pieces of money a-piece.
Prosecutor. I did not give it them; I paid for two bowls of punch, but did not give them any money at all.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
