






60, 61. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Jackson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Martin
                      M'Guire
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Mould
                        




                     
                  , on the twenty-ninth of December
, about the hour of two in the night, and stealing a copper furnace, a copper cistern, a copper cover, a brass cover, and a copper tea-kettle, the property of the said 
                     
                        William
                         Mould
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            . *


                  William
                   Mould
               



            . The twenty-ninth of last month my house was broke open; it was fastened by myself the night before; they broke open the kitchen in at the window. I fastened the window at twelve o'clock; the next morning, about half after seven, I got up; I had no sleep in the night. My wife and I came down in the morning together; the window was opened; I missed a copper furnace, a few copper coverlids, and a copper tea-kettle. All these things were in the kitchen. The two prisoners were drinking in the room when I fastened the window. I was acquainted with one of them, particularly M'Guire. I know nothing of the other, no further than being there that night. As soon as I found this affair, I suspected these two persons. I then went to Justice Welch, and made information against them. Jackson was taken up on Tuesday morning following. The justice granted a warrant. It was on Saturday he was put in the Round-house. I went to them with the constable, and the man that took them was with me: he offered his service to the man to go to the place where they had sold his things. I was with them. They were taken by Mr. Pomroy. He said he would go to the place where the things were. I made him no promise of favour. He took us to the place where the goods were, Mr. Pomroy, I, and the constable. The things were in Great Newport-street, Seven Dials. I found my things there; I knew them to be my property. [The things produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.] I have not spoken to them since they were before Justice Welch. Having heard a bad character of M'Guire, was the reason of my suspecting him.


                  James
                   Pomroy
               



            . I took 
               
                  Jackson
               


             the Thursday night following the robbery. He owned that he broke open Mr. Mould's house. He was in liquor when I took him. He said it was him and M'Guire. He was sober next morning: I asked him where he had sold the things; he told us. Mr. Warren and I went with him to the place. We found these goods; they were owned by the prosecutor. I said it was proper the buyer should be taken into custody. He was taken, and put into the Round-house. Jackson said he would go and shew us where M'Guire lodged. He said M'Guire was the person who sold the things. We took M'Guire in Bridge-street, Hyde Park Corner. He was in bed. We brought him to Mr. Welch's. M'Guire did not say any thing.


                  John
                   Inquant
               



            . I bought these goods of M'Guire. It was on Monday; I know not the day of the month. I gave him twenty shillings and two-pence for them. I asked how he came by them; he said they were his own property.


                  Charles
                   Warren
               



            . I am a constable. I went with Mr. Pomroy to the house where they foun these things. Jackson gave me directions. We went to Bridge-street to take M'Guire. He was in bed.
Mr. Mould again. I heard no noise in the house in the night. It was day-light when I came down stairs.
Jackson's Defence.
I was coming up St. Giles's, and I met this M'Guire. I asked him to take a part of a pint of beer at Mr. Mould's, and then we went into the kitchen. While we were drinking the last pint, M'Guire got up to make water, and took the pin out of the window. Mrs. Mould came out; she would not let us stay any longer. We went to another house, and staid till two o'clock. Coming back from that house, M'Guire went back, and got into this house, and took all these things. He went and hid them. I went to an alehouse to have a pint of beer, and some bread and cheese. We went there, and staid till it was late. About six o'clock he gave me the copper, and sent me with it to Mr. Inquant.
M'Guire. What he says is very false. I never went into the house. I have some witnesses at the door. They were called, but none appeared.
Both 


               guilty of Felony only
            . 



               T
            

