





402. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Hughes
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard
                            Riley
                        




                     
                  , on the twenty-eighth of April
, about the hour of two in the night, and stealing a violin, value 20 s. a german flute, value 10 s. two paper books, bound in parchment, value 10 s. two steel spindles, value 10 s. 40 lb. of block tin, value 30 s. a silver watch, value 50 s. and one gold ring, value 20 s. the property of the said Richard, in his dwelling house
            . +


                  Richard
                   King
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. My servant came up to me on the twenty-ninth of April, about eight o'clock in the morning, and asked me if my wife might lend a shilling upon this flute; I sent down word she might. When I came down I examined the flute; I suspected it was stolen; I told my wife so; I enquired what sort of a man brought it: afterwards in the advertisement I saw the flute described, a light-coloured flute, mounted with ivory. As I was standing behind the compter my wife jogged me, and said, This is the man a coming that pawned the flute. He told my wife he lived upon Salt 
               
                  Peter
                   Bank
               



            . The prisoner came in, and said, I want the flute I pawned on Monday morning for a shilling: he wanted three shillings more upon it: I asked him what name; he said, 
               
                  George
                   Hughes
               



            : he said he lived at St. Catharines. I said, How came you to tell my wife you lived on Salt 
               
                  Peter
                   Bank
               



            ? he said he did not say so, but that the man lived there from whom he had the flute. I told him I wanted to examine him; he opened the door, looked spitefully back at me, and ran away; I followed him, and called Stop thief, and he was taken. He said before the justice, he found it on Tower-hill.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am innocent.




               Guilty of stealing only
            , 


               T
            .
