





63. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      TUGWELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six pieces of red cloth for cloaks, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Bird
                  




               
            , Nov. 23
. +


                  Jane
                   Bird
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor; we live in Cranbourn-alley


. On the 24th of November I lost some red cloth, cut out for two cloaks, and some pieces of cloth besides, from out of the window; I missed them the minute after they were lost; I believe I had seen them not above an hour before, between six and seven o'clock; I have a Chinese hatch to the shop; I saw it open at that time; being dark I did not perceive any hand or any thing of that kind; I missed the cloth; I sent some shop bills round the neighbourhood, and in half an hour after I was sent for to St. Martin's-lane, to Mr. Hall's, a pawnbroker's; the prisoner was stopped there with the cloak. (The cloak produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.) I had her before Justice Welch, who granted a search warrant, and in her lodgings we found the other pieces of cloth cut out for the other cloak, and some pieces of cloth besides; the whole remainder of what I had lost (produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)


                  John
                   Brigg
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Hall, the pawnbroker. On the 24th of November the prisoner came to our shop to pawn the cloak; I lent her six shillings, and took down her name and place of abode; she was not gone long before Bird came with the hand bills to stop it in case it was offered to be pawned, and told us they had lost such things; I turned to the note; I had taken down the name and place of abode; I went to her lodgings and brought her to our shop, and then I sent for the prosecutrix; she owned the cloak when she saw it, and the prisoner was taken before the Justice.


                  Charles
                   Drum
               



            . I am a constable; I went with the search warrant to the prisoner's lodgings; there I found the cloak and the pieces of cloth produced.
Prisoner's Defence.
I submit myself to the mercy of the Court.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
