






23, 24. (M) 
               
                  
                     PETER
                      FARRELL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      NICHOLLAY, otherwise 
NICHOLAS




               
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Bellinger
                     



                  , on the 20th of November
, about the hour of three in the night, and stealing seven silver table spoons, value 3 l. 10 s. one silver soup spoon. value 3 l. two silver tea-spoons, value 3 s. and 120 copper half-pence
            , the property of the said 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Bellinger
                  




               
            , in his dwelling-house. *


                  Mary
                   Belinge
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. On the 20th of last month I saw all the doors and windows in the house safe before I went to bed; a man knocked very hard at the door about five o'clock in the morning; he is a lodger, his name is 
               
                  William
                   Mince
               



            , he said you have forgot to shut the bar; I said, no, I had not; I jumped out of bed and went down stairs, seeing the manner in which it had been opened, I said I believed it must be an old servant of mine to open the place in the manner in which it was done, 
               
                  Samuel
                   Higbet
               



             that had been gone from me some time. I saw a drawer had been opened, out of which the spoons were taken, which shut in between two cup-boards, and could not have been easily discovered but by a person that knew of it. I went out of the bar and ran up stairs in a fright; I said my house is robbed, my bat is broken open; I found all my lodgers a-bed that went to bed at night; I came down again and could not find any place where the thieves could have broke in. Mince went and called the watchmen. I suspected someby must have let them in finding the outer door a-jar. I told my lodgers that they should all go with me before Justice Fielding; they all went with me to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, and the justice sent one of them to prison, who is admitted an evidence. I have never found any thing that I lost. I found this bricklayer's tool by the side of the bar; they call it a line pin.
Q. Did you observe any thing particular about the door, the bar, or the till?
Belinger. There was a hole made by which they could pull back the spring lock, the drawer of the till was cut with a knife in order to get at the lock.
- Mince. I have lodged in this house eleven years. When I got up at five in the morning. I saw the bar open, and I alarmed Mrs. Bellinger. The top shutter was put down against the door; the till appeared to be cut open with a knife.
- Wetherby. I am a watch man. I came down by the prosecutor's door at ten o'clock, then all was safe; at half after twelve having called the hour I went to my box; there was a young fellow. in a white coat, whistled between his fingers; then a man opened a sash in the prosecutor's house, and put his head and shoulders out at the window, and said where are they: the man in the street said, they are all together, will not you come down and go along with them? He replied, no, he could not come down. Then the clock struck one; I took my lanthorn and went round to call the four. I cou'd see no person there then.
Q. How long might it be before you came back?
Wetherby. More than a quarter of an hour. The place where the back door is, don't belong to me. It is within sight of my stand. I look'd at the door when I came back; all was fast then.
Q. Did you hear any noise in the house?
Wetherby. No; I called the hour at two; I saw nothing then. When I came back from calling the half hour after two, Sam came up into the court.
Q. Do you know his sirname?
Wetherby. No; he had been a servant to the prosecutor but a short time before; I thought he had been so then: He threw something up at the same path that the man had before looked out at, which was two stories high. I told him not to offer to throw any thing up at that time, for I would not suffer him to do any such thing. Then I saw the sash go up, and a man put out his hand, and wagged his fingers, by way of beckoning to him. Then Sam went away, and the man pulled the sash down again: Then the clock struck three. I took my lanthorn, and went round, and called the hour. When I came back, my candle was almost out; I had left a spare candle in my box, which was gone when I came back. I went and challenged some draymen with having taken it; they said they had not. I walked into the alley, and saw the door standing a little a jar; that was about half an hour after three. I thought I heard something stirring about the place: I struck the door three times with my staff, and two young fellows jumped out at the door. I asked them what they were doing there: They said they were going to their work. Then presently another came out. I saw the glimpse of a candle a going up stairs, but it was put out in a minute. I took care of the door till Mr. Mince came down: Then I told him they had got careless lodgers, for I did not think they were thieves; if I had, I would have had them all taken. Sam was the third that came out of the house: I did not know then that Sam had left the service.
Q. Do you know either of the men that came out first?
Wetherby. No.
Q. Do you know who it was that looked out at the window?
Wetherby. It was 
               
                  Joseph
                   Ellidge
               



            .
Q. Did you see the men that came out have any thing?
Wetherby. No; I suppose the things were in their pockets.


                  John
                   Shephard
               



            . I am a baker. I saw Sam about twelve o'clock on the night the house was broke open. I saw him in the court near the house with two or three other men, but I don't know either of them.


                  Christopher
                   Movon
               



            . I saw 
               
                  Peter
                   Farrell
               



            , and I think four more, on the 20th of November, in the court near Mr. Bellenger's house, about twelve at night. I saw Sam the waiter, and one Bowman, and another man that was taken up and discharged at Sir John Fielding's. There were five or six standing in the court. Sam said Moxon, I wish you would lend me six-pence, for I have left my place, and have no money. I was going to lay at Mr. Bellenger's that night; it is a public-house. As I was going to lend Sam six-pence, while I had my hand in my pocket, Farrell put his hand into my pocket, and picked out a glove and comb. Sam said, if you take any thing out of his pocket, I'll knock your head off; so he gave me my comb and glove again. Shepherd was coming home along with me; Moody attempted to pick his pocket; I am certain Farrell was one of the men that was in the court. When we searched him, we took about 4 l. out of his pocket. Edridge lay with me that night.
Q. Did you perceive him get up in the night?
Moxon. No


                  William
                   Smith
               



            . 
               
                  Joseph
                   Edridge
               



             and I were up in the room about twelve o'clock: Somebody came into the court, and gave a whistle. I said, I imagine that is Shepherd come home. There were four of us in the room a going to bed. Edridge jumped down and went to the window. I said, who is it? is it Shepherd? He said, no. I said, who is it? He said, it is nobody that you know. I went to look over his shoulder, and he pushed me away. I said, well, if I don't know them, I don't want to know them.
Q. Do you remember any body's going down stairs in the night?
Smith. No; when Shepherd came, I would have gone down to let him in, but Edridge would go down; that was about half an hour after he looked out at the window.

Q. Did any body come in with Shepherd?
Smith. Yes, 
               
                  Christopher
                   Moxon
               



            . I told Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             this story, and upon that account Edridge was detained.


                  Joseph
                   Edridge
               



            , the accomplice, deposed, that he lodged at the prosecutor's at the time of the robbery; that he let in Sam and three other men about two o'clock in the morning; that the prisoners were two of them; that he stood po the stairs, and did not see what they did; that he went up stairs to bed, and left them below, and that he knew of their coming to rob the house the night before.
Nicholay's Defence.
I know nothing at all about it; and I know nothing of those that have escaped.
Farrel's Defence.
I know nothing at all about the affair.
Both 


               guilty of stealing only
            . 



               T
            .
