





645. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      CLARKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a child's-linen frock, value six-pence; two check linen aprons, value sixpence; two coarse linen aprons, value sixpence; a pair of women's stays, value eight-pence; two child's flannel petticoats, value four-pence; a child's stuff skirt, value one penny; two linen pockets value six-pence; and fifteen shillings and two-pence half-penny in money
            , numbered, to property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin
                      Marshall
                  




               
            , June the 3d
. ++


                  Mary
                   Marshall
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Marshall
               



            ; we live in Goswell-street


; I employed the prisoner to nurse my child; when I went to bed on the third of June, I put my pockets between my husband's and my head, the prisoner lay in the same room; I wak'd about three in the morning, and the prisoner and the things mentioned in the indictment were gone, and the doors left wide open: when I had her taken up, she owned that she took the things.


                  Lydia
                   Porter
               



            . I went with the prosecutrix to the prisoner in new prison; she confessed there to me the taking of the things from the prosecutrix; she told me, she had pawned them in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Palmer
               



            , and she said she took the pockets from under the prosecutrix's head, and that there were fifteen shillings and two-pence halfpenny in them; there were no promises made her in order to induce her to confess.
Prisoner's Defence.
I don't know what to say.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


