





371. (2d. L.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      HEALEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a printed book, bound in red leather, entitled, the French Grammar, by 
                     
                        Louis
                         Chambaud
                     



                  , value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Bathurst
                  




               
            , March 16th
. ~
Mr. 
               
                  Charles
                   Bathurst
               



            , the prosecutor, a bookseller
 in Fleet Street


, deposed, that he employed the prisoner in his house as a journeyman bookbinder
; that having lost many books, he on the 16th of March, ordered his servant 
               
                  William
                   Thompson
               



             to watch the prisoner; who informed him that the prisoner had taken a book; upon which he sent for a constable, who searching the prisoner, found the book mentioned in his breeches (which was produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  William
                   Thompson
               



             deposed, that the workshop in which the prisoner was employed lay backwards, at the end of a long passage; the way to which was through the front shop; that he missed the book mentioned in the indictment, as soon as the prisoner had passed through the shop; which he informed Mr. Bathurst of; he also confirmed the evidence given by Mr. Bathurst.


                  Thomas
                   Fremble
               



             the constable, deposed, that he found the book in the prisoner's breeches.
The prisoner in his defence said, that his master had entertained a good opinion of him, and had lent him between two and three pounds to take up his freedom. He called 
               
                  William
                   Bainfield
               



            , who had known him twenty-five or twenty six years; 
               
                  Mary
                   Littleton
               



            , eight years; 
               
                  Sarah
                   Pigg
               



            , twenty years, and Samuel Watson, three or four years, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
