





57. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR
                      POWELL
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing 16 l. in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Charles
                         Heley
                     



                  , in his dwelling house
            , Oct. 30th
. *


                     Charles
                      Heley
                  




               
            . I keep the Gun, at Hungerford-market




; the prisoner lived with me three months; she left me the 3d of November last. She had lived with me before and behaved well; I wanted a servant, so took her again, employed her as house maid
, chiefly in the business in the kitchen. I keep my money in my bed room up one pair of stairs; my wife and I, and this girl, were the only people that had access to this room; when the bed was made my wife used to help her; the door, when we were not doing business in the room, was always kept locked; sometimes the girl was left there to do the work after making the bed. She owned she had taken it; it was in a drawer in a new chest of drawers in this room; a bag of silver of 30 l. had been there a month or six weeks; I made this bag a reserve for change when the taylors came to my house; I had another bag of silver in the drawer which I used to resort to for common change; there were 13 l. odd shillings only left in it when I came to examine it on the 3d of November; the girl went away the 1st of November. The way I found it out was. I had ten guineas to put up; I happened to put my hand upon this bag, and found it less than it ought to be; I counted it and discovered my loss. I wondered the girl did not come back for her wages; I heard she was flush of money; I took her up; she did then own she had taken it at different times; that she had taken some on Friday the 13th of October; we found this key (producing it) in a drawer of a chest of drawers which this girl had to keep her things in; it unlocks my drawers as well as the key I have myself.
Q. Did you make any promise to her?
Heley. I did promise I would be as favourable to her as possibly I could, if I could get my money again; upon this she owned she had taken this money, and had been furnished with a key by 
               
                  Ann
                   Murray
               



             to open the drawer; she said she had left the rest of the money at 
               
                  Ann
                   Murray
               



            's; she told us the place it was in at Murray's; it was she said sewed up in a bag. The constable and I went to search at Murray's in King's-head-court, opposite Drury-lane-theatre: it is a bad place, we could find none of the money she took; about 10 l. or 12 l. she left there; we found none of it; she gave me this ring as being bought with part of the money she took from me.


                  John
                   Watermore
               



             deposed that he heard the prisoner confess she took this money, these different times; that she had left about 10 l. or 12 l. in Ann Murray's care, and that she had bought a gown, and a ring with part of the money.


                  Joseph
                   Wood
               



            . I am a constable; I went in search of the prisoner; I found her in a publick house in King's-street Covent-garden, in the evening, with another woman; she owned the fact; I went and found the box and ruffle cuffs at Murray's but no money.
Prisoner's Defence.
She called three people, who gave her a good character.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            . 


               T
            .
