





543. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ANDREW
                      BROWN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 50 lb. of lead, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Lyster
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Lyster
                        



                     
                  , the said lead being affixed to an empty house their property
            , Aug. 25th
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Lyster
               



            . I and my father are the owners of the house from whence the lead was stole.


                  Edward
                   Matthews
               



            . I stopped the prisoner some time after with the lead on his back; he attempted to run away, but I secured him, and took him to the watch-house, and I went to the house next morning, and compared the lead.


                  Robert
                   Beatness
               



            . I am a carpenter: I remember the lead; it was taken on the prisoner and lodged in the watch-house; I work for Mr. Lyster; we went down in the morning to see if we knew the the man at the watch-house; he was a labourer
 that worked at the building; I went and measured the lead, and it answered to the length of the place it was gone from; there was a rub stone stood on the lead, to sharp our knives on, and there is the grit of the rub stone that flies off of it on the lead; it is on the lead now.
Q. Was the lead carried to the house and compared?
Beatness. No, it was measured, and the dimensions agreed with the lead.


                  Joseph
                   Quick
               



            . About half after ten o'clock Matthews the watchman rung his rattle, and cried stop thief! I ran and laid hold of the prisoner, Matthews said he had stole some lead. I said, my friend, where had you it from? he said he stole it from the house that was Lord Deloraine's and is Mr. Lyster's.

Prisoner's Defence.
I saw two men with the lead; I was coming up to them; they laid the lead down and went away, and I took the lead up and laid it on my shoulder, and walked away with it, but the watchman stopped me; I did not know whose lead it was.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
