





456. (L.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      MASTERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing ten pound of beef, value 3 s. two flat irons, value 18 d. one wooden bowl, value 3 d. and one mahogany bottle stand
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry
                      Hine
                  




               
            , May 24
. ++


                  Mary
                   Ann Hine
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry
                   Hine
               



            ; I lived in Throgmorton street


 before the fire; from that house I lost the things, at the time of the fire; I did not see the prisoner take the things.
William Skot. I am a fire-man; as I was coming along on Saturday the 9th of May, at five o'clock in the afternoon, I met this man with the things on him at the top of Grace-church-street: I asked him where he was going: he said to one Mr. Lyons, New court, Broad-street; I said he was going the wrong way; I went with him to the gentleman, he said he knew nothing of the man nor the goods, so I delivered him to a constable. (The things produced.)
Mrs. Hine. I can swear to all but the beef, one joint may be like another; I cannot swear to that; I lost such a piece.
Prisoner's Defence.
The things were put into my lap; they were given to me by a gentleman that lives in the gentlewoman's house.
For the Prisoner.


                  Susannah
                   King
               



            . The prisoner lived two years and a half with my husband, a butcher, in Catharine-wheel-alley, about a year and a quarter ago. He behaved very well; I cannot say where he has been since he left us.


                  Mary
                   Johnston
               



            . All I know of him is, he has lodged a twelve month in my house. I never knew a pinch of snuff of him. He drove a cart for one Blunt; he behaved well; he always was in between nine and ten o'clock; I never heard any other then a good-character of him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
