





305. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      LONE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Slapp
                        




                     
                  , on the 10th of May
, about the hour of three in the night, and stealing one tin box, value 1 s. 2 lb. of barley sugar, value 1 s. two bread cakes, value 10 d.. and three glass fountains, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Slapp
                     



. +


                  Sarah
                   Slapp
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Slapp
               



            : my husband is out of his mind. I keep a pastry-cook's shop

near Carnaby-market


: my house was broke open on the 10th of this month; between two and three in the morning the watchman alarmed us, and told us the house was broke open; the street door was fast, and the window pinned; the bar of the parlour window was broke, one shutter down and the sash open. I went to bed about eleven o'clock the night before. We missed the things mentioned in the indictment. I found this butcher's cleaver in the window (producing it); my man took the prisoner and brought him to me about twenty minutes after the alarm.


                  John
                   Smith
               



            . On the 10th of May, about three o'clock in the morning, my mistress alarmed me, and told me the house was broke open; I came down and opened the door, and saw the window broke open; we found this cleaver in the window; I went into a slaughter-house and heard somebody over head who went out at the other end; I pursued the person with the cleaver in my hand but I could not find him; returning home I saw the prisoner in Hopkins-street; I said that is him; the prisoner saw me, went a few steps, threw down the things and ran away; I pursued him to Windmill-street, and there he surrendered himself to the watchman; he was never out of my sight the sixtieth part of a moment; he called me by my name, and begged that I would let him go; I said I would not if he was my own brother; he was an apprentice to a pastry-cook in Carnaby-street; I know the things to be my mistress's property; two fountains were thrown down with the other things, and the other was taken from him in the watch-house; I delivered him to the watchman. I came back and found the things as they were dropped. (Mrs. Slapp deposes to the things produced).
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not take the things: going to work I picked them up. I went a portering to Newgate-market; the person cried stop thief, and frightened me, so I threw them down.


                  William
                   Bristow
               



            . When I took him I asked how he came to be guilty of taking the things; he said he took them entirely for want; that he was starving.
For the Prisoner.


                  John
                   Silly
               



            . The prisoner was a pastry-cook
: I believe he has drawn beer
 since; I lived pretty near him for a time in Great-White-Lion-street; he lived there about two months ago. I never heard any thing laid to his charge before this.




               Guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
