






90. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Mackaway
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John
                      Welch
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one silver snuffers-stand, value 50 s. and one pair of steel snuffers, value two shillings; the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel
                            Patterson
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , December 14
. +
Mr. 
               
                  Samuel
                   Patterson
               



            . I know nothing from my own knowledge. Upon Friday, December 14, my servant, 
               
                  John
                   Hays
               



            , gave me an account that he had lost the snuffers-stand.


                  John
                   Hays
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Patterson. I have the care of the snuffers and the snuffers-pan. I missed them the same evening, a little after three, when I went to shut the windows up. I cleaned them in the morning along with the rest of the plate. The drawer was open, and the window was shoved up; that was the butler's pantry. The constable came next day, and asked me if we had lost any plate the day before? He came about ten o'clock. I replied, We had left a silver snuffer-stand, and a pair of steel snuffers, and that was all. He replied, Here is one of the thieves that stole them. He had Wilson along with him. I went and acquainted my master. The constable brought him in to my master. Wilson had given evidence against them, I apprehend, before he came to our house. He said they were both concerned with him.
Q. Have you seen these things since?
Hays. Yes. Cooper, the constable, brought them before the sitting alderman. I can sware these are my master's property.
Q. From the prisoner. Whether you saw us loitering about the house?
Hays. No; never.


                  Samuel
                   Cooper
               



            . I am a constable. On Friday, the 14th of December, I was going to Mr. Sheriff Baker's. The coachman came out. There was Wilson, Mackaway, and Welch, going a little way before me, about a dozen yards. The coachman said to me, There are three bad lads you ought to take. The coachman said they had got some plate; they have robbed somebody. The coachman's name is 
               
                  William
                   Ford
               



            . They went as far as London-wall. Then they turned round by the new church. I saw no more of them till they came to Houndsditch. Then Welch went on the left side, Mackaway and Wilson on the right; Welch seeing us, began to run; accordingly I pursued him; he turned up Constable-street; I hollowed out, Stop him, Stop him. There was a chimney-sweeper coming along; he got hold of him. Welch had this piece of plate in his hand, behind him: he dropped it when the chimney-sweeper took hold of him. I came up to him and secured him. The chimney-sweeper picked the plate up. I took Welch to the Poultry-Compter. We asked him where the other lads were to be found that were with him. He said he had nothing to say till he was sworn and admitted an evidence. The Alderman bid him shew where he had stole the plate. He went and shewed us Mr. Patterson's house. Mr. Patterson asked him after the steel snuffers; he said he had thrown them upon Bethlam-wall. We went and found them where he described.
Q. From Muckaway. Where did you see me?
Cooper. At London Wall.
Q. Why did you not take me?
Cooper. I thought it proper to take the man that had the plate upon him.
Q. How came you to know he had the plate about him?
Cooper. Mr. Sheriff Baker's coachman told me one of them had given it Welch; and I saw him shuffle something into his bosom.
Q. From Welch. Where did you see me shuffle in my bosom?
Cooper. Just before Mr. Sheriff Baker's back gate.
John Torbutt, who is a chimney sweeper, deposed that he took Welch in the manner above described.


                  William
                   Ford
               



            , who is coachman to Mr. Sheriff Baker, confirmed what the witnesses had deposed of his giving intelligence of t he prisoner's having got the plate.
John Wilson, the accomplice, deposed that he went out a robbing with the prisoner's; that they went into King's Arms yard; that Welch pushed up Mr. Patterson's window, thrust in his body, and pulled a drawer out, in which the stands and snuffers were.
- Muckaway. I was along with Welch and Wilson; I went up to King's Arms yard to ease myself; they walked up the yard to wait for my coming along by London Wall; Wilson pulled out the plate, and said, he gave it to Welch.
Welch's Defence.
Wilson said he found it in Moorfields, and hid me put it in my pocket; I carried it in my hand along the street; I did not know it was stole.
Both 


               Guilty 39 s.
            




               T
            .
