





5. (L.) 
               
                  
                     LEWIS
                      SHARKEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of mens shoes, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Skuse
                  




               
            , October the 27th
. ++


                  William
                   Skuse
               



            , I keep a Yorkshire shoe-warehouse
. On the 27th of October between 8 and 9 o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into my shop, he said he had burst the upper leather of his shoe, and asked my man to give him credit for a pair of shoes, I bid my man tell him I would do no such thing, then he came through the shop to me, and said he lived in credit, that he knew several people in the neighbourhood, whose names he mentioned; I thought he might be distressed and agreed to let him have a pair. As soon as he was gone out of the shop, a person came in and said he had robbed me, my man went after him, and brought him back, and these two pair of shoes, (producing them) were found in his pocket, he took them out of his pocket himself before the constable came.


                  James
                   Dale
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Skuse On the 27th of October, the prisoner came to my master's shop, and asked if my master was at home, I said yes, he said he had had a misfortune with his shoe, he lifted up his foot and shewed me the upper leather of his shoe was burst; I told him to sit down, and I would sit him with a pair, he said he had another misfortune, he had no money about him, I told him my master would not trust any body, he said he lived in good credit and his name was Collins, and desired me to go and ask my master, who at last, told me to let him have a pair of shoes, the first pair I fitted on he did not like, I fetched another pair, tried them, and said they would do very well, I put the other shoes on his feet, and he bid me good night and went out; as soon as he was gone out, a young man came in, and told me he looked through the window and saw the prisoner take two pair of shoes; I went after him, he was then stooping and taking off the new shoes and putting on his old ones, I brought him back and charged him with having shoes about him that did not belong to him, he then pulled them out of his pocket. (The shoes were produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.


                  William
                   Shaw
               



            . I was coming along the Strand, at the corner of Essex-street, I saw the prisoner and some people about him, I asked what was the matter; they said, he had been in several shops, and they thought he wanted to defraud somebody, I followed him through Temple Bar, I saw him go into the prosecutors shop, I looked through the window, the last witness went into the parlour, while he was gone I saw the prisoner take a pair of shoes off the shelf and put them in his pocket, the man returned and then the prisoner went into the parlour; when he returned I saw the shop-man sitting on a pair of shoes; they would not do; while he was reaching another pair, I saw the prisoner take another pair of shoes and put under his coat, when he came out I went in and informed them of it.
Prisoner's Defence.
If I had time, I could bring many people to my character.
For the Prisoner.
- Stottle, I am a printer, I have known the prisoner several years, he did keep a publick-house, but he has failed in trade, he has bore a good character.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
