





129. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      MILLARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing thirty-two yards of woollen cloth, value 10 l. twelve yards of scarlet serge, value 40 s. and six yards of crimson serge, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Bailey
                  




               
            . Nov. 26
. ||


                  William
                   Bailey
               



            . I am the Bedford carrier
. I lost the cloth mentioned in the indictment out of my waggon on the 26th of November, between Barnet and Whetstone


. It was a truss, and came from Jones and Co. No. 11, facing the Mansion-house, directed to 
               
                  Richard
                   Swinston
               



            , at Bedford. I saw it put into the waggon in London.


                  John
                   William Stonehouse
               



            . I am warehouseman to Jones, Habbard and Burd. I measured the cloth, and delivered it to the porter to be pack'd up and carried; there was sixteen yards and three quarters, and seventeen yards of nap cloth, a mix'd lightish colour. There was fifteen of crimson, and fourteen and three quarters of scarlet serge. This I delivered to 
               
                  Paul
               


             the porter, to be carried to the White-hart, St. John's-street. I saw it afterwards at Justice Girdler's; the two pieces of nap cloth were exactly the same measure; I am certain it was the same cloth. There were two pieces cut up the middle; I put the seal of the house upon one of them. The serge was deficient, only six yards and a half one piece, and six and three quarters of the other, was remaining. It was as near that quantity as I can recollect. It was entered on the 25th, and delivered to the carrier on the 26th.


                  William
                   Paul
               



            . I am porter to Jones and Co. I carried the parcel out of the house; I can't be certain whether it was delivered to me to pack. I carried it to the inn to the Bedford carrier. I saw them book it, and put it into the waggon.


                  John
                   Ambridge
               



            . I drove the Bedford waggon the 26th of November. I had a truss of cloth in the waggon, directed to 
               
                  Richard
                   Swinston
               



            ; it was lost out of the waggon between Whetstone and Barnet; I missed it before I got to the bottom of Barnet hill; I had seen it on the other side of Whetstone.
Q. Had you staid behind the waggon?
Ambridge. No, I never was away from the waggon all the way; there were no passengers in the waggon; I walked with the horses.
Q. Did you see any body about the waggon?
Ambridge. No.
Q. Did you see the prisoner thereabouts?
Ambridge. No; it was between six and seven o'clock at night; it was dark; we set out between two and three. There were some empty flatts that we put butter in lay at the top of the waggon; I was afraid they would shake out, so I went to look after them beyond Whetstone; then I saw the truss was safe.
Q. Was the truss pretty heavy?
Ambridge. It weighed something above half a hundred weight. A man at the bottom of Barner hill came and asked me if I had not lost something; then I missed it. He said he saw somebody go away from behind the waggon with it that he then thought belonged to the waggon.


                  John
                   Dowler
               



            . I am a brass-founder, and live on Saffron-hill. I went to the Three-Pigeons in Turnmill-street for a pint of beer, on the 26th of November. The prisoner came in there, and asked me to carry a parcel up stairs to one 
               
                  Joseph
                   Fuller
               



            , that was an acquaintance of his. The people of the house did not chuse to let the prisoner go up. I carried it up; it was a piece of crimson serge tied up in a silk handkerchief. When I came down again, he asked me if it was safe; I said, the man said it was. Then he bid me go up and fetch him the outside handkerchief, and bid me tell the man he wanted him. I brought down the handkerchief, and Puller came down and spoke to him. Some words arose between the prisoner and another man in the house, and they went out. When I went to get my breakfast the next morning, the landlady asked me if I knew what I had done in carrying up that bundle. I said, no. She said she believed it was stolen. They stopt the things. I delivered the serge to Mr. 
               
                  Laws
               


             the constable.


                  Henry
                   Stocks
               



            . I keep the Three-Pigeons. The prisoner came into my house on the 26th of November, and asked for Puller. He was in liquor, so I desired they would not call Puller down. I found the piece of crimson serge under the bolster. The prisoner came for it next night, and we stopt him, and took him before Justice Girdler. He said there that he bought it of a man in Aldersgate-street.
(The serge produced.)
Stonehouse. This is the same quality and colour as that which was lost.



                  William
                   Laughar
               



            . I went to Mr. Stocks's house, and brought the serge down. The prisoner was below; I asked him who owned it; he said it was his, and if any body had more right to it, let them have it. I took him into custody on Thursday the 28th. I went to him, along with one Wenmore, to Clerkenwell Bridewell. I asked him where he bought it; he said he had sent a letter to the party he bought it of, and he would be with us in an hour or two. I waited four hours, no body came; so I advertised it the next day in the Daily Advertiser. The next day the prisoner said he had it of a man in Aldersgate-street that he never saw before; I apprehend he meant that he bought it of a man in the street.
Prisoner. I cannot tell what I said then, I was in liquor: he said he would make the cloth pay for it before he left the Old Bailey.
Laughar. I did not say so; I gave him share of a pint of beer now and then, and a bit of bread and cheese, out of humanity.


                  Edward
                   Prebble
               



            . I keep the White-horse, Chiswell-street, Moorfields. The prisoner and another man came into my house with two pieces of cloth, on (I think) the 27th of November, about twelve at noon; they had some in a sack, and a piece under their arms. After they had been about an hour, they asked if we could lodge him. I said he might lodge in the garret, and put the things in my bed-chamber. I thought he had brought them out of the country to sell. He went away, and I heard no more of him till Saturday, when the other man came to me, and told me, a spiteful person had put him in prison on suspicion of stealing the cloth, and asked me to let him have it. I would not. He said he was going down to be examined again, and asked me if I would go. I went, and told the justice of the other things. I saw it measured at the justice's; I think one of the two pieces was light cloth; one 17 yards and upwards, the other 16 yards, and one I believe about 12 yards of serge. I believe this to be the same.


                  John
                   Pinmore
               



            . I am a constable of the parish of St. James's, Clerkenwell. I went along with the prisoner before the justice. I went first to Bridewell to the prisoner; he said the man he bought it of in Aldersgate-street would be with us in about an hour. Mr. Prebble acquainted the justice, that he had a large quantity of cloth left at his house.
(The remainder of the cloth produced.)
Stonehouse. Here is a number on this cloth. The seal and number was put on by myself. I am certain this is the cloth I sent to the waggon.
Prebble. This is the cloth that was left at my house by the prisoner.


                  John
                   Stanton
               



            . I am book-keeper to the Bedford waggon. I received this parcel; it was sent by the Bedford waggon on the 26th of November.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going down to Birmingham, and between Whetstone and Barnet I saw this lying on the road. I picked it up; another man was very close by me; I brought it up on the Causeway; found it too heavy for to pretend to carry it back to London; I took a piece out, and put the other on the side of the road. I thought, as the hay-carts came to town in the morning, that they might bring it. I did not know the colour, it being dark. I came to town to the Three Pigeons; I left a piece with a man there, a countryman of mine; I never offered to sell it. I went and gave a man a shilling to put it in his hay-cart, and carry it to Mr. Prebble's. I never advertised the thing; I did not know how to go about it; I intended to advertise it going next day to the Pigeons, thinking I had all the cloth together. They charged a constable with me. I know I was a little in liquor when I went there. I saw no waggon when I picked it up.
Q. from Jury to the waggoner
. Do you think in the situation it was put, that it was possible to fall out of the waggon without its being removed?


                  John
                   Ambridge
               



            . It could not possibly get out; it lay in the bed of the waggon, and the flats on it. I think they must have got into the waggon to get it out.
Stonehouse. Six yards and a half of the cloth is missing.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
