





322. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HAUGHTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three silver table spoons, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Josiah
                      Kinsey
                  




               
            , April 25
. ~


                  Josiah
                   Kinsey
               



            . I live in High Holborn


. On the 25th of April there were three table spoons missing; they had been used at dinner, but were carried into the kitchen; none of them were ever found again.


                  George
                   Robinson
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor: between two and three in the afternoon. I carried down the spoons into the kitchen after dinner; as soon as we had dined the maid washed them, and they were put, after washed, two into a silver pint mug by the chimney window; the other was put into the seat of the window. The prisoner was acquainted with me; he called upon me; I took him down stairs about half after one: I am sure the spoons where there at the time the prisoner went down; when he had been there a little time my mistress knocked with her heel; I was called up stairs and left him in the kitchen by himself; I was detained there about twelve minutes; when I returned the prisoner was sitting on the chair near the window where this pint mug and the spoons were; as soon as I went down I missed the spoons; I thought they might have been mislaid; I had no suspicion of the prisoner so I let him go; that was about four o'clock; the next day I went to enquire after the prisoner finding the spoons could not be had again; I met with him at his lodgings, and charged him with taking the spoons; upon that he made a kind of a cry, and said necessity made him take them; I desired to know where they were; he said he would shew me where; we went out together that he might shew me where they were, but when we got into Devonshire-street, he ran away; I did not see him for a week after, and when I did, I took him up.
Prosecutor. Here is a mark upon it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I said if necessity would drive one to do what is bad, I had necessity enough to drive me to it, but I never did a bad thing.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
