





137. (M.) 
               
                  
                     EDWARD
                      SPENCER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth waistcoat, value six-pence, a flannel waistcoat, value sixpence, two linen table cloaths, value one shilling, a linen napkin, value six-pence, two linen handkerchiefs, value eight-pence, a muslin handkerchief, value four-pence, and a linen shift, value sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George
                      Robinson
                  




               
            , December 30
. ||


                  Sarah
                   Robinson
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George
                   Robinson
               



            . I left these things out on the 30th of December in the kitchen; how they were taken I cannot tell, I had notice of it afterwards. My husband keeps the Queen's Head, the corner of Ducking-Pond Lane




.


                  John
                   Shurbet
               



            . I live near the prosecutor. A little after seven in the morning of the 30th of December, I saw a man in Robinson's back kitchen; the window next the street was open, by that means I saw what the man was doing. I asked him what he had to do there; he said, he had left a bundle there; he was handing it out of the window: at that time I saw the prisoner in the street, near, or close to the window standing there, he at least stopped. I asked him whether he had any thing to do with the man in the kitchen; he said, no. I said, I think you have, and laid hold of him: the man in the kitchen was then just putting the things out at the window into the street, and nobody being there immediately to receive them, they all tumbled down; I secured this man.


                  John
                   Bull
               



            . I saw the man take these pick-lock keys out of the prisoner's pocket.
Prisoner's Defence.
I happened to be going by when these things were putting out I was only accidently going by: I know nothing of them.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
