





36. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      WYLDE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one blanket, value 1 s. one pair of linen sheets, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel
                            Snow
                        



                     
                  ; one pair of sheets, value 2 s. two linen gowns, value 10 s. one stuff petticoat, value 3 s. two linen aprons, value 1 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 6 d. three pair of cotton stockings, value 9 s. three pair of shift sleeves, value 6 d. one shift, value 1 s. and two linen handkerchiefs.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Shipley
                  



               
            , November 7
. +


                  Hannah
                   Shipley
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William
                   Shipley
               



            . I live at No. 9. in Marybone-street


. I lost the things in the indictment on the 7th of November. That morning I saw most of them in my house. I went out, and I missed them out of my apartments; when I came home about eleven, they were gone: Part were taken on the prisoner that night, as I was told. ( Produced a buckle, one pair of cotton stockings, one pair of, and one linen handkerchief.) There are part of the goods I lost. I found the window up when I came home; I left it shut when I went out.


                  Sarah
                   Stock
               



            . I live in the same house. I went down to the kitchen to the wash-house, on the 7th of November. There I saw the prisoner standing at the kitchen-door; the door was fastened. He asked if any body lived there. I said, yes. He said he had been there twice before, but could find nobody at home, and said he had knock'd then twice, but could not make any body hear; and that a woman that lived there had had a shirt and stockings of his, which he came after, and he would come again. at night. This was three o'clock in the afternoon. I asked him what sort of a woman he wanted, because he said a painter and his wife had lived there; I thought he might enquire after them; they were gone. He said she was a middle-aged woman. He went up stairs before me, and went out, and I went up to my own apartment.


                  John
                   Oldham
               



            . I am a watchman in Great Russ ell-street, Bloomsbury, Standing at that street I saw the prisoner and two more cross Russell-street; each had a bundle with them; the prisoner said he would give me a pint of beer: I asked for what; he said, because you are a good fellow; upon this I looked hard at the two men; I did not like their having bundles; on this I seized the other men; then the prisoner threw his bundle into the middle of the street; upon which I let go my rattle in order to call out for more assistance; upon that the other men made off: two watchmen came to my assistance and took the prisoner to the watch-house; the bundle now produced is the same the man threw into the street; when I took it up the prisoner denied knowing any thing of the bundle; going to the watch-house with him the prisoner said it was given him by his mother, with orders for him to give it to his brother, because his wife was with child, and then likely to lie in; he said, if I would let him go he would give me share of a gallon of porter; I asked him where his money was? upon that he pulled out two six-pences and gave me, which have been in my possession ever since.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been at the Lamb and Flag, then I went to my aunt's till half an hour after twelve; I found the bundle at the top of Swallow-street.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
