





745. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      COOPER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a canvas bag, value 2 d. fifteen guineas, and thirty shillings in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Thick
                  




               
            , October 26th, 1770
. +


                  Joseph
                   Thick
               



            . On the 26th of October 1770, I was coming to town out of Berkshire; at Hounslow, I met with the prisoner and another man; we fell into company, and came together to Piccadilly; there we put up our horses; I came to town to receive some money of one Mr. Raymond; I went that same evening to Mr. Raymond's, where I received fifteen guineas. I wanted to go to the Borough; a man that was with the prisoner offered to shew me the way; we returned from the Borough to Eyre-street, Piccadilly


; we staid there about an hour; when I was going to pay the reckoning, I pulled a canvas purse out of my pocket; the prisoner snatched the purse out of my hand and ran away with it. I was to have paid this money to Mr. Ravenshaw. I saw the prisoner two months afterwards in Fleet-street, and took him up. He took me first to one house in Fleet-street, and then to another; but some people came about and said they would knock my brains out if I would not let him alone; then they called a coach, and drove him away to the Borough; I got up behind and followed him there: they went into the Two Brewers, and there they made me take two notes of hand of the prisoner for the money. On his cross-examination,
"he said he was asked to gamble on the night of the robbery, but he refused it; that afterwards when he had got the notes, he brought an action upon the notes, that he sued out a writ from the Marshalsea Court and put it in the hands of an officer, but the prisoner he was not apprehended; that if he could have got his money again, he should not have troubled himself about the robbery; being a poor man, his only view and aim was to get the money again; that the morning after he was robbed, he went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, and gave information of the robbery; that he never did tell any body he lost the money at gambling, but he would have sworn the robbery against the prisoner if he had not given him the notes."
Prisoner's Defence.
I won the money of him; we tossed up for a guinea or two, or three at a time.
For the Prisoner


                  Francis
                   Houston
               



             produces the writ issued out of the Marshalsea Court the 20th of December 1771, against John Cooper, at the suit of the prosecutor; and deposed that the prosecutor made an affidavit of the debt; that he was afterwards walking with him in the fields, and then he said it was money won at play, and that it was no better than a robbery; that he had a mind to swear a robbery against him; that he had taken the man and carried him to the Two Brewers in the Borough, and there took the notes for the money; and that the prosecutor said, if he could not get the money for the notes, if he could find the prisoner he would swear the robbery against him.
The notes were produced and read; the one was for 8 l. 10 s. and the other for 8 l. 15 s. at two months after date, signed, 
               
                  John
                   Cooper
               



            , and witnessed, - Gregory.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
