





664. (L). 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      HARRAD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value three pounds and three shillings and sixpence numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Mallizue
                  




               
            , July 16th
 ++
(The prosecutor being a Foreigner and not speaking English, an interpreter was sworn)


                  Charles
                   Maltizue
               



            . Upon the 16th of July at half after ten at night, as I was going home to my lodgings, I passed by several girls, the prisoner took hold of my cloaths and insisted upon my giving her something to drink; I thought I would give her some beer; I went into a house in a street near Bishopsgate


; I don't know the name of the street; I laid my watch on the window board; we were in a room below stairs; there were two beds in the room; the prisoner went in first and I followed her, she turned the key upon me, as soon as I got in, there was no one else in the room, I felt her take the money out of my pocket; there was some bad money; she threw that on the bed and I thought it was the good money; I missed both at the same time.
Q. Was you sober at this time.
Maltizue. Yes, as sober as I am at present; after she had locked the door, a person came and knocked, I believe it was a woman, and I think the prisoner said, make haste, and then I saw a woman come and put her hand through the window, and take the watch; I attempted to pursue her, but the prisoner held me first, by my cloaths, and then by my legs, till she made her escape; when I had got loose, I went out of the window into the garden after her, and the prisoner threw my hat after me, I never heard of my watch again; I got an officer directly, but could not find the prisoner; the officer took her on Tuesday morning.


                  Thomas
                   Withers
               



            . I took the prisoner in Gravel lane.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw the prosecutor in my life, till he came with the constable and took me.
Prosecutor. I am certain she is the woman.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


