





70. (M.) 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS
                      WALKER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of sheets, value 10 s. one flat iron, value 1 s. and a copper tea-kettle, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Morris
                     



                  , they being in a certain lodging-room let by contract to the said Francis
            , Nov. 29


. *


                     Thomas
                      Morris
                  




               
            . The prisoner took a lodging of me on the 18th or 19th of September; he was to give me two shillings and six-pence a week for a two pair of stairs room; he continued in his lodging till last Thursday week. When he was gone, I missed two sheets out of the room: they were there when he took the lodging, and they were for his use.


                  Ann
                   Morris
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness; the prisoner took a lodging of us; the things were missing; the wife had a pair of sheets to change the bed; they quarrelled and fought; he used then to beat her. I went up, and she pulled the bed-down; I saw there was no sheets on the bed. I got a neighbour to help to get the things out of the room, for I would not let them be there any longer. On the morrow, when they got up, I asked the prisoner's wife for the sheets she had to change the bed, and I put a pair to the fire; I desired her to bring down the dirty sheets; she came down and brought a candle, and set it on the stairs, and went out; she took the sheets from the back of the chair out with her, and pawned them. The constable was sent for: he would not acknowledge any thing about them then; but as they were going to the justice, he acknowledged they were pawned. He followed no good, for he was always a-bed in day-time, and out at night.


                  Jacob
                   Walter
               



            . I am a pawn-broker; I have a pair of sheets and a tea-kettle; I did not take them in of the prisoner, but of 
               
                  Mary
                   Lancaster
               



            .
Q. to the prosecutor. Who is 
               
                  Mary
                   Lancaster
               



            ?
Prosecutor. The prisoner's wife.
(The things produced, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Mr. Coney. They pawned two flat irons with me.
( They are produced, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Q. Who brought them to pawn?
Coney. 
               
                  Mary
                   Lancaster
               



            ; one was brought the 23d of November, the other the 28th.
Q. to Walter. When did she bring the things to you?
Walter. The tea-kettle the 22d, the sheets the 28th.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing in the world concerning the affair; I pawned none: they were pledged by the woman I keep company with; I know nothing of it. I asked the reason why I lay on blankets, but I could never get an answer. I have no witness but myself.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
