





439. (M.) Mary, the wife
 of 
               
                  John
                   Putnam
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing one cornelian ring, set in gold, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Frederick
                  




               
            , Esq
; June 23
. *
Mr. Frederick. That lad there, who is servant to a pawn-broker, came to me to let me know he had stopped a ring offered to him to pawn, and desired to know if it was my property; I went up to his master's house, saw the ring, and immediately knew it to be my property: this is the ring (producing it.)
Q. How did you lose that ring?
Mr. Frederick. I don't know; it was taken out of my room in the officers barracks, in the Savoy; I was upon duty at the Savoy at the time, but by whom I know not; it hung to the chain of my watch.
Q. When did you last see it?
Mr. Frederick. I can swear to it within ten days, it might be less.
Q. Might it not have dropped from your watch in the street?
Mr. Frederick. No; I had not worn the watch for five weeks; it had hung up in my room, and neither the watch nor chain were broke, nor unscrewed.
Q. Was the prisoner employed in the Savoy?
Mr. Frederick. She was employed by the woman that takes care of the barracks, to look after her children, consequently was in the Savoy, but had no business in my apartments. I never saw her to my knowledge in my life: I may have seen her about the Savoy: I never spoke to her in my life; and when I saw her at the silversmith's, it did not then occur to me that I had ever seen her in my life.
Charles Conway. I am Capt. Frederick's servant. Yesterday week when my master dressed and went into the parade. I went into his closet with some of his cloaths; I found this 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Putnam
                  



               
             in my master's room, where this watch was hanging; I asked her what business she had in the room.
Q. To Mr. Frederick. What day was it?
Mr. Frederick. I could tell if I had an almanack; I remember it was muster day: (looks at the almanack) it was yesterday was week.
Conway. It was about nine in the morning.
Q. To Mr. Frederick. About what time did this boy come to you?
Mr. Frederick. Somewhere about one o'clock.
Conway. She said she came in for a wash-hand-bason; I asked her what business she had with any thing in my master's apartment; she made no answer, but turned round, and went away, I thought, into the kitchen, but I did not observe. Between twelve and one this young man came down and asked for the woman to come up and take the child from 
               
                  Mary
                   Putnam
               



            ; it was a child she was hired to take care of; it was the woman's child that cleaned my master's apartments. As soon as ever the lad came down the second time, my master came; I asked him if there was not a ring at his watch. I think, about three or four days before that I had seen the ring; they told me she was stopt with the ring.


                  Thomas
                   Wenman
               



            . This girl came to my master's house, Mr. Heather, at the corner of the Savoy steps; she offer'd this ring to sell to me; it was yesterday week; it was about eight o'clock in the morning; my master is the pawnbroker; she offered it to sale; I gave her four shillings and six-pence for it; it was a gold ring: she asked me if we sold wires for the ears and ear-rings; she said she could not afford to pay all the money for a pair at once, but she would pay so much a week: they cost three shillings: she said she wanted to buy a pair of shoes with that money: she went away without the wires, and came again about two hours afterwards: I shewed her six pair of wires; she could not get them into her ears; she wanted to look at a glass; my master's mother took her into a room to a glass; I told her to leave all but one pair; she could not get them into her ears: she came again, but did not give the rings back: she then took another pair, and never returned them she took first: I asked her where they were; she said they were the pair she took last; we searched her in the parlour, but could not find them; we looked for them all over: I went to my master, and told him; he came down, and looked over the child again, and there found the wires: I shewed my master's ring, and he stopped it; he asked her where she lived; she said she looked after that child that was the woman's at Mr. Frederick's: my master would have sent to Mr. Frederick to know if it was his ring: when the maid came up, she did not know any thing of the ring, or that she had ever seen it. I went down then for Mr. Frederick; I saw his servant; he took his master's watch to him? he described the ring, and found it was his; my master sent for a constable, and secured her.
Prisoner's Defence.
I used to be at Mr. Frederick's to do things for the maid: one morning as I was going for some wood to light Mr. Frederick's fire, and the kitchen fire, I found this ring at the top of the Savoy hill: I then went to the silversmith's shop: I went to a shop at the corner of Southampton-street, and asked if it was gold; he said it was worth no more than one shilling: I went to another place to a pawn broker, and he lent me three shillings upon the ring: then I took it out two or three days after, and sold it to this man for four shillings and six-pence. I never was in Mr. Frederick's room that his cloaths were in.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
