








166. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      RADFORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Sarah
                            Williams
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, did make an assault, putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and stealing from her person a silk cardinal, value 5 s. a silk bonnet, value 1 s. a linen handkerchief, value 1 s. a green silk and silver purse, value 6 d. and a guinea, the property of the said Sarah
            , Dec. 2d

. *



               Acquitted
            .
167. (M.) He was a second time indicted, together with 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER
                      MOXHAM
                  



               
            , for 


               stealing a wooden drawer, value 10 d. 60 halfpence, a half guinea, a counterfeit shilling, a counterfeit 6 s. 9 d. piece, and a pocket yard, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Millisen
                   Fenn
               



            , Dec. 24th

. *
Millisen Fenn. I live in great Earl-street



, and keep a chandler's shop
; my till was stole out of my shop on Christmas Eve, between nine and ten o'clock; it contained a half guinea a counterfeit 6 s. 9 d. a bad shilling, and a pocket yard. I heard the bell of the shop door; I went into the shop directly; I missed my till and found a lamp I kept burning on the counter thrown down.


                  John
                   Tubb
               



            . I am a constable: I was sent out by the rotation office to take up several suspected persons. I took up the prisoner between nine and ten at night in St. Martin's court, about a quarter of a mile from Mrs. Fenn's with this till upon him, and half a guinea, a counterfeit 6 s. 9 d. a bad shilling, and a pocket yard; I tried the till, and it exactly fitted the place in the prosecutrix's shop where her till was taken from.
Ratford's Defence.
I went to ease myself in St. Martin's court, and stooping down I found this till.
He called two witnesses who gave him a good character.
RATFORD 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
MOXHAM 

               acquitted
            .
