





94. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Harris
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eleven yards of silk ribbon, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Darke
                  




               
            , Jan. 10
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Darke
               



            . I live upon Ludgate-hill


, and am a haberdasher
. I can only say the ribbon is mine. I know nothing of the transaction.


                  Leonard
                   Raper
               



            . I was coming up Ludgate-hill, on the 10th of this instant, about the hour of seven. I observed the prisoner and another boy before Mr. Darke's window. As I came near, the prisoner ran off, and in his running, I heard a noise as of silk drawing through some confined place, and as he ran, something dragged after him; I followed him across the way, and about the middle of the Old-bailey, I took hold of him, and said he had robbed that shop; he said he had not. He was stuffing something into his breeches; I asked him, What he was pushing there? he said it was his pocket handkerchief. I took hold of the end, as he had not quite got it in, and pulled it out: it was this ribbon. (Produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor). I took
him back to Mr. Darke's shop; there he confessed he took it through the hole of the shutter, where it screws to the outside shutter.
Prosecutor. The block that the ribbon was upon, was on the inside, at the screw-hole. We imagine he got at the ribbon by a wire, but that might be safely conveyed away.
Prisoner's Defence.
Coming along, I saw such a thing hanging out. I had no wire about me.
He called 
               
                  Michael
                   Stevens
               



            , Francis Climer, Humphry Kendon, and two of his aunts, who said they never knew any dishonesty by him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
