





176. (L.) 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      THOMAS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two wooden barrels, value 6 d. twenty-eight pounds of anchovies, value 20 s. and twenty ounces of indigo, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Reynolds
                  




               
            , Dec. 9th
. ++


                  Matthias
                   Timmath
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Reynolds, an oil-man
, in Upper Thames-street. We had information respecting these anchovies, and we went and searched the prisoner's room on the 9th of December, and we found two barrels of anchovies under his bed. There was my master's mark upon them. I know nothing of the indigo.
Q. Was he the only person that lodged in that room?
Timmath. Yes, there was only him and his wife; he lodged on Lambeth-hill, which is near my master's.


                  Philip
                   Vaughan
               



            , another servant of Mr. Reynolds, deposed that he found the prisoner in the coal-cellar, and suspecting him, he searched him, found some indigo upon him, and some more concealed in the coal-cellar; that after some time the prisoner voluntarily confessed having stole it; that upon this they searched his lodging, and found two barrels of anchavies under his bed.
Prisoner's defence.
The anchovies did not belong to Mr. Reynolds; I had not been in the coal-cellar that day.
He called 
               
                  Edward
                   Williams
               



            , who had known him six years; 
               
                  John
                   Jones
               



            , six years; and 
               
                  David
                   Humphreys
               



            , some time; who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
