






289. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      WOOLEY
                  



               
            , was indicted for, that 


               he in the king's highway in and upon 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Ruthvin
                        



                     
                  , did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life; and taking from his person nineteen shillings in money, numbered
            , the property of the said William; March 23

. *



               Acquitted
            .
(M.) WILLIAM WOOLEY, was a second time indicted, for 


               making an assault on 
                     
                        
                           George
                            Urquhart
                        



                     
                   with a certain offensive weapon and instrument, called a pistol, with a felonious intent, the monies of the said George to steal
            . Against the statute, March 24

, *.


                  George
                   Urquhart
               



            . On Friday, the 24th of March, between seven and eight in the evening, I walked out from my chambers in Gray's Inn, to a lodging at Kentish Town, that I had for the sake of the air: that evening, Mrs. Camplin, at whose house I lodged, and I and a young gentleman, my nephew, a studentin physic, took a walk. We set off a little after seven; and in a field, on the other side of Fig-lane, we saw before us, three men in the foot path; one of them staid behind.
Q. It was duskish then, I suppose?
Urquhart. Rather dark, it was pretty dark. The men were about twenty yards off, when we saw them; one of them lagged behind, and stood by the bank: there is a high bank, on each side of the foot-path; I went on and passed that man, and Mrs. Camplin and my nephew followed me; when I came within about a yard and a half of the two foremost men, both of them turned about, and one presented a pistol to my head and said stop or you are a dead man; I was a little alarmed at this; I said, what is the meaning of all this, Sir, said he, your life or your money; he had scarcely finished these words, when my nephew left me and made a blow at the pistol with a stick, that surprized me a little, as I would have given them a little money, rather than run any risk; but, however, he drove the pistol out of the man's hand, and it fell into the ditch, I think, then he beat them about the head, the other two seized me, and pulled me by the neck and arm to get me down, but my nephew knocked them about so, that two of them were under the necessity of creeping off as well as they could, the third who is the prisoner at the bar, had hold of me by the neck, he pulled me down with him; he was knocked down, he fell like a stone, by some lucky blow the young gentleman gave him; we secured him, the other two went away and we heard no more of them; when the man recovered a little from his blows, we said, he must go along with us; he said, he would, my nephew got hold of one of his arms, Mrs. Camplin the other, and we took him into Kentish town; we had him into the Blackhorse alehouse, and a great many people came about; my nephew and some of the people conveyed him to St. Giles's round-house; he was the next morning examined before the justice and afterwards committed; we did not find the pistol then, but I saw it plainly knocked out of his hand; we told the people at the Blackhorse, that the pistol was there; some people went with lanthorns to look for it; but I was not present at the time.


                  David
                   Urquhart
               



            . I was with my uncle; the prisoner was the man that presented the pistol and demanded our money; I knocked it out of his hand; we took him upon the spot, he was never out of our custody.
Prisoner's Defence.
I came up by mere chance, I was knocked down and fought in my own defence; I never presented a pistol.
For the Prisoner.


                  Mary
                   Penny
               



            . The prisoner lodged in the house where I live, he was very sober and honest; he kept regular hours, he lived in Steward's Rents, Drury-lane.


                  Mary
                   Tyner
               



            . The prisoner lodged with me two years, he kept good hours, I never heard any harm of him.


                  John
                   Hands
               



            . I am a hairdresser and peruke-maker, the prisoner worked for me going on of two years, I never found any thing but what was just and honest by him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
