






515, 516. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ROBERT
                      WALLIS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      GEORGE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a silver pint mug, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Pye
                  




               
            , June 6th
. ++


                  Samuel
                   Pye
               



            . I keep the Sun and Bull in Oxford Road




. On the 6th of June, about seven or eight in the evening, the two prisoners came into my house; they came through the tap room into the parlour; they called for a pint of beer and sat down, and staid till the other company were gone. The silver mug stood behind them; my wife moved it a-cross the room; the prisoners sat down by it; then they laid their heads together and whispered; I did not see my wife move the mug, but I saw it after it was removed; after some time Wallis went away; then George gave my wife a shilling; there was some squabble about the shilling; while they were disputing about the shilling, there was an alarm that the mug was gone. I suspect that the dispute about the shilling was an artifice, to give the other man time to get off. I stopt George; he told me the other man had got the mug, and confessed, that they were both concerned in it, and he gave me a direction where to find the other man; I went to a court according to his direction, I met Wallis there; I took him before the Justice; in the way, he took the mug out of the lining of his coat, and gave it me; (produced and deposed to.)
Q. from Wallis. Was not I in liquor?
Pye. I did not perceive they were either of them in liquor; after Wallis gave me the mug, he said, George put in his pocket.
Wallis's Defence.
I was in liquor; I don't know how the mug came into my pocket.
He called three witnesses, who said, he had lived in several gentlemens families, and gave him a good character.
George's Defence.
I know nothing about the matter; I am a gentleman's servant
 out of place.
He called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
