





267. (M.) 
               
                  James
                   Dousy
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis
                      Nicholas Abbot
                  




               
            , Jan. 12
. +


                  Elizabeth
                   Abbot
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Francis
                   Nicholas Abbot
               



            ; the door of my chamber was broke open on the twelfth of January; and I lost a handkerchief which hung by the side of the bed; it was about eleven o'clock at night; I followed the prisoner down stairs, and took the handkerchief from him. I said to him, Why will you take my handkerchief? what will you strip me of all? he said it was his handkerchief; I said no, it is mine; then he ran away.


                  Elizabeth
                   Wharton
               



            . I lodge in a room even with Mrs. Abbot; between ten and eleven o'clock at night on the Saturday after Twelfth Day I heard somebody come up stairs softly, and presently I heard a bounce; upon that I went into Mrs. Abbot's room and saw the prisoner all in black; I asked him who he was; he said Dousy: I said you have no business there; he ran down stairs; I heard Mrs. Abbot say, You rogue, have not you robbed me enough without stealing my handkerchief? the prisoner had lodged in the house a month before; but he did not at this time.
Prisoner's Defence.
Every thing that has been said is all false. I was valet de chambre to Mr. Chivat. The prosecutrix said my wife had robbed her; I knew my wife was an honest woman; but, however, to prevent any disturbance, I gave the prosecutrix a note for five pounds, which she has now.
Prosecutrix. The prisoner robbed me to the amount of five pounds; the note is dated January the first.
Court. That is eleven days before this fact happened.
The prisoner called no witness to his character.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
