






662, 663. (L.) 
               
                  
                     HANNAH
                      MACARTY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     HANNAH
                      BELL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing two linen gowns, value 20 s. a linen tablecloth, value 2 s. two silk and cotton handkerchiefs, value 3 s. a sattin cloak, value 7 s. a linen shift, value 2 s. three linen aprons, value 2 s. a linen napkin, value 6 d. a linen sheet, value 2 s. a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. seven yards of printed cotton cloth, value 7 s. and eight yards of silk lace, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann
                      Stevenson
                  




               
            , widow
, Aug. 14
. ~


                  Ann
                   Stevenson
               



            . I keep a public house
; the prisoner was employed by me as a nurse
 during a long illness; came the latter end of July, and staid four weeks; I paid her for her attendance 5 s. 3 d. a week; I missed some things; being ill and not having an opportunity of looking over my things, my suspicion was raised from the prisoner (Macarty) having a linen handkerchief of mine about her neck; on being challenged with that handkerchief, she owned it was mine. I missed on the 15th of August, a gown, and a great many other things, and went to Mr. Bruin's, a pawnbroker's on Snow-hill; there I found many things that are mentioned in the indictment; Bell had the silk handkerchief; Bell had slept one night in the house.


                  James
                   Gattey
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Bruin, the pawnbroker; both the prisoners pawned goods at different times with me; the prosecutor came to enquire concerning some things; Bell was the person that pawned these things (particularizing some of them); they were all pawned as was usual with them in the name of Macarty; I don't know that any of the things produced were pawned by Macarty herself.


                  George
                   Black
               



             produced two gowns, two handkerchiefs, and a table cloth, which were delivered to him. (The things deposed to by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner, Bell, in her defence, denied the charge.
There being no evidence to affect Macarty, she was not put upon her defence.
Bell called six witnesses, who gave her a good character.
MACARTY 

               acquitted
            .
BELL 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
