





176. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH
                      OSBORN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Nash
                        




                     
                  , on the 25th of November
 about the hour of three in the night, and stealing a pair of linen sheets, value 10 s. a reading glass, value 1 s. three pair of leather shoes, value 3 s. a cloth coat, value 5 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 3 s. two pair of silk stockings, value 4 s. four pillow cases, value 4 s. one yard of muslin, value 1 s. three silver tea spoons, value 3 s. one silver coffee pot, value 5 l. two iron keys, value 2 d. one linen handkerchief, value 1 s. and eleven muslin neckcloths, value 11 s. the property of the said William in his dwelling house
            . *


                  William
                   Nash
               



            . I live at Teddington


; I came to town about the 24th of November, in the afternoon; the next day after I was gone to town I received a message that my house was broke open: I left in the house my maid servant.
When I came down I saw several locks broke open; I judged from the manner of the robbery it must be somebody that knew the house; they got in at the stair-case window; there are no shutters it being a very large window, but a scrole iron work to prevent any body getting in; they got a ladder and wrenched the scrole iron work, and so got in; the smith had put it in the same form again when I returned. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them.)
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner?
Nash. I did not know him. The maid lay out; there was nobody in the house that night. I went to the pawnbroker's at Kingston to give them an account of what I lost; about two hours after that Mr. Hutchins came, and informed me the goods had been offered him.


                  Thomas
                   Hutchins
               



            . The prisoner brought this neckcloth to me on the 27th of November in order to pawn it. I stopt it, and the prisoner ran away. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Richard
                   Collsell
               



            . I am a constable: Mr. Nash sent for me, and gave me charge of the prisoner. I found upon him a reading glass, two keys, and a handkerchief, which Mr. Nash swore to; Mr. Nash pressed him to confess whether he committed the fact or no; he said if the company would quit the room perhaps he would be more open in his confession; he then desired the company to quit the room; then he said he bent the irons at that window and so got into the house; he said he hid the coffee pot in some furzes, and there I found it; he said he sent a holland sheet to Hounslow, directed to be sent to Plymouth, and put in a box; I went to Hounslow according to his directions, and there I found the Holland sheet. The prisoner confessed that 
               
                  John
                   Bunely
               



            , who had formerly lived with the prosecutor, was concerned with him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found these things.




               Guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
