






257, 258. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      PLATT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  MARY, the wife
 of 
                     
                        JOHN
                         ELDER
                     







            , were indicted; the first for 


               stealing thirty-four pair of women's shoes, value 4 l. seven pair of men's shoes, value 20 s. and eight remnants of callimanco, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        Robert
                         Jefferson
                     



                  , in his dwelling house
            , March 18

, and the other for 


               receiving fourteen pair of womens shoes, being parcel of the above goods, well knowing them to be stolen
            . +


                     Robert
                      Jefferson
                  



               
            . I am a shoe-maker
 in Cranbourn-alley



; I lost a parcel of shoes out of my shop the 18th of March, some time in the forenoon; I believe at different times; 
               
                  James
                   Everett
               



             came with a pair of shoes, and asked if they were mine; he said a woman brought them to pawn, and he suspected they were stolen; I went with him to Justice Welch's; the woman was examined there; she said she had them of Platt; that woman was not the prisoner; from thence we went to Platt's lodgings, and found fourteen or fifteen pair of men's and women's shoes, and eight remnants of callimanco; I can swear to the shoes; he acknowledged they were mine before the Justice.
Q. Was any promise made to him to confess?
Jefferson. Not that I know of. He was examined again the 21st of March; then there were seven pair of women's shoes produced by one Brooks. Elder acknowledged pawning seven pair of the shoes for Platt; Platt had lived with me seven months; he said he took them out of my shop; the woman said she did not know but they were Platt's own property.


                  James
                   Everett
               



            . I am a pawnbroker: I stopped a woman that called herself 
               
                  Ruth
                   Platt
               



             with a pair of shoes, and took her to the office, in Litchfield-street; she is not the prisoner at the bar; the Justices directed me to make enquiry in Cranbourn-alley after the owner of the shoes; I went and found they belonged to the prosecutor; I was present when the shoes were found in Platt's lodging; I think there were eleven pair of women's and seven pair of men's; he said they were Mr. Jefferson's property, and that he gave them to that woman to pawn; there were other shoes pawned at our house by the prisoner, Elder, in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Brown
               



            ; there were in all about twelve pair, four pair only were pawned by Elder, and the rest by different persons in different names; Platt said he gave the four pair to Elder to pawn.


                  John
                   Brooks
               



            . I took in pawn two pair of shoes of the prisoner, Elder, on the 11th of January, two pair on the 24th, two pair on the 31st, and two pair on the 12th of February; they were pledged in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Brown
               



            ; she said they were her own.


                  Dennis
               


             M'Donald. I am a constable: I went to Platt's lodgings, and found twelve pair of shoes and eight pieces of callimanco.
Platt's Defence.
My wife was lying-in; I was distressed for money, and sent Elder, who was nursing my wife at the time, to pawn them for me; she is innocent of it.
The prisoner, Platt, called four witnesses to his character.
PLATT 


               guilty of stealing the goods, but not in the dwelling house
            . 


               T
            .
ELDER 

               acquitted
            .
