






624, 625. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Theodosia
                      Hodges
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Harriot
                      Matthews
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing ten yards of lawn, value 3 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Mansell
                   Alcock
               




            , Sept. 8th
. ~
Mansell Alcock. I am a linen-draper
, and live in Maiden-lane, Covent-garden


. On Saturday the 8th instant, the prisoners came into my shop about eight o'clock in the morning; they asked for a quarter of a yard of clear lawn. Hodges looked so neat, that I had no suspicions of her; as I was going to put the quarter of a yard into a bit of paper, I saw Matthews give 
               
                  Hodges
               


             a punch upon the elbow; this convicted me that they had taken something; so as soon as they were gone out of the shop, I looked over the things I had shown them, and missed a piece I had taken down, but had not opened. I went after them, and took them in a little court that goes into the Strand; Matthews had a cloak on; I took it from under her arm; they said before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , that the cloth lay upon the floor in the shop.
(The cloth produced, and deposed to by the Prosecutor.
Q. from Matthews. Did you see me stoop?
Matthews. No. I did not.
Q. From the time they were in your shop, till the time you took them, were they out of your sight?
Matthews. Yes, just as they turned the corner.


                  Daniel
                   Ellis
               



            . I am a butcher in Round-court. I was at my shop-door. I saw the two prisoners coming from the court. I observed Mr. Alcock coming down in a great hurry after them; they were coming down Bull in a court, about 20 yards from the prosecutor's house. Mr. Alcock took this piece of lawn from under Matthews's arm; it is marked M. C. 10.
Prosecutor. That is my private mark; the ten denotes the number of yards.
Hodges's Defence.
I lived with this young woman, the other prisoner; she happened to burn my cap; she said if I would buy another, and pay for it, she would pay me again; she went with me to see what it cost. I bought a quarter of a yard of lawn.
Matthews's Defence.
I found it upon the ground.
Hodges 

               acquitted
            .
Matthews 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
