





46. 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house, of 
                     
                        Charles
                         Grice
                     



                  , on the 18th of November
, in the night, and stealing eight pair of pistols, the property of the said Charles in his dwelling house
            .


                     CHARLES
                      GRICE
                  




               
             sworn.
I am the son of 
               
                  William
                   Grice
               



            ; between the 18th and 19th of October last our house was broke open; fourteen or fifteen pair of pistols were taken out of the warehouse, some of them were mounted with silver. A day or two after 
               
                  Joseph
                   Smith
               



             came and asked if we had not lost some pistols, I told him we had: he said they had been offered to him, and I might have them again; some of them had our name on the holster: he said he would stop the man who had brought them. Next day I appointed to meet him at eleven o'clock, but the prisoner was taken before that by Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's people. [Eight pair of pistols were produced in Court, which the witness deposed were his father's (the prosecutor's) property, and a part of what were lost out of the warehouse at that time.]


                  JOSEPH
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a gunsmith, and live in the Fleet-Market, on the 19th of October, about ten or eleven in the morning, the prisoner came and asked me if I would buy some pistols, I asked where they were? - He took me to the sign of the George, near Holborn Bars; there came in a woman, the prisoner said if I would go along with her she would shew them to me. She took me up a court about fifty yards from the George, and there is a room up one pair of stairs, she shewed me the pistols. She desired I would take them away, for that if her husband came home and saw them, he would kick her out of doors. I went back to the prisoner, who was still at the George; he asked what I would give for them? I said they were worth a good deal of money, and I would give him twelve guineas for them; he asked if I would take them with me? I told him I would come next morning and settle with him. I knew the pistols belonged to Mr. Grice, having had dealings with him: I went to Mr. Grice and told him what had happened, and appointed to meet him at eleven o'clock at my house: about nine o'clock Smith came again, and asked if I would have the pistols? I told him I would: he said they were then at a house in Drury-lane, I went with him to a public house, and desired him to stay there about an hour; I then went to Sir John Fielding's office, and some of his people came with me and apprehended the prisoner.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been in the Borough, and coming home about six in the morning I found the pistols in the street, wrapped up in a coarse towel. I am a bricklayer's labourer, and sometimes work in a dye-house.




               NOT GUILTY of breaking and entering the dwelling house; but GUILTY of stealing the goods
            . 


               T
            .
Tried by the Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASTON.
