






563. (M.) 
               
                  ELIZABETH
                   WILLIAMS
               



            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a silk hat, value 4. a silk mode cloak, value 4 s. a linen gown, value 5 s. a linen apron, value 1 s. 6 d. a silk and cotton handkerchief, value 1 s. 3 d. a child's! and cap, value is a woman's laced cap, value 6 s. a pair of leather pump, value 1 s. a pair of metal buckles, value 6 d. a band box, value 13 d. and had in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mark
                      Gulliver
                  




               
            , Nov. 13th
. +


                  Mary
                   Gulliver
               



            . I live in Blue Anchor Yard, Slaughter house Court, Rosemary Lane


. I lost the goods mentioned in the indictment, on the 13th of December. The prisoner was recommended to me as a sober woman, to nurse me in my lying-in; she was hired for a fortnight; after the fortnight, as I could not go out, she came to go of some errands for me; she came to light my fire; she borrowed the flat iron of me for her mother, and she pawned it for 6 d. after breakfast I asked her to wash me some things; she said she would, and I said I would give her some tea and three-pence; instead of washing them she took a book and went to reading. My husband is a shoe-maker
, and I close upper leathers; when I went up stairs to work, she blowed the fire up, and put the kettle on; when I was coming down she asked for a blue rag. About six in the evening I was going out with some work, and missed my shoes; I then turned about, and missed my ban box; I called out Betty; but there was no answer; in the ban box there was a child's laced cap, a white cloth apron, a woman's laced cap, and 14 d. in money. My shoes I left by the fire with the buckles in them; they were pinchbeck buckles; my hat and cloak were taken out of a hat box; I saw them when I left her in the kitchen, about four o'clock the same day. My gown was in the cradle, that was gone, and the few rags thrown out; the silk and cotton handkerchief I gave her to wask; she left all the things I gave her to wash, except the silk and cotton handkerchief; there were some in the tub and some on the floor. When I found my things were missing, I went to her mother's lodgings, and her mother said, O Polly, I did not think my child would have used you so. I enquired after, but could hear nothing of her, till last Thursday my brother came and told me he saw her in the Back Lane; near Rosemary Lane; I went to the place and saw her sitting at the door; I took no notice till I got a constable to take her, then I said Betty how could you serve me so; she said it was cruel, but she would make any recompense; she said the things were wore out and destroyed, but the hat she had lost. On Tuesday I went to Hicks's Hall, and afterwards called on her, and asked her if she had any of my things; she said she had nothing to bring forth, but wanted me to come to some terms, and gave this raper to my mother; I can't read it ( producing it.)


                  Ann
                   Rein
               



            . I am the prosecutor's mother; my daughter and I was at Hicks's Hall, to find the bill; we could not find it; my daughter said we will call to see if she will confess where any thing is; she was called down; she desired we would make no reflections upon her, and gave me a paper. (The paper read)
Newgate.
Madam,
I make bold to write to you, for I understand you are agreeable to drop it, if I do, and I am agreeable to come to what terms you please, and make a note or any thing you please. I am willing to pay you 3 s. a week till the money is paid; and if you think proper, I think it is better for you; for it is poor satisfaction to prosecute me. I hope you will consider of it, from
Your humble servant, 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Williams
               



            .
Prisoner's Defence.
I did nurse her in her lying-in; I am a poor unfortunate girl; I had promised to meet a gentleman that night, it was Saturday night; when I came back I found the place turned topsy-turvey, and for fear she should charge me with it, I run away. I know nothing of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
