







172. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH
                      ABRAHAMS
                  , otherwise 
SOLOMON




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver tea-kettle, with a silver stand and lamp pan, value 20 l. a silver dish-cross, value 40 s. one silver dividing-spoon, value 10 s. a silver marrow spoon, value 6 s. four silver butter-dishes, value 10 l. two silver drinking-cups, value 6 l. one silver-funnel, value 10 s. one quart silver-tankard, value 6 l. one silver coffee-pot, value 6 l. one silver milk-pot, value 10 s. four silver candlesticks, value 8 l. twelve silver table-spoons, value 5 l. twenty-four silver handles for knives and forks, value 8 l. two silver waiters, value 10 l. one silver drainer, value 10 s. six silver bottle collars, value 6 s. one silver ink standish, value 5 l. two pair of silver shoe buckles, value 1 l. one japanned leather snuff box, set in silver with a pebble, value 1 l. one paper snuff box, value 3 s. six gold rings with stones set therein, value 3 l. four stone seals set in gold, value 4 l. thirteen stones for rings, value 1 l. two pebble watch cases, value 1 l. twenty-seven linen shirts, value 20 l. six other linen shirts, value 10 s. twenty seven muslin cravats, value 1 l. 10 s. six damask tablecloths, value 3 l. two pair of silk stockings, value 10 s . two pair of thread stockings, value 2 s. six dimity caps, value 4 s. three pair of flannel drawers, value 6 s. five linen handkerchiefs, value 1 l. four silk handkerchiefs, value 12 s. twenty seven cotton handkerchiefs, value 2 l. a gingerbread cake, value 1 s. and 1 lb of carvie, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        Walter
                         Ferguson
                     



                  ; two woollen cloth coats, value 3 l. one woollen cloth waistcoat, value 10 s. three pair of woollen cloth breeches, value 1 l. 10 s. one scarlet vest trimmed with gold, value 1 l. one woollen cloth vest, value 10 s. twenty three linen shirts, value 20 l. eight pair of laced and worked ruffles, value 4 l. twelve muslin cravats, value 10 s. five muslin stocks, value 10 s. three damask table-cloths, value 2 l. six linen towels, value 3 s. two pair of worsted stockings, value 6 s. one pair of thread stockings, value 2 s. two pair of dimity drawers, value 10 s. six night caps, value 6 s. and four pair of white silk stockings, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Ferguson
                  



               
            , January 20th

, and 
               
                  
                     Sarah
                      Abrahams
                  



               
             for 


               receiving the above goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            . ++
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  James
                   Ferguson
               



             , Esq
; I put up all the several things mentioned in the indictment in a trunk, and sent it by the Newcastle Waggon, directed for 
               
                  Walter
                   Ferguson
               



            , Esq; London. (The trunk produced) that is the trunk I packed up, ( some linen and other things produced) some of them are my property, and some are the property of my brother, 
               
                  Walter
                   Ferguson
               



            ; they are the things that I packed up in that trunk, and sent them from Edinburgh to London.


                  Thomas
                   Compton
               



            . I am employed at the White-Horse Inn; the warehouse there was broke open, one Baalam was suspected, on the 20th January; the trunk was brought the Saturday before, about the 15th; when it came to the Inn, the porter was sent with the trunk to find out the Gentleman; it was a general direction to Ferguson, London; the porter could not find him; he brought it back the same night; when he brought it back, there was not the least mark of it having been opened; the box was fastened up with cords; they appeared the same as they were; the trunk lay in the warehouse of the Inn till the Thursday following; I was in the warehouse on Thursday night; I took notice of this trunk; it had all the appearance of not having been opened; in the morning, I found the door into the yard broke open, and the warehouse was open; I went into the warehouse , and observed several trunks had been broke open, and this among the rest; there were two locks; they were sprung and the cordage was unbound; some things were thrown about, and all that were valuable were taken out: the suspicion fell upon Baalam .


                  Robert
                   Coleman
               



            . I am a porter at the White-Horse ; I remember a trunk coming by the waggon, directed by the name of Ferguson; I was sent out with it; I went to several places; I could not find such a person; I brought it back just in the condition I received it; I saw it afterwards, when the cords were cut, and the box was then broke open.


                  Joseph
                   Levy
               



             . I saw the prisoner on Monday the 24th of January last, which was the Monday following the Thursday when these things were stole; I saw him about one o'clock in the morning; I watched him to Duke's-Place; he went into a cellar with a bundle of things, which he put into a corner; it was light enough for me to discern what he did, and knowing him I made particular observation.


                  William
                   Worrall
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Hanforth , who keeps the White-Horse; on Sunday night we were led by the information of Levy, to search a cellar in Duke's-Place; I got a warrant for that purpose: I found a large bundle; the contents of it were shirts, and womens apparel; they were in a basket covered over with greens. (They are produced and deposed to by Mr. Ferguson)


                  Richard
                   Weston
               



            . I was at Northumberland Alley: Baalam said the things were put into the prisoner's cart, and were carried to a place in Northumberland Alley, and put into a stable, and that we should find some picklock keys there; when I came there I found a horse with a cart, and the name on the cart was 
               
                  Abraham
                   Solomons
               



            ; I found likewise according to the information of Baalam some picklock keys: I went in consequence of Levy's information to a cellar in Duke's-Place, and I found there a bag of linen in a basket covered over with greens; they were delivered to Mr. Robert Row, the constable.
Robert Row. I am a constable: I went to Northumberland Alley; I found the picklocks that are produced; some of them they say will open the doors of the warehouse. Baalam told me that he cut the throat of the dog that night; Baalam confessed that he undid the door, and stole these goods (producing a quantity of linen which was deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  John
                   Jones
               



             confirmed this evidence.


                  James
                   Baalam
               



            . I was the principal person concerned in this robbery; I applied to a woman to desire her to assist me by recommending me to some person who would put off stolen goods; she recommended me to the prisoner; I put off some things I had stolen to him; he agreed with me to rob the warehouse of some things, and said he would come with a horse and cart and carry the goods to Northumberland Alley; we broke open the warehouse, and carried the things to Northumberland Alley; after which they were carried to Houndsditch, where they were unpacked: I had twenty guineas in part; but the prisoner said the plate was unsold. There was a bundle of picklocks found in Northumberland Alley, which all belonged to the prisoner; and were put there by him.


                  Mary
                   Baalam
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness; my husband, being in custody, sent me to the prisoner for some money; he gave me a guinea, then he said two half guineas would be more convenient, and gave me two, one was a bad one.


                  Rebecca
                   Thomas
               



            . I know Baalam; he met me at a public house; he asked me to recommend him to a customer to assist him in the disposal of stolen goods; I directly mentioned the prisoner at the bar; he enquired after one Fise; there was no conversation about recommending the prisoner, but only about Fise: I knew the prisoner by his selling greens with a jack-ass; the green-stall in Duke's-Place belongs to the mother of the prisoner.
Q. Did he desire you to recommend him to a customer, and that you should have a guinea or so?
Thomas. No
Prisoner's Defence.
I am innocent; I know no more what they have talked about than the child just born.
For the prisoner.


                  Thomas
                   Alsar
               



            . I am a button-maker in Clerkenwell; I have known the prisoner two years; his employment is to carry brokers goods in a horse and cart: I know his father; he has a good character; I never knew any harm of him.


                  Jacob
                   Aaron
               



            . I have known him fell greens; his mother keeps a green-stall in Duke's-Place ; he has bore a good character; I know no harm of him.


                  Joseph
                   Lyons
               



            . The prisoner carries about greens.
Q. to Aaron. What is the prisoner's name?
Aaron. I know him by the name of Abraham; I do not know him by the nick-name Levy talked of, that he was more commonly called by; his father is called 
               
                  Abraham
               


             the green man, because he sold greens: I never knew any harm of him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
