





423. (M.) 
               
                  Scotus
                   Marshall
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        William
                         Matthias
                     



                  , privately, from the person of the said William
            , May 19
. *


                     William
                      Matthias
                  




               
            . I had my watch picked out of my pocket on the nineteenth of May, Whit Sunday, at the Tylers Arms, in Wardour-street


, about six o'clock. I was in company with the prisoner and another man. I had been out that day. I was coming home about four in the afternoon. I was fuddled. I lay down to sleep in the road between Chelsea and this place; the prisoner came and awaked me, and said I had better awake, or I should lose my watch out of my pocket; I got up: the prisoner offered to take care of me; I came; we called at two or three places as we came along, and had some drink. At last the prisoner brought me home to the Tylers Arms, and asked the landlord if he knew any thing of me; he acknowledged me: the prisoner said he observed a watch in my pocket, and brought me home, that I might not loose it: the landlord advised me to give him six-pence; I had no money, and desired the landlord would pay for me: I gave him a dram, and a pot of beer: I fell asleep again in the box of the ale-house: while I was asleep I lost the watch; when I awaked, the prisoner was gone; and from what the people told me that were there, I had a suspicion he took it from me. I got a warrant, and took him on the Thursday afterwards, the 23d of May. I know nothing particular of the prisoner's taking it, for I was asleep. The prisoner owned it to me, the constable, and the landlord of the house, coming up Hedge-lane, and before the justice who committed him. He said he had sold it to a silversmith in the Strand.


                  William
                   Foster
               



            . I was in the next box to the prisoner at the Tylers Arms: the prosecutor was in liquor: there was nobody but them two in the box; the prosecutor was stooping down upon the table; I saw him take his watch out, look at it, and put it in his pocket again: he went to sleep. As the prisoner pulled the watch out, it was pretty tight in his fob, so it hit against the seat, and the glass broke: I heard the noise; I thought then it had been a pipe broke when I heard the glass fall upon the floor. I went down into the cellar; when I came up the prisoner was gone. I saw the broken glass lying upon the ground. We took him in St. James's Park; then he said he was drunk, or he should not have done it.


                  Christian
                   Smith
               



            . I keep the Tylers Arms in Wardour-street: I went out of the room for about five minutes: the last witness told me when I came in, that the prisoner had stole the prosecutor's watch. I picked up some pieces of glass. I went up stairs; when I came down the prisoner was gone: there was in the room, the prosecutor, a soldier that was quartered at my house, and the last witness: I awaked the prosecutor, and his watch was gone. The prisoner confessed when we took him that he stole the watch, and that he sold it to a silversmith in the Strand for twenty-seven shillings: he confessed it in my house, in Hedge-lane, and before the justice: he said, if he had not been drunk he should not have taken it.


                  Michael
                   Scales
               



            . I keep a silversmith's shop in the Strand. I bought a watch of the prisoner about six weeks ago; I gave him twenty-seven shillings for it; the watch was bruised, and had no glass in it. (The watch produced.)
Prosecutor. The maker's name is 
               
                  James
                   Moore
               



            . I had had the watch about two months.
Court to Scales. What name has the watch?
Scales. I did not look at the name nor number.
Q. Are you positive the prisoner sold it you?
Scales. Yes.
Prosecutor. I do not know any thing of the number, or other marks; my brother's wife bought the watch second-hand, in St. James's market.
The constable deposed he took the prisoner, and that he confessed having stole the watch from the prosecutor, and sold it to Mr. Scales, in the Strand.
Prisoner's Defence.
This man said, if I would confess to it before I went to the justice, he would not hurt me; I am willing to suffer what your lordship thinks proper.




               Guilty of stealing only
            , 


               T
            .
