







706, 707, 708. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      BALDWIN
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      PILBEAN
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      WYNN
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a silk negligee and petticoat, value three pounds; a silk gown, value thirty shillings; five linen caps, value five shillings; a pair of cotton stockings, value two shillings; two pair of silk stockings, value five shillings; two white quilted petticoats, value twenty shillings; a dimity petticoat, value five shillings; a green silk petticoat, value five shillings; three linen aprons, value twelve shillings, two pair of womens' shoes, value five shillings; and a linen handkerchief, value one shilling
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Henry Gentil
                  




               
            , Oct. 8th
. *


                  Daniel
                   Wynelt
               



            . I am a farmer; I drive a waggon from East Grinstead to London: upon the 5th of October I had a load of charcoal to carry to London; I took up also a box and a trunk for Mrs. Gentil, who was at that time upon a visit in my neighbourhood. I put up at the three tuns at Croydon on Thursday night; there was a box and a trunk. On Friday morning about four o'clock, I discovered that one had been cut off; I saw it the night before.
Mrs. 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Gentil
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor; I live at No. 5. in Size-Lane; I was at East Grinstead upon a visit. On my return to London, I sent a box and a trunk by Mr. Wynch to London; I delivered them to the son, who is the agent of the father; my clothes were in the trunk.
(The trunk was produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)


                  Elizabeth
                   Benfield
               



            . I have known 
               
                  Baldwin
               


             some time; he, and the two other prisoners, whose persons I am positive to, brought these things to me upon Sunday the 8th of October, at eight in the morning. I live in Kingsland Road; I asked them how they came by them? as I did not like the appearance; they said, two men had got them under a hedge; and that upon seeing them, the men ran away, and left the two bundles behind them; and therefore they took them up, and thought them a lawful prize. They said, they would fetch them away on Monday; all the prisoners were together; they all equally joined in the request: these things in the bundle are what they delivered to me.
(A bundle containing the things mentioned in the indictment, was produced in court, and deposed to by Mrs. Gentil.)
Mrs. Gentil. The box came safe; these things were in the trunk.


                  George
                   Griffiths
               



            . Last Monday sen'night, the 9th of October, I found this trunk in a ditch in Croydon Parish.
Mrs. Gentil. I know the trunk; there is the date of the year, and the initial letters of my father's name upon it; I have the key of the trunk with me.
"The key was applied to the lock and fitted
"exactly."
Baldwin's Defence.
I was at a Mrs. Panter's house at Kensington the night this robbery happened; I went away in the morning; I had twenty shillings from her husband for some tea I had sold her.
"Pilbean and Wynn said in their defence,
"that they were both at Croydon, that they
"lodged at one Yeates's. Pilbean said, he
"was there from nine at night till seven the
"next morning. Wynn said, he was there
"from eight at night till five next morning;
"that they found the bundles; that two men
"left them in a ditch, when they came up to
"them at eleven o'clock on Sunday night.
Baldwin. I appeal to Mrs. Benfield.
Mrs. Benfield. He was with us before eight o'clock on Thursday evening: he staid all night; he never was out of our house till he went out with his wife next morning.
Baldwin, 

               acquitted
            .
Pilbean, 

               guilty
            .
Wynn, 

               guilty
            .
Baldwin was detained to be tried for receiving the goods, well knowing them to have been stolen.





[Transportation. See summary.]


