










512, 513, 514. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Morris
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth
                      Davis
                  



               
            , spinster, and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth
                      Jones
                  



               
             spinster, were indicted; the first for 


               stealing a white dimity counterpane, a yellow tabby gown, two silver tea-spoons, and one large French plate table-spoon
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth
                      Harris
                  



               
            ; and the two others for 


               receiving the white dimity counterpane and yellow tabby gown, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , June 27


. ++
All three 

               acquitted
            .
They were a second time indicted for 


               stealing a silk gown, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Hardom
                  



               
            , June 25


. ++
The prosecutor deposed, that the gown belonged to a customer of his wife's, who is a mantuamaker; that the gown was missed, with some other things, between six and seven in the evening: that he was in the room at five, and saw the drawers wide open, but did not suspect any thing: that when they missed them, he recollected he had seen a man go out of his passage about five o'clock, with a large bundle under his arm, which he believed to be the prisoner Morris.
- Kenny. This gown (producing it) was offered to pawn by the prisoners Davis and Jones on the twenty-fifth of June, for half a guinea. I stopped it.
Prosecutor. This is one of the gowns that was stolen out of our house.


                  John
                   Sallis
               



             deposed, that he lodged in Mr. Hardom's house; that he saw a man standing with his back to Mr. Hardom's room-door; that he asked him for somebody that did not live in the house.
- Mohawk. I found this bunch of keys (producing them) in a dirty shirt which was owned by the prisoner. One of the keys opened the prosecutor's door with a great deal of ease.
Morris, 

               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
Davis, 

               Acquitted
            .
Jones, 

               Acquitted
            .
