





487. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth jacket, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Abraham
                      Blane
                  




               
            , June 2d
. *


                  Abraham
                   Blane
               



            . I am a fisherman
: on the 2d of June I lost a cloth jacket out of my fishing boat at Execution Dock


; I found it this day week on the back of 
               
                  John
                   Easterby
               



            ; I knew it by the buttons, they are not all of a sort; it has had pockets put in it since I lost it; I never saw the prisoner in my life before.


                  John
                   Easterby
               



            . I am a waterman; going up old Gravel-lane, I wanted a jacket; I saw this hanging at a door; I asked the price of it, the woman said eight shillings; I offered five, she would not take it; I left the five shillings and went and fetched the other three shillings for it; I bought it on Tuesday the 28th of June, and on Thursday I put it on, and the prosecutor owned it; I told him I fairly bought it, and carried him to the person I bought it of.


                  Francis
                   Bates
               



            . I keep an old cloaths shop; I bought this jacket of the prisoner on the 4th of June, and gave him five shilling and sixpence for it: he said his father was dead, and had left him one hundred pounds, and he was going to sell his cloaths off; my wife sold it to Easterby; I took the prisoner in a boat last Friday.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought the jacket of a man that was going to sea, and wanted money to pay his passage to Gravesend; I gave him eight shillings for it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
