






231, 232. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      WEST
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      KIRK
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Smith
                        




                     
                  , on the 20th of January
, about the hour of six in the night, and stealing two pair of leather shoes, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Smith
                     



                  , in his dwelling house
            . ||


                  John
                   Smith
               



            . I keep a shoemaker's shop
 in St. Catharine's


. I went out on the 20th of January, about three o'clock in the afternoon and returned again about six, when I saw West at the window, looking into the shop; when he saw me, he shifted his place, and went on the other side of the way. I went into my house and drank tea, and then, as I suspected West, I went to see what was become of him. Then I perceived that half a pane of glass was taken out; the pane was cracked before, and there were two pair of shoes gone, that lay against that pane. The hole was big enough for a man to put his arm in at.
Q. Are you certain that you lost two pair of shoes?
Smith. Yes; I am certain I lost two pair. I searched for the piece of glass, but could not find it. I saw no more of West that night. Then I went to the pawnbrokers, and informed them how I was robbed, and desired them to stop the shoes if they should be offered.


                  Joseph
                   White
               



            . The prosecutor came to me on the 20th of January, and informed me he had been robbed of two pair of shoes. On the Tuesday following a woman came to my shop with the shoes Mr. Smith had desired me to stop. I told her, I must stop her. She said, she had them of one West. She went away, and West came, and said he bought them in Rosemary-lane, for 3 s. 6 d. I told him I would enquire of Mr. Smith, before I delivered the shoes to him; and that if he, Mr. Smith, did not claim them, he should have them the next morning. The prisoner went away.
Q. to the prosecutor. Was the shop door shut?
Smith. Yes; but I took no particular notice of the window at that time, as my attention was fixed upon West.
White. West came again, and Kirk with him; but Kirk said nothing about the shoes.
Smith. When Kirk was before the Justice, he had a pair of pumps on, which I am positive are my property; they were remarkably thin; they were made to go abroad. I generally sell them for 5 s. 6 d. but they are not worth a shilling for this country's wear.
West's Defence.
I am a sailor. I happened to meet an old clothes-man in Rosemary-lane. I was going to sea again, and wanted some things; so I bought these shoes of him.
Kirk's Defence.
I am a cabinet-maker; I changed a pair of shoes with a shop-mate for these shoes. I told the Justice, if he would give me till Monday, I could find the man; but he committed me.
Both 


               guilty of stealing only
            . 



               T
            .
