






531, 532. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Dangerfield
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Tattum
                  



               
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing thirteen wine glasses, value 4 s. one glass tumbler, value 6 d. one glass cruet, value 4 d. four earthen candlesticks, value 4 s. an earthen sugar dish and cover, value 1 s. an earthen sugar bason, value 6 d. an earthen pot, value 1 s. one earthen oval basket, value 1 s. two earthen mugs, value 9 d. four earthen dishes, value 5 s. one earthen baking dish, value 6 d. two earthen butter boats, value 4 d. one earthen mustard pot, twenty four china cups, twenty-four china saucers, four china basons, value 5 s. eleven half pint china basons, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Bacchus
                  



               
            ; and the last for 


               receiving them, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  William
                   Bacchus
               



            , the prosecutor, deposed, that Dangerfield, the prisoner, had lived with him nine or ten months. On Sunday the 15th of April he detected him stealing some things out of his warehouse; when he confessed that he had stolen a great many more things, which Tattum, who was an hostler
 in the neighbourhood, received of him; that he then searched Tattum's lodgings, where he found the things mentioned in the indictment; that Tattum confessed be received them of the prisoner. Baldwin, Mr. Bacchus's servant, corroborated this account; and Mr. Brown deposed, that their confession before the Alderman was voluntary.
Dangerfield said in his defence, that his master had promised to make an evidence of him if he would confess; and that he never sold Tattum any thing in his life.
He called - Beard, who had known him twelve years; and Mr. Caxton, with whom he had formerly lived a servant
, who gave him a good character.
Tattum called 
               
                  John
                   Fowler
               



            , who had known him nine months; 
               
                  William
                   Fish
               



            , three years; 
               
                  William
                   Bull
               



            , eighteen months; 
               
                  Crispin
                   Caldwell
               



            , three years; 
               
                  Joseph
                   Hawkins
               



            , twenty years; 
               
                  James
                   Grubb
               



            , two or three years; and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Walker
               



            , fourteen years; who gave him a good character.
Dangerford 

               guilty
            



               T
            .
Tattum 


               T. 14 years
            .
