






432, 433. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      BIRD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      CORNET
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Evans
                  




               
            , June 6th
. +


                  John
                   Evans
               



            . On the Sunday the fire happened in Cornhill, between nine and ten in the evening, I went to see if it was out; I stood in Lombard-street


; the two prisoners stood by me; I put my hand to my pocket; my handkerchief was there; I buttoned my pocket; in a few minutes after they went away, and after they were gone I missed my handkerchief; I went round to the other side of the fire, and saw them again; I told one of the firemen I believed they had got my handkerchief; the fireman laid hold of them and took them to the Compter; he searched them, and found a handkerchief on one of them like mine; it has no mark; it is a red and white linen one.
- Squires. I am a constable and fireman: the prisoners were given into my charge on Sunday night the 6th of June, at the fire; I took them to the Compter and searched them, and up Cornet's back I found this red and white handkerchief (producing it).
Prosecutor. It is like mine, it is the same pattern.
Squires. I saw the prisoners together several times at it.
Bird's Defence.
We had been down to Tower-hill to see an acquaintance, and came to look at the fire, and the young fellow and Squires laid hold of us.
He called three witnesses who gave him a good character.
Cornet's Defence.
Coming down Lombard-street I found it and shewed it to Bird; I had no where to put it but up my back, because I had two handkerchiefs in my pocket.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
