





172. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Matthew
                      Martin
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five silver table-spoons, value 3 l. a silver pint mug, value 4 l. a silver pap-spoon, a silver marrow spoon, a silver pepper-castor, a silver punch-ladle, a pair of silver tea-tongs, and a silver half pint mug, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard
                            Potter
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Richard
            , Jan. 1
. *


                  Richard
                   Potter
               



            . I live in Pemberton-row, Gough-square


, and am a Musical-instrument-maker
. I lost my plate on New-year's-day in the evening, out of my house; the things laid in the indictment, (mentioning them) and a considerable number of other things. I was not at home at the time.


                  Mary
                   Hudson
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Potter. On New-year's day, about eight at night, or a few minutes after, I heard a noise in the house. I went down and saw the doors open. I then went and looked in the parlour, and found all the place was gone. I went and called in neighbours to search the house, but we found nobody in it.


                  Nicholas
                   Bond
               



            . On Friday seven-night in the afternoon, a gentleman came to me, and asked me, whether or not there were some people in the information about the coiners, that were not taken? I could not inform him. I took him to the justice: he made information against the prisoner's wife and one Morris. He imagined the prisoner to be Morris. There was a warrant granted. He said to me, You must use some stratagem, or you will never get into his house. There is a door to go in under an arch-way, and when people knock at the door, he looks out at a window and fees who it is, before he will let any body in. I made up a piece of paper in the form of a letter, and sent Mr. Taylor with it as a porter. I said, Knock at the door, and if he looks out, tell him there is a letter for him. Mr. Taylor went and knocked at the door: the prisoner looked out at the window, and asked who was there. Said Taylor, Sir, is your name Martin? He said, yes. Said Taylor, I have a letter for you. The prisoner came and unbolted the door, but it was fastened with a chain, so that it opened about nine inches. I put my knee in, and said, Mr. Martin, open the door. He would not for a long time; but at last he did. I went in, and up stairs, and in searching on the top of a shelf in a closet, I found this plate, all but the milk-pot and tea-tongs. (A silver half pint, a silver pint, a silver pepper-castor, a milk-jug, a punch-ladle, five table spoons, tea-tongs and boat, produced in court.) The others I found in the house.
Prosecutor. These I believe to be my property. Here is a private mark which I made myself on the half pint. I don't absolutely swear to the spoons; they have taken the cyphers almost out. I have one here which matches with them, which they did not take, which makes the half dozen complete. Here is a bruise on the milk-pot, by which I can swear to that. I can swear to all but the spoons; and I believe them to be mine.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.
For the Prisoner.


                  Robert
                   Lee
               



            . The prisoner sells watches and things. I have known him nine or ten years. I am a peruke-maker, and live at Marybone. On the 15th of January last, I carried him home a new wig, between ten and eleven in the forenoon; he lived on Millbank, Westminster. There was a man they called Arnold, and a good deal of plate on the table, and a pair of scales and weights. There was a pint pot, a half pint pot, some spoons, some foreign pieces of silver, and broken buckles. This person they called Arnold, asked five and eight-pence an ounce for it. Mr. Martin said, it was too much. At last they agreed for five and six-pence, and Mr. Martin paid him the money upon the table. Then I tried the wig on, and he paid me for it, and I gave him a receipt. I was served with a subpoena to come here. He paid me a guinea for the peruke; and I believe he has the receipt in his pocket now.
Q. Did you know that Arnold before?
Lee. I believe I have seen him before. I did not then know his name; but when he was going away, the prisoner said, Mr. Arnold, I wish you a good morning.
Q. Did you ever make him a wig before?
Lee. No.
Q. to Bond. When was the prisoner taken up?
Bond. He was taken up on the 9th of February.
Lee. The prisoner and I frequently drank together. I have known him in all parts of the town,


                  Ann
                   Brook
               



            . I live in Graston-street. Arnold lodged in my house. I don't know where he is now. He said nothing to me when he went away. I think it was to-morrow it will be a fortnight, somebody came from Mr. Martin; then he went away.


                  William
                   Fearn
               



            . I live in Holborn. I spent my evening on New-year's-day, at the White-horse in White-horse-alley. I went there about six, and staid till ten. Mr. Martin was there; I remember he had a pint or two of beer before I came in. He staid there all the evening, as long as I did. He might go out to make water, but I don't remember missing him. I think he went when I did, and took his leave of me at my door, at ten, or a quarter after; I remember it by being come home from Birmingham on the day before.
Q. Was you not sent for before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             when the prisoner was examined?

Fearn No.
Q. to Bond. Was you present before Sir John when the prisoner was examined?
Bond. I was. Sir John asked him, how he came by the plate? He made no answer. I found some watch-cases in a desk at his house, and a gentleman has seen them since, and owned them.
Q. How did you find out this prosecutor?
Bond. By a hand-bill from Goldsmith's-hall, that he had had dispersed about. I could perceive the spoons had cyphers on them, but were in part filed out, which made me suspect the plate was stolen; so I brought that and the prisoner away together. When he was examined about the plate, he did not mention a word about buying it of Arnold; neither did he mention being in company with this last witness. All he said was, he desired Sir John would discharge the woman that he lived with: he said, she knew nothing of his affairs.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did you at the prisoner's examination declare the time you lost the plate?
Prosecutor. I did; and that in the prisoner's hearing.
Jos. Lucas. I live in Litchfield-street, and am a watchmaker. I have dealt with the prisoner nine or ten years; he dealt in Lancashire movements. He did live in a court opposite Tavistock-chapel; and the last place I knew him at, was near the Middlesex-hospital, at Marybone. I always believed him to be a very honest man.


                  William
                   Edwards
               



            . I am a watch-maker; I have known him above seven years; he has the character of a very honest man.


                  Abel
                   Ponshaw
               



            . I am a watch-maker, and live in Cross-street, Carnaby-market. I have dealt with him for Lancashire movements between eleven and twelve years. I always found him an honest just man.


                  Richard
                   Ash
               



            . I live in Blackman-street, in the Borough. I have known him upwards of two years. I have sold by auction for him two hundred pounds worth of goods, household goods, watches, plate and jewels. I have bought and sold two or three estates for him. I never heard any thing bad of his character.


                  Edward
                   Phipps
               



            . I am a tallow-chandler. I have known him, about three years. He is a very honest sober man.


                  Francis
                   Crook
               



            . I am in the rum and brandy way, and live at Poplar. I have known him about six months. I never heard a bad character of him.


                  Edward
                   Brian
               



            . I deal in coals. I have known him four years and a half. He has a very good character.


                  Robert
                   Segrave
               



            . I am a watch-maker, and live at No. 45 in Gutter-lane. I have known him about ten or eleven years. He is an honest fair dealing man.


                  James
                   Law
               



            . I am a jeweller, and live in Charter-house-square. I have known him about seven years. he is a very honest man.




               Guilty of stealing the goods only
            . 


               T
            .
