





176. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     CORNELIUS
                      MACLOCKLAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one show glass, value 8 s. nine pair of metal buckles, value 3 s. three snuff boxes, value 4 d. one tobacco box, value 3 d. eight clasp knives, value 18 d. three pair of scissars, value 6 d. three pair of garters, value 3 d. three tea spoons, value 1 d. thirty-seven pair of sleeve buttons, value 3 s. six thimbles, value 3 d. three pair of knee buckles, value 6 d. and four pencils, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Bartlet
                  




               
            , Dec. 31st
. ++


                  James
                   Bartlet
               



            . I am a journeyman wheelwright
; my wife keeps a shop
: I was out on my business; on coming home, I found my wife in tears; she said the show glass had been taken with all the goods it contained; it was kept out upon the window for sale in the day time, and taken in at night. I desired 
               
                  Richard
                   Poole
               



             to go with me to search a person that we suspected of having took it: we went to a public house, a place of suspicious resort. I found no person there; I was directed by the landlord of that house to another house; I went to that house, and there upon intimation of the landlord the prisoner was pointed out as a suspicious person. Poole stopt the prisoner and brought him into the room, opened his apron, and in it found precisely all the things contained in the show glass, and nothing else. I endeavoured afterwards by the assistance of the landlord to get out of some other lads what was become of the show glass.


                  Richard
                   Poole
               



             confirmed this evidence.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found all these things not long before on Tower-hill wrapped up in a white apron.
Poole. The apron was tied round him.
Prisoner. The prosecutor himself actually did find out the real person that took these things, compounded with him, and would not prosecute him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
