






375. (L.) 
               
                  
                     ROBERT
                      KIPPLING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing fourteen guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Blake
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Christopher
                      Paxton
                  



               
            , Feb. 23

. ++



               Acquitted
            .
(L.) He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing one printed book bound in leather, entitled, Advice to a Friend, value 1 s. one other printed book, entitled, The Oeconomy of Human Life, value 1 s. one other printed book, entitled, The New Art of Letter-writing, in two parts, value 1 s. and one other printed book, entitled, A Comparative View of the State and Faculties of Man, &c. value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Scruton
                  



               
            , Feb. 24th

. ++


                  Robert
                   Scruton
               



            . Mr. Blake came to my house the 24th of February last, and told me Kipling, who had been our porter, had robbed him, and that on searching his box he had found some books, and asked him how he came by them; he said his master in Yorkshire gave them to him; I told him I had missed two books, one Advice to a Friend, the other The Oeconomy of Human Life; he said they were two of the books in the box; I went with him; the constable was there; we opened the box and found the four books; they are all mine; I took them out of the box.


                  William
                   Vose
               



            . I am a constable: the prosecutor came to Mr. Blake's; I happened to be there; he said he had missed some books, and described two or three of them to me; the prisoner was then at the Compter; I went to him for the key of the box and found these four books in it; they have been in my custody ever since.
Scruton. One of them has my name upon it.
Mr. Blake. In searching this man's box I discovered the book, one of which was, The Comparative View: I charged him with taking them from somebody; he said his master in the country gave them to him; I locked the box and gave the key to the prisoner; I went to Mr. Scruton's, and told him of it, and he came and owned the books.

Prisoner's Defence.
The books I know nothing at all about.
For the Prisoner.


                  William
                   Sowerby
               



            . I have known the prisoner between 16 and 17 years; he always was a very honest sober young man ever since I knew him.


                  Edward
                   Hopkins
               



            . I am a publican: I have known the prisoner 15 or 16 years; he is a very honest sober man.


                  John
                   Johnson
               



            . I have known the prisoner ever since he was born; he came of very honest parents: I never heard a misdemeanor of him in my life.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
