





320. (M.) 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY
                      BURN
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           William
Freeman
                        



                     
                  , did make an assault, with intent the money and effects of the said William to steal
            , Feb 14
. ++


                  William
                   Freeman
               



            . I was stopt by the prisoner between Catherine-street end and Exeter-change


, at two in the morning of the 14th of this month; I was on the box of a coach coming home: he was a-foot; he catched hold of the reins and gave the horses a jerk, and had like to have catched them over the splinter bar, and then he came up to me and said, sir, your money! and again, sir, your money directly! I stepped on the splinter bar and he run away; I pursued him, and cried stop thief! and another coachman stopt him. I never lost sight of him. When I took him, he held up his hands and said look at my hands.
Q. What was the meaning of that?
Freeman. I do not know; I brought him facing the coach, and delivered him to the watchman, who took him to the watch-house; I drove my coach to the watch-house, and we searched him, and he had this knife open in his waistcoat pocket; (producing a clasp knife.)


                  Edward
                   Winsor
               



            . I took the prisoner; I was about twenty yards from the prosecutor when he called out.
Q. How far was the prosecutor from the prisoner?
Winsor. About twenty yards; on his crying stop thief, I took him and carried him to the watch-house; there I searched him and found that knife upon him.
Q. Are you sure the man you took to the watch-house was the man the prisoner was pursuing?
Winsor. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was very much in liquor; I was crossing by the coach; I bid the coachman stop; he run the pole against my side. I had no knife or any such thing; I am a hard working man.
For the Prisoner.
- Dove. I am a smith: I know the prisoner; he is a smith
; I have known him four or five years; he is just and honest; he lodged with me a twelve-month.


                  Frances
                   Airs
               



            . He is a sober, honest man, very good to his wife and family.
Q. from the Jury to Winsor. What did the prisoner say when you stopt him?
Winsor. He said don't stop me, you will get no credit by it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
