





390. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      PARSONS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a mahogany tea chest, value 5 s. two silver tea spoons, value 5 s. a silver table spoon, value 6 s. two black silk hats, value 10 s. seven linen aprons, value 25 s. six linen shifts, value 18 s. seven linen handkerchiefs, value 21 s. a pair of gloves, value 1 s. four pair of cotton stockings, value 6 s. two pair of muslin ruffles, value 6 s. two muslin caps, value 1 s. a cotton gown, value 12 s. and four guineas in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Margaret
                         Tokelove
                     



                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        James
                         Snow
                     



, Feb. 4
. +


                     Margaret
                      Tokelove
                  




               
            . I live at Mr. Snow's in Church passage, Piccadilly


. On the 4th of February I had been out; I came home about nine at night, and found the door open, and all the things gone that are mentioned in the indictment; I never found any of my things again except one spoon at Mr. Murthwaite's, a pawnbroker's; the spoon was given by the prisoner to two girls of the town; one is kept out of the way by his friends, and the other is in Tothillfields Bridewell for being disorderly.


                  James
                   Slee
               



            . I live with Mr. Murthwaite, a pawnbroker in Oxford-street; this spoon ( producing it) was pawned at our house by 
               
                  Mary
                   Moore
               



            .
Prosecutrix. The prisoner owned before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             that he gave the spoon to her to pawn; there is W M T upon it; the initials of my father and mother's name; he said the spoon was given him by a flight acquaintance that he did not know.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am as innocent of the robbery as the child that is unborn; I do not know that I owned to the taking of the spoon, if I did I was very much in liquor.
Prosecutrix. He was very sober; it was before ten o'clock in the morning on Monday; he owned the same on Wednesday.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            . 


               T
            .
