





136. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      BROWN
                  , otherwise 
TRUEMAN




            , was indicted for 


               stealing two leather cloak bags, value 20 s. one pair of gold shoe-buckles, value 40 s. one pair of gold knee-buckles, value 20 s. five callico shirts, value 20 s. eight silk handkerchiefs, value 16 s. three linen shirts, value 15 s. three pair of silk stockings, value 12 s. one cloth coat, value 10 s. four pair of silk and thread stockings, value 16 s. one velvet waistcoat, value 5 s. one pair of velvet breeches, value 5 s. one cloth livery waistcoat, value 5 s. four linen handkerchiefs, value 4 s. one flannel gown, value 2 s. one cloth livery waistcoat, value 2 s. one pair of worsted breeches, value 2 s. six linen stocks, value 1 s. three pair of worsted socks, value 1 s. two cotton night caps, value 1 s. three thread net caps, value 1 s. one pair of leather boots, value 1 s. one pair of leather shoes, value 1 s. one flannel waistcoat, value 6 d. three linen breakfast-cloths, value 6 d. one shagreen buckle-case, value 6 d. and one pair of thread gauze stockings, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry
                            Jeremiah De Sallis
                        



                     
                  ; and one linen shirt, value 5 s. and two linen neckcloths, 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Burrow
                  



               
            , Nov. 29
.


                  John
                   Knight
               



            . I drive the Northampton coach. The prisoner came to me at Barnet on the 29th of November, and asked me if I could bring him to London an outside passenger. He said he had beer at the next door; he asked me if I would drink; he put a bundle into the boot, and came with me to this side of Sadler's-wells; then he got down, and went himself to take his bundle out. I saw him take out the portmanteau; I said, that is not your bundle. He made no answer, but took it out, and ran away with it. It was about seven in the evening, and was very dark. I took him up between five and six o'clock; it was dark then.
Q. Could you know the man?
Knight. I saw his face when I drank with him in the house, and am positive the prisoner is the man. When he had taken out the portmanteau, he ran down the path-way into the fields. The portmanteau belonged to the Rev. Mr. De Sallis.
Q. from the Prisoner. Was there two portmanteaus, or one?
Knight. One portmanteau with a case.
Q. from the Prisoner. What clothes had I on when you took me up?
Knight. I think a light-coloured coat.
Prisoner. No. I had the same coat on as I have now. He has laid it the 29th of December; it was the 11th of December I found the portmanteau to the best of my knowledge.
Q. When did you hear of the portmanteau being found?
Knight. The day he was taken.


                  Richard
                   Burrow
               



            . I am servant

 to the Rev. Mr.
 De Sallis, whose portmanteau was lost. I pack'd up the things in the portmanteau at Horton, that was Lord Hallifax's. (The goods produced.) Here are several of the things with my master's name on them; I put them up in the portmanteau myself.


                  John
                   Heley
               



            . I belong to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            . I found the things in the prisoner's room in Whitecross-street; they were in some trunks, and the boots hung up on a nail.
Q. How do you know it was the prisoner's room?
Heley. I went there by his direction after he was taken up, on the information of the pawnbroker.


                  John
                   Card
               



            . I am a pawn-broker in Leather-lane. I have known the prisoner almost two years. On the 7th of December I received a warning from Sir John, that such things had been cut off from behind the Northampton fly. I had taken in some of the things before I received the notice. I took some in on Saturday the 30th of November, and some on Monday the 2d of December, in the name of Brown; and on Wednesday the 4th, of the prisoner. (Producing a coat, waistcoat, and breeches, four pair of stockings, and four shirts, which are deposed to by Burrow.)


                  William
                   Marsh
               



            . I am a pawn-broker; I live in Aldersgate-street. The prisoner pawned these things with me; on the 30th of November a pair of stockings; on the 4th of December a coat, waistcoat, and a pair of stockings, in the name of 
               
                  John
                   Smith
               



            ; on the 7th of December a pair of breeches and a pair of shoes: (which were produced, and deposed to by Burrow.)


                  Elizabeth
                   Burges
               



            . I am a silversmith in the Borough. On the 2d of December I bought these gold knee-buckles of the prisoner (producing them); he took them out of his breeches-knees. On the 3d of December he sold me a pair of gold shoe buckles. I gave him 3 l. 7 s. an ounce; they were not standard.
Q. How was he dressed?
Burges. Very genteel; he said he was in an office, and was afraid to wear them; he said he had not wore them above three or four times, and that he lost l. by them.
- Morgan. I am a pawn-broker in Aldersgate-street. The prisoner pawned these things with me. (Producing two shirts and one pair of stockings, deposed to by Burrow.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the portmanteau about ten o'clock, about the 11th of December, as I was coming home from Islington. I was in doubt what to do with them, so I thought it best to make away with them as soon as possible, because, as it was open, more might be laid to my charge than there was there.

For the Prisoner.


                  William
                   Ransom
               



            . I have known the prisoner three years; I believe him to be a very sober man; I have nothing to say against his honesty.
Q. Nor for it?
Ransom. No.


                  William
                   Gibbs
               



            . I am a tobacco-pipe-maker; he lived in the court where I live three years; I know no harm of him.


                  Henry
                   Hasgrave
               



            . I have known the prisoner twelve months; I never heard any thing amiss of him.


                  Richard
                   Burnham
               



            . I have known the prisoner three years; I never knew any harm of him.


                  Rebecca
                   Welch
               



            . The prisoner lived in my house four years; he is a sober, quiet man; he paid me very honestly.


                  Ann
                   Koker
               



            . I have known the prisoner three years; he is a very honest man; he has been at my house, and paid me very honestly what he had of me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
