





376. (2d. L.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      ADAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 32 lb. of moist sugar, value 10 s. the property of persons unknown
            . April 20th
. +


                  Wm.
                   Sissum
               



            . On the 20th of April, about eight at night, I was told by Jefferson, that his servant saw a person open the door of the warehouse; I went down and saw the door broke open, and I put on a new lock directly; I went into the buildings to search at the two story warehouse; I found two paper bags full of sugar one two thirds full, and one empty; and beside the bags was a hat, that the prisoner had on the same day. I called out that I had found the goods. The people called out that the man had just jumped out of the warehouse. He had a great coat on, and his arms up to the elbows, all over sugar.


                  Henry
                   Payne
               



            . On the 20th of April I saw the prisoner getting out of a hole out of the warehouse with no hat on; when he was taken into the compting-house, his arms were all over sugar.


                  Samuel
                   Garrerd
               



            . The prisoner was a servant with me; this hat is the hat which the prisoner wore.


                  Elizabeth
                   Mason
               



            . A little after seven at night, I saw a man attempting to break into Smart's Key


; I don't know whether it was the prisoner; I told my master Mr. Jefferson of it.


                  Thomas
                   Charnock
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the bottom of Smart's Key; he had no hat on, this hat I saw him wear the same day.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of this; as to my hat I dropped it into the river; I am entirely innocent of the charge.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
