







560, 561, 562. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH
                      BAILISS
                  , otherwise 
BOWDEN




            , 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      KING
                  , otherwise 
WILLIAMS




            , and 
               
                  
                     BRYAN
                      SMITH
                  



               
             were indicted, the two first for 


               stealing a silk purse, value 4 d. five guineas and a half guinea, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Nelson
                        



                     
                  , privately from his person
            ; and the other for 


               receiving, harbouring, and maintaining them, knowing them to have committed the said felony
            , July 26th

.


                  William
                   Nelson
               



            . On the 26th of July, about two o'clock in the morning, on the other side Temple Bar I saw fourteen or sixteen girls of the town on a fish stall; Bailiss and King came up to me and desired me to give them a glass of wine; I told them it was too late for wine or any thing else, and desired they would let me go about my business; they told me they had had but a glass of gin each of them for the night and were almost ready to faint, and again entreated me to give them a glass of wine, and they would carry me to a reputable house; I went with them to the Ship and Dolphin tavern, which has been since christened the King's Head tavern; one of the girls knocked at the door; the waiter opened it, and we were shewn into a room on the left hand; I called for a pint of red port, the waiter brought it and went out of the room immediately; they used some indecencies which I resisted; then Bailiss clapped her hand on my thigh and said here is money; they were feeling about my waistcoat and breeches; upon that I took my purse, containing the money, out of my breeches pocket and put it in my side coat pocket; they then drew their chairs nearer to me and clapped their hands round me, and Bailiss got the purse out of my pocket; as she drew it out I heard the money chink, and saw her give it to the other girl; I wrenched myself from them and said this is the most barefaced robbery I ever saw, and called the waiter and told him I had been robbed, and desired him to call his master; the waiter said it was a house of reputation and that he would not call his master for any such fellow as I was; I said I was robbed of five guineas and a half, and desired him again to call his master or the watchman, or somebody; he said d - n you, you scoundrel, you do not look as if you was worth five guineas and a half in the world, and he would not go to call his master; the girls then said if I made a noise they would murder me; upon which the girls made up to the waiter and seemed to give him the money, but I did not actually see them give him the money; as soon as they had so done he called them whoring bitches and said he would get a constable; he went out and I saw no more of him till he came in with the constable; then one of the girls asked me where my purse was, I said in my side pocket; she said where, I said here, shewing her my pocket; she said it is not there now; I said no, and pulled out some books, and said on the table for her to feel; she put her hand in, as my hand was in my pocket, and put the empty purse into my hand; I said if she would give me the contents I would make her a present of the purse; when the constable came the girls were searched, but no money was found upon them.
Q. from Bailiss. Did not you say when we went into the house that you had no money, and that if you called for any more than a pint of wine you should have nothing left to give the waiter, and when the constable came in you believed you said the waiter was an honest fellow, and you would reward him next day; but the constable said he was a blackguard and it was necessary to take him to the watch-house?
Nelson. It is totally false.
Q. from King. Did not you say if I would give you my company, you had no more money now, but would give me half a guinea if I called at the Union coffee house next day?
Nelson. No.
Q. from Smith: Did not I fetch a constable when you told me you had been robbed?
Nelson. No, not at first.
Court. Does the same man keep that house now?
Nelson. Yes.
- Swift. I am a constable; I was sent for to the Ship and Dolphin on the 26th of July, about half after two in the morning; the watchman called me; the prosecutor said he had been robbed by the girls of five guineas and a half; I believe Smith let me in; I searched the girls but found nothing upon them; I asked if any body else had been in the room; he said nobody but the waiter; I said I dare say if the waiter has been in the room the money is not now in the room; I stripped the girls to their shifts and searched the chairs and round the room, but could not find the money; I rung for the waiter and searched him, but I found nothing but some silver on him.
Bailiss's Defence.
I was standing by Temple Bar; the prosecutor came and took King by the hand and said he would give her a glass of wine, and bid her bring me with her; we went to the Ship and Dolphin; he said he would only call for a pint of wine, because he had no more money; that if he called for a bottle he should have nothing to give the waiter; when we had drank the wine he called the waiter and said he was robbed of five guineas, and bid him call the watch; I never saw any more money than what paid for the wine.
King's Defence.
He said he had no money, but if I would give him my company, if I came to the Union coffee house next day, he would give me half a guinea.
Smith's Defence.
This gentleman came in between two and three in the morning with the women, and called for a pint of wine; in about five minutes he called me and said he was robbed of five guineas; I went out and brought in three watchmen; he said before the watchmen I was an honest fellow, and he would reward me next day.
Smith called two women who gave him a good character.
BAILISS and KING 


               guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            . 



               T
            .
SMITH 

               acquitted
            .
