





269. (M) 
               
                  
                     PETER
                      HARCOTT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value three pounds, and six shillings in money numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James
                            Wise
                        




                     
                   privately from the person of the said James
            , April the 5th
. ++


                  James
                   Wise
               



            . On the 5th of April, about ten at night I was at the Butcher's Arms in Carnaby Market


. The prisoner came in, and asked me to drink; we drank a pint or two of beer together, and then I fell asleep; when I waked I missed my watch and my money. I wound the watch up just before I fell asleep; there was nobody in the room with me but the prisoner and the landlord. When I awaked the prisoner was gone: having a strong suspicion of him, I had him taken up, and a pawnbroker's duplicate of my watch was found upon him; he had pawned it in his own name. I was rather in liquor. (The watch was produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Henry
                   Dixon
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 6th of April, the prisoner, in company with another man, pawned this watch with me; it has been in my custody ever since.


                  Francis
                   Perry
               



            . Wife and the prisoner were drinking together at my house on the 5th of April. Wife fell asleep; while he was asleep, the prisoner desired me to draw him a pint of beer: when he had drank the beer he went out, and did not return again.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was drinking with the prosecutor at the Butcher's Arms. I had occasion to go to the necessary, and there I found the watch: the next day I pawned the watch to get some things out of pawn.
Q. to Wise. Was you ever at the necessary?
Wise. No, I never stirred off my seat.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               Guilty of stealing the goods, but not guilty of stealing them privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
