







85, 86, 87. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Gannon
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Hopecroft
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Joseph Muston
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Moses
                            Benjamin
                        




                     
                  , on 24 December
, about the hour of six in the night, and stealing thirty-six yards of silk ribbon, value 12 s. two needle cases, value 2 s. six rows of beads, value 3 s. one mock garnet necklace, value 4 s. and one silk lace, value 9 d. the property of the said 
                     
                        Moses
                         Benjamin
                     



                  , in his dwelling house
            . ++


                  Jane
                   Benjamin
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Moses
                   Benjamin
               



            . I keep a house in Whitechapel


, and keep a little millener shop. My house was broke open about six o'clock in the night before Christmas day; they broke the window, and took out the ribbon. I was backwards in the kitchen.
Q. Was there any body in the shop?
Benjamin. No; and the shop door was locked: the goods were lying for some distance from the window; in the street.
Q. Was there any light in your shop?


                  Benjamin
               


             No, there was a light in the adjoining shop. A man working in that shop heard the glass broke, and ran out.
Samual Freeman. I am porter at an oil shop in Whitechapel. I was going by the prosecutors house with a load. I saw the prisoners about the window. I stopt at a wine vault about fourteen or sixteen yards distance; I staid there near a quarter of an hour. There were three of them.
Q. Where did they stand?
Freeman. About three quarters of a yard distance from each other. One was at the door, another at the window, and the third at the dead wall. I saw one of them hawl the things. out, and put them into the waistband of his breeches. He at the wall said, What, have you done it? The other swore a bitter oath, and said, Hold your wiz. There was no creature passed by at the time; at last a man that carries coals came up; I told him them villains had broke the window.
Q. Did you hear the window brake?
Freeman. No; he said he would knock at the door; then I went about my business. When I came back again, they had shut up the window shutters, I said; Now the steed is stole. you shut up the stable door. My mistress asked me, it I could swear to them; I said I could. I saw them the Saturday following; this was Christmas eve. The Monday night I saw them again; the Saturday following I could see them very plain; there was a lamp over their heads.
Q. Which stood at the window?
- Gannon. Hopcraft stood at the door, and Muston at the dead wall; I saw them taking something out at the window, but could not distinguish what.
Q. from Gannon. Did not you say I had a white waistcoat on?
- He had a white jacket on, with black spots on it, and he had leather breeches.


                  Sarah
                   Hurford
               



            . I live four doors from Mrs. Benjamin; I had been out that afternoon. I came home between four and five; I saw the three prisoners and another, standing by the road side. I went out again about a quarter before six; then I saw them all four round Mrs. Benjamin's window; I saw Gannon picking round the glass, as if he wanted to get the pane out; they left the window as I passed them, and then they returned again to it.


                  Adam
                   Ward
               



            . I am a milk-man: I was going by Mrs. Benjamin's house with my milk pail: I saw the ribbons lay drawn out into the road; I walked a little further, and there I saw the three prisoners and another lad; they crossed the road into Great Garden Street, which is about one hundred roads from Mrs. Benjamin's. The ribbons lay from Mrs. Benjamin's that way. Gannon said, D - n my eyes, how the man after me through the mud, and how the ribbons draw'd along; and clapp'd his hand upon his knee. When I came opposite Black Lion yard they stopp'd, and I passed them; they crossed the way towards Whitechapel church; there was a watchmaker at his own door; I told him of the four boys; he ask'd me why I did not take them. When I came down lower there was Muston and Hopcraft following (I supposed). to Gannon and the other. I put my pails down, and took one in each hand; and when I accused them with being concerned in stealing the ribbons, one of them began a crying; I went for a constable; in the mean time Mr. Cresser took Gannon.


                  George
                   Cresser
               



            . I was going for a constable; I saw Gannon and the other run over the road; I pursed them; I took Gannon, but the other made his escape.
Q. to Prosecutrix. What did you miss?
Benjamin. I missed a great many things; I have got a part of them; a great many little articles are entirely gone; here are a parcel of ribbons, some needle boxes, and six rows of necklaces (producing them.) These I found in the street; the others are lost entirely.
Q. Was any thing found upon either of the prisoners?
Benjamin. The constable searched them, but did not find any thing; he did not search their breeches.
Q. Was the ribbon they stole all loose?
Benjamin. No; it was upon blocks; they hung upon a string; they pulled one and they all followed.
Q. Are there any marks upon them?
Benjamin. No.
Gannon's Defence. I belong to a West India man, the Elizabeth; I went to a public house at Stepney to enquire for our lieutenant; as I was coming by the Infirmary, the gentleman laid hold of me; they searched me; but found nothing upon me; I was going down to my ship; I shall be fourteen the eighth of next March; my father lives in Rosemary lane.
Hopcraft's Defence. I was coming to work along Whitechapel; the milkman took hold of me by the collar; I was willing to go with them back to the shop; the gentle woman that gave evidence said, this is never a one of the boys.
Court to 
               
                  Sarah
                   Hurford
               



            . Did you say so?
Hurford. I could swear to Gannon when I first saw them; I did not recollect them all at first; I can recollect them all now.
Murton's Defence. I was going home; I had not been at work that day; I am a plaisterer; this man catched hold of me as I was running full-butt against him; we were brought before this girl, and she swore only to Gannon. My father is in St. Thomas's Hospital; he fell from a scaffold and broke his legs.
All three 


               guilty of stealing only
            . 




               T
            .
