





360. (2d L.) 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL
                      WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six silver tea spoons, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Evans
                  




               
            , May 27
. ~


                  William
                   Evans
               



            . I am a silversmith
, and live in Aldgate-high-street


: on the 27th of May, while at dinner, I heard somebody call out that I was robbed, for a boy had broke my show glass; I went to the door and saw the prisoner stopped, but he got off again for a Jew came up and got me by the collar, and said I had no business with that boy for he had only broke the glass; by this means the boy slipped from me, but was secured by the other witness before he got out of my sight, but I never got my spoons again; I suppose I must have lost a dozen and a half.


                  Joshua
                   Marshall
               



            . Going up the street I saw the prisoner very busy with his hand about the show glass; I was then thirty yards distance; when I got nearer I could perceive his hand in the show glass; I was then close to him; I asked him what business he had there; he ran away; I saw him taken by the other witness.


                  George
                   Harris
               



            . I took hold of the prisoner; he said let me go I have only broke the glass.


                  John
                   Bull
               



            . I am a constable; I took him into custody; nothing was found upon him; I suppose he had an opportunity of giving them some accomplice. I found a small knife in his pocket.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am fourteen years old; I know nothing of the matter.
He called his mother to his character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
