





452. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      SPICER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twelve guineas, a nine shilling piece and four crowns in money, the property of 
                     
                        Andrew
                         Murray
                     



                  , privately from his person
            , June 1st
.


                     Andrew
                      Murray
                  




               
            . I am a hawker and pedlar
. I was in Hackney Road last Monday evening; I met with the prisoner there about five or six in the evening; she asked me to treat her with a pot of beer. I had seen her five or six times before. I went with her to the sign of the Gibralter; we went into the tap room; she said she would see me home; afterwards, when we came out of the house, I felt her hand in my pocket, where my money was in a green worsted purse. She had hold of my arm.
Q Was you sober?
Murray. Yes; but I am lame; I can't walk three miles a day.
Q. Had you ever been in company with her before?
Murray. I never drank with her before. As soon as she got my money, she ran away. I could not follow her.


                  Thomas
                   Wilmot
               



             deposed, that he took the prisoner into custody; that he found her a bed. He searched her packet and found only a shilling and some halfpence; that after that, he tumbled the bed clothes, and found there a green purse under the bed, between the bed and the ticking; (the purse was produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.) He said that the prisoner was dressed very gay much above what she used to be, and said her son gave her the purse; but afterwards said she found it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the purse about one o'clock. My son gave me the crown pieces a great while ago




               Guilty of stealing, but to privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
