





704. (L.) 
               
                  
                     MARGARET
                      CAREY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen frock, value 1 s. a linen apron, value 3 d. a mock garnet necklace and a silver locket, value 1 s. a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 2 s. and a pair of gold earring wires, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Goodwin
                  




               
            , Sept. 14th
. ++


                  Matthew
                   Swift
               



            . I heard an outcry in the parish of St. Clement Danes, that a woman had stripped a child; I went up to the spot, and the child said the prisoner had stripped her; I desired the prisoner to produce the things; she said she had none, and that she was with child, and begged I would not hurt her; I went to search her, and the dropped a jam and pin cloth from under her clothes; the child said she had her necklace, ear-rings and buckles; I then took her to St. Clement's watch house, and then she produced the things.


                  William
                   Moyles
               



            . I took the prisoner; I searched her; the child is the daughter of 
               
                  Ann
                   Goodwin
               



            ; when I took the prisoner, the former witness went with her to the watch-house, and being charged with the things she produced them.


                  Ann
                   Goodwin
               



            . I am the mother of the child; the things produced are my property; the child had them on her; she went down from dinner, and was missing an hour.
Prisoner's Defence.
Going through the Temple there was a great number of people; I ran to see what was the matter, and found these things lying on the parade; I put them in my pocket; I was rather in liquor; they took me to the round house, and took the things from me; I did not know that any child had been stripped.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
