






443. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN
                      SPICER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      NORTH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing six bushels of barley, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Harris
                  




               
            .


                  John
                   Harris
               



            . I am a corn-factor
: I had a cargo of corn consigned to me, which was brought by a barge, called the Oak, to Gainsbury wharf


.


                  James
                   Daniel
               



            , who is a waterman, deposed, that Spicer ordered him to go along side his barge; that he put two sacks in his boat, and brought them to Iron-gate; that North ordered Spicer to take one of the sacks on his shoulder, which he refused to do; that North then fetched a porter, who took one of the sacks, and the other was taken away afterwards by another porter; that one of the porters was stopped on Tower-hill.


                  Martin
                   Rossiter
               



            , another waterman, deposed, that half after nine in the evening, he stopped one Turnbull with a sack of barley, by Tower Ditch; that North came up, and said they were only sweepings of corn; that he found it was good barley, and he followed the porter; that North bid him throw it down, and then he stopped the corn and the porter.
The constable deposed that the next day, by the information of Rossiter, he went on board a vessel, and took the prisoners, and charged them with stealing the corn, but they said they knew nothing of it; that he came back and took a sample out of the large sack; that then North accused Spicer, but when they came before the Justice he owned he was concerned in this business.


                  William
                   Turnbull
               



             deposed, that he was employed by North to carry a sack of corn to Dr. Bullcock's; that as he was going along a porter followed him; that then North bid him throw the corn down and it was taken.


                  Joseph
                   Corderoy
               



             deposed, that he is keeper of the prison of St. Catherine's; that he took possession of the corn, sealed up the bags, and kept them till they were brought to the Sessions House.


                  Thomas
                   Williams
               



             deposed, that he was servant to Dr. Bullcock; that Carter, a porter, brought a sack of corn to their house; that he said he came from North; that North had been a patient to Dr. Bullcock; that he never heard his master desire him to bring him any sweepings of corn; that his master was not at home when it was brought; that Carter put it down in the shop and went away.
- Carter deposed, that he was employed by North to carry the corn to Dr. Bullcock's.
Spicer's Defence.
I never saw it on board and never touched it.
North's Defence.
I had spoke to Spicer for some sweepings of corn: I never saw this barley till I was before the Justice.
North called four witnesses who gave him a good character.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
