






283, 284. (1st. L.) 
               
                  
                     William
                      Mullock
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Lane
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Price
                  




               
            , March 1
. +


                  Thomas
                   Price
               



            . I was standing in Ludgate Street


, between two and three in the afternoon. On the first of March, Mr. Pain touched me on the shoulder, and said, I had lost my handkerchief. I put my hand in my left-hand pocket, and my handkerchief was gone; it was a red and white linen handkerchief.


                  William
                   Pain
               



            . On the first of March, I was down at the end of Fleet Market, when the Welch gentlemen were going in possession to St. Bride's. I observed the two prisoners were attempting to pick pockets, I kept my eye upon them all the way to Ludgate, and I saw Lane put his hand into the prosecutor's left hand pocket, as he stood to see the procession; and pulled this handkerchief about half way out. The prosecutor turning round, he stood as if unconcerned, gaping about. The prosecutor was earnest in seeing the people come by, then they came close up to him, and surrounded his pocket; then Mullock took his handkerchief quite out, and was putting it into his bosom. They stood together; they immediately made off. I told the gentleman he had lost his handkerchief; he felt in his pocket, and said, he had, Mr. Kinman seeing it, seized Mullock; I saw him immediately drop the handkerchief; I picked it up; the other ran across the way between two coaches. I seized him, and we took them to the Counter. The prosecutor said, if the handkerchief was his, there was a P on one corner of it, which there was.
(Produced in Court and deposed to by the Prosecutor.)
The evidence of Pain was confirmed by Kinman.
Lane's Defence.
I took it off the ground.
Mullock's Defence.
I never saw the handkerchief till Pain took it up.
The prisoners called three witnesses who gave them a good character.
Both 

               Guilty
            , 



               T
            .
