





357. (2d L.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      PORTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen apron, value 6 d. and a watch, inside case gold, and the outside case base metal, covered with shagreen, value 8 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Banks
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            , May 5th
. ~


                  Sarah
                   Banks
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John
                   Banks
               



            ; my husband lives in Naked-boy-court, Ludgate-hill


: he is a verger
 of St. Paul's. On Wednesday the 5th of May he was attending the church: the watch hung upon a hook in the parlour; I saw it about half after eleven in the morning; I went up stairs into my bed room; I put to the street door but did not fasten it; I went up stairs into the one pair of stairs room; before I had been there ten minutes, I heard as I thought the neighbour's child playing; upon looking down stairs I saw the door quite open; I went down to shut it; when I had got within five steps of the bottom, I saw the prisoner coming out of the parlour; I mistrusted she had been there upon a bad account; I asked her what she wanted; she said one Mrs. Saunders, or some such name; I went quickly into the parlour and missed the watch; she had not then got out of the passage; I took her by the arm and pulled her into the parlour, and there be ing a young man up three pair of stairs, who used to come backwards and forwards to our house. I called to him to assist; the prisoner seeing somebody else in the house, threw the watch down upon a chair; I saw her throw it down. She denied the fact, and said she would not run away but would go readily with the constable. I sent for a constable and followed him to Guildhall. (The watch produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix). When I had taken her into the parlour she dropped the apron upon the floor; I left it somewhere in the parlour when I went up stairs.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to the house to enquire for Mrs. Andrews; Mrs. Banks pulled me into the room and charged me with stealing the things; I know nothing of them.




               Guilty 39 s
            . 


               T
            .
