





657. (L.) 
               
                  
                     ALICE
                      WALKER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a canvas bag, value 1 d. nine guineas, two half guineas, a twenty-seven shilling piece, and 4 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Atkins
                  




               
            , September 7
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Atkins
               



            . I am a waggoner
; last Monday about five o'clock in the afternoon, I met the prisoner in Newgate-market; she asked me to treat her; we went into the Poulterer's-arms


 and had six-pennyworth; we had not been there five minutes before she went away, and ran out directly like an arrow; I put my hand in my pocket and missed my money; I went after her, and took her in Warwick-lane; I got a constable, and had her searched, but did not find my money; it was in a canvas bag in my right hand breeches pocket; I know I had the money when I went into the house, and I was nigh nobody but her.


                  John
                   Calby
               



            . Upon Monday night about eight o'clock or before, this woman was brought into our prison by Proctor the constable, for robbing a man; when we were shutting up we missed her; in the morning we found her with 
               
                  Michael
                   Johnson
               



            , and found five guineas in a purse in his pocket, and three guineas sewed up in his hat under his button; he is a taylor; we searched about the wainscot where Johnson lies, and found the prosecutor's bag with a moidore and 2 s. in it; she said she had the money in her hand when they searched her, and tied it up in her hair when she went to bed, and that Johnson when she was a bed took it out of her hair; she said she designed to give the money to the man of the tap-room to give the prosecutor again, but Johnson persuaded her to go with him, and he would take care of it.
- Hunt. I keep the Oxford-arms; this man brought the prisoner down to my house; she was searched, and we could find nothing upon her; she was taken to the Compter; I went in the morning, and she said she had lain with a man all night, and he had the money, and desired us to search him; we did, and found five guineas in a purse, and three guineas sewed up in his hat. (The bag produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not rob him at all; he took me to Bartholomew-fair, and asked me to drink; he asked me to go to the Inn, I went with him; then he asked me to go down into the country with him, and gave me the money to buy me some wearing apparel. I did not confess I took the money, he gave it me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
