






734, 735. (M.) 
               
                  
                     DAVID
                      FRENCH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      CADMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing 2 silver pint mugs; value 38 s. six silver tea spoons, value 6 s. a pair of silver tea tongs, value 4 s. and three silver salt spoons, value 2 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Hind
                     



                  , in his dwelling house
            , Sept. 15
.


                     John
                      Hind
                  




               
            . I was absent from my shop a short time on the 13th of September; when I returned I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; they were taken out of a shew glass, in my shop; from its situation, I think it could not be taken out without the person's coming into the shop; I saw an advertisement next day, that my plate had been stopt; I went according to the advertisement and saw it, and am certain it is my property.


                  John
                   Fyle
               



            . I saw the two prisoners at one o'clock, on the 15th of September, near Houndsditch; they were enquiring for a Jew, whose character, I have heard, is that of a notorious receiver of stolen goods. I suspected there was something wrong; I called upon Mr. Galpin; we took the bundle from Cadman, which contained the pieces of plate mentioned in the indictment. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  James
                   Galpin
               



             confirmed this evidence.
French's Defence.
I know nothing about it; I am but eleven years old; I was going to be bound apprentice to a jeweller.
Witness. He is an apprentice to a chimney sweeper
; I have seen his indenture.
Cadman's Defence.
French was to give me some money to dispose of the plate.
Both 


               Guilty 39 s.
            




               T
            .
