





63. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN
                      PERRY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a quantity of lead, value forty shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  Saunders and 
                        
                           
                              William
                               Bosanquit
                           







            .



                  THOMAS
                   TUCK
               



             sworn.
I know Mess. Bosanquit, who live in Lime-street, their coachhouse is in Alderman's-walk, near Bishopsgate


: last Sunday morning, a little after seven o'clock, I looked out of the window and saw the prisoner at the bar on the top of the coach-house cutting off the lead: he had ripp'd off one sheet and thrown it down, and was taking off another: I immediately called one of the servants, and told him there was a man taking the lead off the house: I went to the window where I saw the prisoner first, and called to him: he said he was ordered to take it off, and would do it; I said he should not: I ran out and met him at the top of Alderman's-walk, and delivered him to the watchman, who kept him till a constable came.


                  ANN
                   BUCK
               



             sworn.
Last Sunday morning I saw the prisoner cutting the lead off Messrs. Bosanquit's coach-house, I likewise saw him get down and go through the walk, till the last witness took him.


                  WALTER
                   PROP
               



             sworn.
On Sunday morning about seven o'clock I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner at the bar: I found a knife at the top of the house, and on searching him I found two knives in his pocket.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was ordered by a coachman to go and take the lead off the house, and the young man who spoke first, said it is very well, when I told him I was ordered by a coachman: I said I would go and see if I had not proper authority.



               GUILTY
            . 


               T
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Baron BURLAND.
