







145, 146. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      BARGO
                  , otherwise 
HOPKINS




            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      ROBINSON
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one feather-bed, value ten shillings, one blanket, value three shillings, one linen bed-quilt, value one shilling, and one linen sheet, value six-pence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jane
                            Estoo
                        




                     
                  , widow
, the said goods being in a certain lodging let by contract to the said prisoners
            , December 4th
.


                  JANE
                   ESTOO
               



             sworn.
The prisoner hired a room at my house; I was not at home at the time it was let to them by Mrs. Crawford.
BATHIAH CRAWFORD sworn.
The prisoners came to Mrs. Estoo's to look at a lodging; she was out, they agreed to pay three shillings a week; they were both together, the man said the woman was his wife; they gave six-pence earnest: I shewed them the bed and bedding, and every thing that was in the room; about two hours after, the woman who called herself his wife came and asked me for the key; I gave it her, and a pair of clean sheets: I live in the next house: the next day se'nnight the neighbours informed me they were upon the move; I sent for Mrs. Estoo, we went up into the room; the woman was in the room, but the man was not: we missed the things mentioned in the indictment, and asked her what was become of them? she said she could not tell, and did not care for what we could do to her: we took her before justice Girdler, and she was committed; then she said that the man had pawned the things, but she would not tell where.


                  JANE
                   ESTOO
               



             sworn.
I was at a gentleman's house in Hatton-garden; my house is in Tash-street, Gray's-inn-lane; a woman that lodges in the next room came and informed me they were moving: Mrs. Crawford and I went up into the prisoners room, I found the bed and things were taken away; she said the man took it the night before; that he was not her husband; that she did not know where he was, nor where he resorted; that she had not known him above a week: he was taken and brought to justice Girdler's, there he said the things were pawned, but he would not tell where, because he said it would hobble the pawnbroker.
HOPKINS's DEFENCE.
I went out to work; when I came home, I found the door open; the prosecutrix has keys that will open every door in the house.
Prosecutrix. I have not.
ROBINSON's DEFENCE.
I know nothing about the things.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            . 



               T
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHHURST.






[Branding. See summary.]







[Imprisonment. See summary.]


