





370. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR
                      BRANDETT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two linen shirts, value 2 s. two linen aprons, value 1 s. one check frock, value 1 s. one linen skirt, value 1 s. a flat iron, value 6 d. and a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Forrester
                  




               
            , March 14
. ~


                  James
                   Forrester
               



            . About the 14th of March I lost the things mentioned in the indictment. The prisoner was my servant
; she had only lived a little while with us; on a certain day a person came past my shop, and seeing her go in and out, she called in and asked my wife if she did not live there; my wife said she did; she seemed to be a little concerned in her way of asking for her; I said, if any thing was the matter, I desired she would let me know; she said she was not a person fit to be trusted in a house; I asked her to come in; and on that I desired my wife to look through the house, and see if there was any thing missing; and she did, and found the things missing in the indictment. I asked the prisoner first of all if she had taken these things; at first she denied it; I then sent, for a constable, and charged him with her; then she owned to part; she owned she had taken one shirt and an apron; afterwards, when she was carried to the Compter, she owned she took the silver buckles, the flat iron, and the child's skirt and frock; she said one shirt, the apron, and flat iron, were at Mr. Parker's, the pawnbroker, the bottom of Wood-street; I went there and found them; (the shirt, apron, and flat iron, produced and deposed to) she told me she left the buckles at the King's-arms, Philip-lane, with 
               
                  Joseph
                   Thompson
               



            , who is a servant there. At Mr. Acton's, pawnbroker, in Fore-street, were left the child's frock and skirt, and one shirt; I found them there; (produces them.)


                  Joseph
                   Thompson
               



            . The prisoner brought me the buckles about seven weeks ago, and asked me to lend her sixpence on them; she said they were her husband's buckles; I lent her sixpence; she redeemed them next day; and the day following, came and asked me to lend her 2 d. more on them; she had 3 d. 4 d. and 6 d. &c. on them, till it came to 4 s. all but 2 d.
Q. Did she redeem them afterwards?
Thompson. No. (The buckles deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I was not a hired servant to Mr. Forrester; I did take some of the things to pay my lodging, which was a shilling a week; I was very much distressed, so I took them to raise money on.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
