





283. (L.) 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET
                      SINGLETON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one watch with a gold case, value 5 l. one gold snuff box set with moco stones, value 4 l. one silver etwee case, value 15 s. one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 5 s. three silk gowns, value 8 l. one callico petticoat, value 5 s. three worked linen aprons, value 20 s. two pair of linen ruffles, value 5 s. one gause apron laced with thread lace, value 5 s. one worked black lace handkerchief, value 3 s. one silk teresa, value 3 s. one worked wire cap laced, value 5 s. one black bonnet, value 2 s. one silk cloak, value 3 s. two linen aprons, value 2 s. two linen shifts, value 4 s. two cambrick handkerchiefs, value 5 s. and 38 l. in monies, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Vowell
                  




               
            , Dec. 20th
. ++
Mr. Vowell. The prisoner was my servant
; she absconded about the 20th of December, and we missed the things mentioned in the indictment about five in the evening; they are chiefly wearing apparel of my wife's and money in her custody.

Mrs. Vowell. I know I lost the things mentioned in the indictment ( repeating them;) the money, watch, and snuff-box were in a bureau, and the clothes were in the drawers.
Q. When did you last see them before you missed them?
Vowell. I do not know but I might see some of them that same day.
Q. Was the bureau locked?
Vowell. Yes.
Q. The drawers locked?
Vowell No? I found them missing about five in the evening on the 20th of December.
Q. Did you find the bureau open?
Vowell. Yes; it appeared to be wrenched open.
Q. As to the gown and other things are you positive they were in the drawers at any time?
Vowell Yes: a few days before, I suspected the prisoner; the things were found on her.


                  Thomas
                   Ratcliffe
               



            . I am a constable; the prisoner was advertised, and I took her with one of the gowns on her back; I found her in Liverpoole; the things have been in the Mayor of Liverpoole's house ever since; they are here now; she had a watch hanging by her side. The Mayor's clerk is here.
Mr. Whittal. I am clerk to Mr. Gilwood, who is town clerk of Liverpoole; when the prisoner was apprehended I attended the Mayor to take the information; she said she took the things and the money found upon her from her master Mr. Vowell: they have been in the custody of the Mayor of Liverpoole. (The gown produced.)
Ratcliffe. This is the gown I found upon her.
Whittal. I saw the watch and the things that were found upon her. (The things produced and deposed to by Mrs. Vowel.)
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, but begged the mercy of the court.
For the prisoner.


                  Samuel
                   Smith
               



            . I know the prisoner; I always looked upon her as a sober honest girl; she has often been in my house; I never had any reason to suspect her; I believe it to be her first offence. I dare say Mr. Vowell desires she might appear in as favourable a light as can be to the court.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
