






604, 605. (L.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      HUSSEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE
                      HOGG
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing three loaves of lump sugar 35 lb. value 26 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Spencer
                  




               
            , May 31
. ~
- Spencer. I am the wife of 
               
                  James
                   Spencer
               



            : my husband lives in Long-lane, Smithfield


. I lost three loaves of sugar on Whitsun-Monday; the prisoner Hussey and a boy, the evidence, came for a halfpenny worth of small beer; I saw them looking at the sugar loaves, but had no suspicion of them; I locked my door and went out between seven and eight o'clock to see a gentlewoman; I returned in about half an hour and found my door broke open; the hinges were wrenched off and the lock broke; some of the neighbours told me Hussey and Hogg had been in and out several times; I went next morning and searched their lodgings, and found my sugar; they lodge three doors higher up the lane; I found two loaves of sugar in Hussey's room, and the paper of the other loaf in Hogg's room; it was marked D, as all mine are marked; the two loaves were marked No. 4 and 11; I am sure they are my property.


                  Ann
                   Marsh
               



            . I lodged at Mr. Spencer's when the fact was done. On the 31st of May, in the evening, I came down for some vinegar and saw the prisoners at the shop door; I told them Mrs. Spencer was not at home; about ten minutes after I came down again and saw them at the door; I thought being holiday time they might be in liquor; the next thing I heard was that the door was broke open.


                  William
                   Long
               



            . I am a lapidary: I was standing at my own door; Mrs. Hussey asked me to go and have some beer with her; I said I did not care if I did; we went to the prosecutor's and had a pint of small beer; while the woman turned to draw it, she beckoned to me to take one of the sugar loaves; I did not take it then; we drank the beer and went away; Mrs. Hussey went home and fetched Mrs. Hogg; I stood at my own door; they watched about the shop till the woman went out; we saw her go out and lock the door; Hussey bid me go and fetch a chissel down; I work at Hussey's house; I brought the chissel down, and Mr. Hussey desired me to wrench the hinges off the door; I was not agreeable; she said I should or else her sister should not give me any work; so I did it; Hussey shoved the lock back with a piece of thin iron; then we got in; I put two sugar loaves in Hussey's apron, and one in Mrs. Hogg's: we carried them up to Mrs. Hoskins's; Mrs. Hogg took one home and the rest were left there: Mrs. Hoskins is Hussey's sister.
- Basnet. I searched the lodgings of Mrs. Hoskins in Long-lane; the two prisoners were there; I found two sugar loaves, one whole, the other broke; they were hid in a petticoat; the petticoat lay on the ground.
Hussey's Defence.
I know nothing of it; the boy is a bad boy; he had been away a week, and threatened to be revenged on us because we talked to him for his good.
Hogg's Defence.
Mrs. Hoskins is a lapidary; my husband is a jeweller: I went to ask for a blanket of mine they had in pawn; I knew nothing of it till next morning, when she came and said she was undone; that the boy had brought these things into the room and she was taken up for it.
Prosecutor. The paper was found in Mrs. Hogg's room.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
