





575. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JANE
                      the 
                     wife
 of 
                        
                           WILLIAM
                            BLUNT
                        







               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver seal, value 6 d. one worsted purse, value 1 d. three guineas, one half guinea, and 3 s. 6 d. in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Henry
                         Garnes
                     



                  , privately from his person
            , July 15. +


                     Henry
                      Garnes
                  




               
            . I am a Chelsea pensioner
: the prisoner picked me up, coming from Chelsea, on the 15th of July, about nine o'clock at night; we went into a publick house to drink together; we had two pints of beer there; then we went to another public house, and had three sixpennyworths of rum and water, and then we parted; I missed my purse about ten minutes after she left me; there was in it, three guineas, a half guinea, a half crown, and some more silver. I found the prisoner afterwards at the Compasses, at Chelsea, and she had my seal on her; it is not here; Mr. Relly has it home; I saw it when it was found upon her, and can swear it is my property.


                  Elizabeth
                   Robinson
               



            , 
               
                  Terence
                   Relly
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Field
               



            , deposed to the finding the prosecutor's seal on the prisoner.
The prisoner, in her defence, said, the prosecutor gave her the seal.
She called 
               
                  Gabrael
                   Stanton
               



            , who had known her ten years, and who gave her a good character.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
