





606. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William
                      Howlet
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing three gold watch chains, value 20 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Ricket
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Philip
                      Rundle
                  



               
            .
A 2 d Count charges them as the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Freshwater
                  



               
            , July 22
. ~


                  William
                   Freshwater
               



            . I am the proprietor of the Lynn machine
, I have known the prisoner some time. On the 18th of July I had a small paper box brought to me directed to 
               
                  Henry
                   Partridge
               



            , Esq; at Lynn in Norfolk, to go by my coach. The coach went out on Friday the 19th of July, about six in the morning.
Q. Are you sure it was in your coach?
Freshwater. I don't know; I did not load the machine; I received a shilling for it, and put it into the warehouse.
Q. That shilling was paid for the carriage?
Freshwater. Yes.
Q. Don't you book all these things?
Freshwater. Yes; we have the book here.
Q. Was it lost out of the warehouse or the machine?
Freshwater. I don't know; I left it in the warehouse; I never saw it any more; I put it in the warehouse about six or seven o'clock the evening, or somewhere there about: have never seen them since. I had not him for three months, before he was in custody: he has lived with another proprietor of the machine, Mr. Hose.


                  Philip
                   Rundle
               



            . I am partner with Mr. Ricket, jeweller

, on Ludgate-Hill. I had an order from Mr. Partridge's son, to send three or four gold chains, for a lady's watch, to 
               
                  Henry
                   Partridge
               



            , Esq; at Lynn, in Norfolk: accordingly I packed up three; I took these chains, and the marks of them, that is their weight, and sent them in a box by my porter to the Green Dragon, in Bishopsgate-street, to go by the Lynn coach. There was an advertisement in the paper, that the coach had been robbed. I went, as directed, to Sir 
               
                  Robert
                   Ladbroke
               



            ; there I saw two of the chains.
- Gwilt. I am a goldsmith, in Bishopsgate-street. On the twenty-second of July, the prisoner came to my house, and offered to sell a gold watch-chain; he did not offer it as gold: this is the chain (producing it. ) I asked him how he came by it; he said, he found it near Ware, in Hertfordshire, last Wednesday week: I asked him if he knew what it was; he said, Yes he had been informed by a silver-smith in Holborn, that the chain was gold, but the hook was not; and he said the silver-smith advised him to keep it a week, as it might be advertised in that times and now, Sir, says he, I am come to you to sell it: I recollected that Mr. Webster, a watch-maker, in Change-Alley, had lost a lady's gold-watch and chain: I sent to him; he came and said it was not his. I then told the prisoner I could not give him the chain again; if he would give me an account of himself, I would advertise it; he said his name was 
               
                  John
                   Clarke
               



            , and he lodged at the Mygpie and Punch-Bowl, Fenchurch-street; that he was a gentleman's servant, out of place.


                  Elizabeth
                   Hardy
               



            . I am daughter to Thomas Hardy, goldsmith, in the Minories. The prisoner came on Wednesday, July the 22d, about ten in the morning, and offered this chain to sell; he asked three or four guineas for it; I stop; he said he had it valued by a jeweller; he said he found it at Ware: I told him I was not a judge of it, but if he would come in the afternoon, I would shew it my father; he called in the afternoon about three o'clock; I shewed it my father; he thought it was stolen: we got a constable, and when he came again he was taken into custody; he insisted then that he found the chain: he was taken before Sir 
               
                  Robert
                   Ladbroke
               



            ; he said the same there.
Q. to Rundle. What is the value of one of these chains?
Hardy. That is marked eight guineas and an half.


                  Thomas
                   Bull
               



            . I am a constable; I had the charge of the prisoner; the prisoner said it was true he did not come honestly by it; that he had it out of the Lynn coach, at 
               
                  Barton
                   Mills
               



            , where the coach puts up, at eleven at night; he said the box was directed to Mr. Partridge, late recorder of Lynn, in Norfolk: he said he knew Mr. Partridge, that was late recorder of Lynn.


                  William
                   Slater
               



            . I put the parcel in the seat of the coach, next the horses.


                  William
                   Bever
               



            . I am servant to Messrs. Packet and Rundel; I carried the box to the coach; and delivered it to Mr. Freshwater.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went out of London on the 17th of July to go to Lynn; when I came within a mile of Newmarket I picked up this box; it was dirty, I could not see the direction at that time; I untied it; I saw there were three chains, I did not know whether gold or metal; I returned to London, for I thought they might be advertized; I found it about thirty yards out of the road; I found they were not advertized: I went to a silver smith: he told me the chain was gold, but the hook was not, and he gave me two guineas for one.
The driver of the coach. I went to the prisoner after he was in custody, he said, he had brought this chain to a man at Aldgate: he knew the place, but not the man's name, he went with me and Mr. Kirby to the place, and there the chain was found, (this is it, producing it,) the servant that lost it is here.
Prosecutor. This is one of my chains.


                  William
                   Been
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Rutherdun at Aldgate; on the 22d of July the prisoner offered me this gold chain; he said he found it at Newmarket; I told him I did not like to have any thing to do with it; he said he had looked over the papers for two or three weeks past and it had not been advertised: I did not chuse to buy it, then he asked me to lend him some money on it: so I lent him two guineas on it.
"The prisoner called Mr. Freshwater, who had known him fourteen months; and 
               
                  George
                   Pillow
               



             knew him two years and a half ago, but knew nothing of him since; who both gave him a good character."



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
