





142. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      RICHARDS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing thirteen guineas and a half, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Freake
                     



                  , privately from his person
            , Nov. 7. *


                     Thomas
                      Freake
                  




               
            . I am a grocer
, and live at New Stairs. I was at the Yorkshire Grey, Bond's Stables, on Saturday the 7th of November, in company with some friends; at half after one I got into a coach to go home, the coachman stopped about three yards on the other side of the May-pole; I was asleep being very much in liquor; I was waked by the coachman, who is the prisoner, who was in the coach; I said what do you do here; he said he made bold to come into the coach to wake me, to know which way to drive; I told him to drive down old Gravel-lane


; he drove me within two door's of my own house; the watchman knocked at my door; the coachmen was than going away without his fare; the watchman in good nature brought him back for his fare; he came in and asked me 6 s. I told him I thought it was too much; he then agreed to take 5 s. I felt in my pocket and missed my money from both my breeches pockets; I said d - n you, you rascal, you have robbed me; he said, Sir, you forget, you picked up a woman in St. Paul's Church-yard, and bid me set her down at the May-pole; I was inflamed with passion; I knocked him down with my fist; I charged the watch with him, and he confessed he stole the money out of my pocket, when I was asleep: we searched the coach and found five guineas and a half in the boot; he said when I waked he was in a flurry and might drop some of it.
- Hayes, the watchman, confirmed the prosecutor's evidence, of what passed when the coach arrived at his own house.
- Townsend deposed that he heard the prisoner confess stealing the prosecutor's money.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
