





406. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      SHARPLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Westwood
                     



                  , on the 25th of May, about the hour of seven in the evening, (no person being therein,) and stealing a Cloth Coat, value ten shillings and six-pence and a Cloth Waistcoat, value two shillings and six-pence, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Westwood
                     



                   in the dwelling house of the said Thomas
             ||


                     Thomas
                      Westwood
                  




               
            . I am a Smith
 in Catherine Wheele-alley


; on Thursday the 25th of May
, about seven in the evening, when I was at work in my shop, a little way off my son, came to me, and asked if I had sent any body for my Cloaths; I told him I had not then said he, our house must have been broke open; upon which I ran home and so it was, when I came into the house I found this Gimblet (producing it) which fastened down the sash of the lower room window on the floor, and the window shut down; when I went out, I fastened down the window and left nobody in the house, I have a wife and four children but all were out; I went up stairs, I found my trunk had been broke open, the lock was wrenched off and this poker. (producing it) bent lay by it; I left a coat and waistcoat in the trunk when I went out, they were missing. When I took the prisoner, he told me where the cloaths were in pawn my little boy directed me to the prisoner; he said he went to school with him in wentworth street, I took him at a lodging house. When I took him he said; don't take me to the Cage and I will tell you where I have pawned them; which was in Brick Lane, I went there and found them.


                  Samuel
                   Westwood
               



            ; the son, confirmed his father's evidence.


                  John
                   Grant
               



            , I am a pawn-broker, about eight o'clock on the 25th of May, this waistcoat (producing it) was brought to my house, I believe by the prisoner, but am not sure for I never saw him before nor since.
Prosecutor. It is my waistcoat.
The prisoner in his defence called two witnesses who gave him a very good character.




               Not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house but guilty of stealing the goods
            . 


               T
            

