





445. (1st. M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      CROW
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four pieces of printed linen handkerchiefs, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Titus
                            Sutcilf
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            , May 2d
. +


                  Elizabeth
                   Sutcilf
               



            . My husband is a worsted-maker and hosier
, at No. 40, Lower-East-Smithfield


; we had an order for some handkerchiefs to sell at Gravesend (we don't commonly deal in handkerchiefs;) on Saturday the 2d of May, between nine and ten at night, I went over the way to Mr. Wells; while I was there I saw the prisoner and a lad looking over the window; then I saw them go into the shop; Mr. Wells said they are two thieves I dare say; he went over and met the prisoner coming out of the door with something in his hands and apron shuffled up; he cried out, thieves! I followed him, and cried, stop thieves! at last the prisoner threw the things down; I turned about, picked them up, and carried them to my own house. I found they were the same things that lay on the counter (the goods produced and deposed to.) 
               
                  Thomas
                   Wells
               



             confirmed this evidence.
- Winter. I saw the prisoner run down the street. I would have knocked him down but could not; there was some vacant ground, he made up there, and we found him underneath a brewer's carravan.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went up the yard to ease myself,
He called four witnesses to his character, who know him formerly; they deposed that he bore a good character then, but none of them knew him within the last three-years.




               Guilty. 4 s. 10 d.
            



               T
            .
