





296. (M.) 
               
                  MARGARET, the wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         ADAMSON
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver bread basket, value 10 l. three silver waiters, value 25 l. nineteen silver table spoons, value 7 l. two silver boats, value 8 l. a silver soup ladle, value 20 s. four muslin sacks, value 4 l. four muslin petticoats value 4 l. a linen corded muslin gown, value 20 s. a sattin sack, value 3 l. a sattin petticoat, value 20 s. a callimanco quilted petticoat, value 10 s. five cotton handkerchiefs, value 10 s. two gingam waistcoats, value 6 s. a linen shift, value 5 s. nine linen table cloths, value 10 l. seven linen sheets, value 10 s. fourteen linen pillowbiers, value 30 s. eighteen yards and a half of silk, value 4 l. forty-two yards of linen cloth, value 3 l. 15 s. and one woollen coat embroidered with silver, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel
                      De Castro
                  




               
            , Mar. 26th
. +


                  Daniel
                   De Castro
               



            . I live in Goodman's-fields


.
Q. What is your occupation?
Castro. I am a gentleman
; the prisoner was my servant
; on Wednesday the 23d of March she had warning from her mistress, my wife; on Friday the first of April Mr. Davidson a pawnbroker, now in court, came and informed me that the prisoner and a man servant of mine had pawned a quantity of goods with Mr. Windsor a pawnbroker, in the name of Adamson, the name of the prisoner; I went to Mr. Windsor and saw my plate with my cypher on it, and much of my wearing apparel with my mark on it.

Q. Had you missed any thing out of your house before you received this information?
Castro. I had not missed any thing; she had been pawning these things nineteen months; she had lived with me twenty months.
Q. Is Windsor here?
Castro. No, he is charged with receiving the goods knowing them to have been stolen; he delivered me the goods; they are my property; they are here now. (Reads a paper, on which he had taken an account of the goods at the pawnbrokers; which account was exactly the same as in the indictment). These goods were not all at Mr. Windsor's; the greatest part of them were; there was some part of them at Mr. Bunn's, some at Mr. Hop's, and some at Mr. Watson's; all I found at Walson's were pawned in the name of Scott; I have now some duplicates I found in the prisoner's trunk; after I had seen the goods at the pawnbrokers I returned home; when I had been at home an hour or two, I received a letter from my man servant, 
               
                  Isaac
                   Flawn
               



            , by his mother, confessing the robbery, that he was an accomplice with the prisoner and it was done at her instigation; he is an evidence; I went and got a warrant for the woman; when the prisoner surrendered herself to me. I promised her if she would speak the truth and nothing but the truth, and be as useful to me in getting my things again as she could, I would be as favourable to her as the law would permit me; she went with me to all the pawnbrokers but one, and asked for the things.


                  William
                   Tyger
               



            . I live with Mr. Bunn, pawnbroker; on the 26th of March the prisoner brought to our house three table cloths, two sauce boats, and two table spoons; I lent her seven pound upon them; she pawned them in the name of 
               
                  Margaret
                   Adamson
               



            . (They are produced and deposed to by the prosecutor).


                  Sarah
                   De Castro
               



            , the wife of the prosecutor, deposed to the table cloths.
- Cummings. I am servant to Mr. Hop, pawnbroker; on the 29th of March, the prisoner pawned a piece of silk and five table spoons at our house; I lent four pound ten shillings on them. (They are produced and deposed to by the prosecutor).
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.
For the prisoner.


                  Richard
                   King
               



            . I have known the prisoner ten years; she always bore a good-character.


                  Sarah
                   Moore
               



            . I keep a house in Hatton-garden; I have known the prisoner eleven years; I never heard a bad character of her; I have entrusted her in my house.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
