





304. (L.) 
               
                  HANNAH, the wife
 of 
                     
                        John
                         MESSITER
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing a piece of black silk, containing sixty-three yards, value 15 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Shrigley
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            . February 10
. ++


                  William
                   Shrigley
               



            . I live in Bishopsgate street without. I keep a mercer's shop
; the prisoner came to my shop on the 10th instant, about twelve o'clock. I was busy. She pretended she came from a lady; she wanted bumbazines, crapes, and other things, to be sent to Whitegate alley. I thing she said her mistress's name was Reeves. My man shewed her a petticoat; she agreed to give 19 s. for it. She wanted an ordinary crape. I looked it for her. She said she was going a little further and could not conveniently stay, but would call in half an hour: her countenance changing, I suspected she had taken something. When she went out, I sent my man to watch her: he went out, and instead of going after her, there was another woman he went after her, and so lost the prisoner. In about five minutes after, the weaver, whom I bought the silk of, came to me: I asked him if he would not take something off the silk, for it was very dear. I was going to show it him, and missed it. I suspected the woman had taken it, and sent the cryer to crye it; which had no effect. The next day I advertised it, and Mr. Coney, the pawnbroker in Holborn, brought me eight yards of it. He left the silk with me, and gave me instructions to go to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's to get a list of the brokers; the person not easily getting a list went about to the brokers, and found three more pieces; his name is 
               
                  Samuel
                   Shrigley
               



            . Mr. Berry, as he found the silk was stole, said he believed he knew the woman; and the first time he saw her, he would take her. She was taken on Saturday and brought to me. When she was brought into my shop, she begged for mercy, and told me how she took it.
Prisoner. He promised to forgive me.
Shirgley. I promised her nothing; she said she designed to send me 4 s. a week by a private hand; that she had a nurse child at 16 s. a month which I was to have; she confessed where the remainder of the silk was that I had not found; one quantity was at Mrs. Pains, in Golden-lane, the other quantity was at a pawnbroker's in Jewin street; the other she said was at London-wall; but that I have not found, the other two I found.
Q. How many yards do the parcels that you received, measure?
Prosecutor. Three of the pieces are eight yards each, and the fourth is about fifteen yards. ( Produced and deposed to.)
Q. How many yards did the piece contain?
Prosecutor. It was charged sixty-three yards and a half in the bill, I had not measured it.


                  William
                   Coney
               



            . I am a pawnbroker and live at the corner of Leather-lane Holborn. On the 11th of this month, the prisoner pledged eight yards of black silk at my house, I lent her a guinea on it; after that I saw an advertisement of sixty-three yards of black silk with a blue thread run through the selvidge; on looking at it by candle-light, I saw the thread. I went to the prosecutor, and asked him to describe the nature of the thread; he did; and I told him I thought I had got eight yards of it. (The eight yards produced, and deposed to).


                  John
                   Morgan
               



            . I live with Mr. Berry, in Aldersgate-street; he is a pawn-broker. I took in these eight yards of silk, ( producing them) of the prisoner the 10th of this month; I lent 18 s. on them.
Q. Has that the blue in the selvidge?
Morgan. Yes, the same as the other; it has never been out of my possession. I never saw such a one before.


                  John
                   Badams
               



            . I am a weaver. I can make oath this work was made at our house. My master, Mr. Ravenall, said, he sold it to a mercer in Bishopsgate-street.
Q. You have made many such selvidges, I suppose?
Badams. Perhaps I may.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all of it. I was at the shop in the day I looked at some crape; he asked an extortionate price. I had no body with me. I wanted to look at some common crape, but he was very busy, so I said I would call again. I looked at a petticoat, I agreed for it, and designed to have it. He went to the door; he asked me where I lived, I said, in Whitegate-alley. I went out of the shop. I had no cloak on. I went to go to a grandfather's in Half-moon-alley, to see how he did; I met a woman that asked me if I knew where there was a pawnbroker's; that she was in great distress, and desired I would shew her one. I went with her, when she pawned the silk; I took the money, and gave it to her. I went to different pawnbrokers. I had no cloak on. It is impossible that I should conceal thirty-six yards of silk.
Prosecutor. She confessed that she took it. She had a little black cloak on. She said she took it under her apron, and as she went out she trod upon it, and she wondered neither of us saw her.
Q. Did you make her any promise if she would confess?
Prosecutor. No, none.
Q. Did you observe any dirt upon any part of what you received?
Prosecutor. No.
Q. Was it rolled upon any thing?
Prosecutor. Yes, upon a small roll.
She called 
               
                  Sarah
                   Hopkins
               



            , who had known her six years; 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Jones
               



            , fifteen years; 
               
                  Sarah
                   Pritchard
               



            , seven years; 
               
                  George
                   Archer
               



             six years; 
               
                  David
                   Strong
               



            , five years; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Luxford
               



            , six years; 
               
                  Sarah
                   Hopkins
               



             and 
               
                  Jacob
                   Lennard
               



            , who all gave her a good character.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


