





259. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      DAWSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two plain gold rings, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Rapley
                  




               
            , April 12th
. +


                  Charles
                   Rapley
               



            . I am a jeweller
 in St. Martin's-court, St. Martin's-lane


. On Tuesday the 12th of April, between five and six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into my shop and asked for some plain wedding rings; he tried several; and then he asked for a thicker sort; I told him I could make him one that evening; he said he would come again in about four hours time; I thought it an odd time; I asked him for his address, he said his name was Johnson, and he was to be found at the Bull and Gate, Holborn; as I was writing it, I looked into the box and missed a ring, and saw a metal ring among them; he went away, I called my wife in the shop, counted the rings and missed two; I pursued him and bid him give me the two rings, and take his own, and go about his business like a scoundrel as he was; I told him not to hesitate for I knew he had them; he told me not to make a noise and he would go back with me, but that he had not the rings, he had given them to a companion; I saw a man while he was in the shop looking at the show glass on the outside, who I missed when the prisoner went away; when I brought him back he begged for mercy, and desired I would not send for a constable; he wanted to go into the back room; he went to the end of the compter where there was a show glass, and then I suppose put one of the rings under it, which I found there the next morning; I sent for a constable and took him into custody, he was searched and nothing found upon him but a farthing.


                  Jeremiah
                   Rapley
               



            , the father of the last witness, confirmed his evidence.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to look at a ring for another person; I was to carry back the price and go again; I never meddled with the rings.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
