





271. (Ist. M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Hardy
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one large table spoon, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Dimes
                  




               
            , Feb. 22
. *


                  William
                   Dimes
               



            . I live in Long-acre; I am a coach-maker
. On the twenty-second of February, a woman told me the dust people had been there to take away the dust, and the maid had missed a silver spoon out of the fore kitchen. I went to the fore shop, and there the maid was accusing the prisoner of having taken the spoon.
Q. What is her name?
Dimes. 
               
                  Ann
                   Frogley
               



            . The prisoner and the woman were protesting their innocency: I saw two other dust men in the shop; I asked them if they knew any thing of a spoon; they said if there had been any thing taken out of the kitchen, it must be by that man. While I was talking to them, a woman that was supposed to be concerned, called one of my apprentices away to a passage, and shewed him the spoon behind a door; so I took the prisoner and the woman before Justice Sherwood. The prisoner confessed to his taking the spoon, and hiding it in that place; he said that he took the spoon out of the kitchen, and hid it behind the door; and said it was because he was in liquor.
Q. When your apprentice found the spoon in the passage, what became of it?
Dimes. He took it to the justice: I cannot swear to it; my wife can.
Q. Is that the spoon that was behind the door?
Dimes. I make no doubt of it; I cannot swear to it.


                  Elizabeth
                   Dimes
               



            . I can swear to that spoon; it is my husband's property.
Q. Do you remember the time it was lost?
Dimes. Yes; the twenty-second of February: it was on the dresser.
Q. Was you there when the spoon was found?
Dimes. Yes.
Q. Is that the same?
Dimes. Yes, that is the same spoon: it has been in their possession.
Q. You was not at the justices to hear what they said?
Dimes. No.


                  Ann
                   Frogley
               



            . That is my master's spoon.
Q. Did you see the prisoner in the kitchen?
Frogley. He went down to light a candle; I saw him coming up. I was in the kitchen about a quarter of an hour before that; I saw the spoon then: I left it on the dresser; and, as soon as I went, I missed it. I went to my master, and said I missed the spoon, and then went and took hold of the prisoner. He said, before the justice, that he was in the kitchen, and took the spoon.


                  John
                   Field
               



            . I came out of the shop when she was taxing the man; the woman took me into the passage, and I saw the spoon behind the door?
Q. Did that passage lead down to the kitchen?
Field. This is a passage two or three doors off; it is a passage next door but one to the house, in another house.
Q. But the prisoner was not out of the house when you seized him; was he?
Field. The spoon was found in the house of one Tiggin, a baker.
Q. Did any of your people see the prisoner go into that house?
Field. No; it was a woman that follows the cart?
Q. Was you before the justice?
Field. Yes.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner say any thing?
Field. Yes; he said he took the spoon out of the kitchen.
Prisoner's Defence.
Not guilty, my lord; indeed, Sir, I did not steal the spoon.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
