





236. (1st M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Crow
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one wicker basket, value 6 d. ten linen shirts, value 30 s. six printed-linen gowns, value 6 s. six linen aprons, value 6 s. eight linen pillow biers, value 4 s. and one linen night cap, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth
                            Dunbar
                        




                     
                  , widow
, in her dwelling house
            , April 4
. +


                  Elizabeth
                   Dunbar
               



            . I am a washerwoman
. I live in Red-lion Court, Charter-lane


. Last Thursday evening, between six and seven o'clock, I had brought up the goods mentioned in the indictment, into my own room; I turned the key of the door. I went down, afterwards, into the cellar. I heard the cry of Stop thief! Mrs. Dunbar's clothes! I came up stairs, and saw them stop the prisoner. I saw the goods in a basket in the passage.


                  Sarah
                   Bannistock
               



            . I was going over to Mrs. Dunbar's, between six and seven o'clock in the evening; I met the prisoner, and another man, with the basket; one had one handle, the other the other handle; the basket had wet linen in it; they were coming out of Mrs. Dunbar's doors. I looked up in the prisoner's face, and said, What do you do with them clothes? He made no answer. I called out, and collared him. The prisoner was just out at the door. I gave a stroke at the basket, and it dropped. The other dragged me two yards: I hollowed out, Stop thief! The other ran away. My husband came down, and asked me where the clothes were. The prisoner ran up the court, and then stripped himself. I am sure he is the man. My husband and Mr. Winder went up the court; the prisoner was coming back again. I said, That is the man. They laid hold of him. The court is not a thoroughfare.


                  William
                   Winder
               



            . My wife cried out, Stop thief. I ran up the court. I saw him in his shirt, without a hat; his blue jacket lay upon the ground near the wall, and his hat lay at a door: I took him there: I brought him up the court. Mrs. Bevistock said she was sure he was the man. There was no other man in the court. I had hold of his left arm when Mrs. Bevistock spoke to her husband to take care of him.
Prisoner's Defence.
They asked me if I was the person; I said' No. Then the woman said she saw me have the basket.




               Guilty, 39 s.
            



               T
            .
