





209. (M.) 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN
                      HAINSWORTH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           James
                            Harrison
                        




                     
                  , on the first of February
, about the hour of twelve in the night, and stealing twenty-nine pounds weight of hemp, value five shillings, the property of the said James, in his dwelling house
            ,


                  James
                   Harrison
               



            . I am a rope maker
, and I live at Stepney


. My work-shop, which adjoins to my house, was broke open on the first of February between the hours of seven and twelve in the night: there is a communication between the house and the shop. My apprentice called me up between six and seven in the morning, and I found the window had been wrenched open: my man was last in the shop the night before, and my apprentice was first in the shop in the morning; they are neither of them here. The window had no great fastening, it was easily wrenched open. Crouch the constable, came to me about two in the afternoon, and brought a part of the hemp. He said, he had stopped a quantity of it on one Profit. The next day the prisoner's brother came to me, and told me, he understood I had been robbed, that he had taken care of the hemp, and I should have it if I would send for it. I sent my man, and he brought seventeen pounds.


                  Richard
                   Stanging
               



             deposed, that the hemp was the property of the prosecutor.


                  James
                   Crouch
               



            . I am a constable. I met Profit late at night on the 1st of February with twelve pounds of hemp. I suspected him, and stopped him. He said, the prisoner had left it with him. In the morning, I enquired among the trade till I found the owner of it.


                  Edward
                   Profit
               



            . On the first of February I left work at ten o'clock. I went to the Spread Eagle in White Cross Street, and had a pint of beer: the prisoner was there, sitting on the twelve pounds of hemp, I knew him; he was quarreling with a woman who wanted to leave his company and go with a barge-man; she went out, and he ran after her, and desired me to take care of the hemp till he came back. He never returned; so I thought I would not take it home, but lodge it in the watch-house. Crouch met me and took it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the hemp in White Chapel.




               Not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house, but guilty of stealing the goods, to the value of five shillings
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


