





649. 
               
                  
                     JANE
                      HENDERSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing ten shillings and ten-pence farthing in money
            , numbered, the property of 
               
                  
                     Luke
                      Bannister
                  




               
            , August 21st
. +


                  Luke
                   Bannister
               



            . On last Saturday was five weeks, as I was coming from the pay-table, I met a young man who had worked with me; we went into a publick house for a pint of beer; the prisoner came in and sat herself down by me; when the beer came I took out eleven shillings, I changed a shilling of it to pay for the beer; I put both the silver and half-pence into my right hand pocket; she had not sat long before she put her hand into my pocket; I bid her keep her hand out of my pocket; it was then between eleven and twelve at night, and the landlord was turning the people out of the house; in their going out they knocked down the candles. I went to the door, and putting my hand into my pocket, I missed all my money. The prisoner was gone; I went to the bar to enquire after her; they told me, her name was 
               
                  Jane
                   Henderson
               



            . The next morning I went to this house with my landlord, and found the prisoner there drinking with some other women; we brought her out of the house; she said, she had not the money, and she knew how to fling such a one as me; she wished there had been as much more in my pocket, and she would have had it all: and she further said, if I came the Saturday following, she would be sure to serve me so again.


                  John
                   Atkins
               



            . The prosecutor lodged at my house; he told me on Sunday morning that his pocket had been picked of his money the night before, at the Turk's Head: we went there and took the prisoner; while we were taking her out of the house, she told him to come on the Saturday night following, and if he had ever so much she would serve him so again. The Turk's Head in Dyot-Street is a very bad house; if I had not been an officer and a neighbour, it would have been impossible to have got her out.
Prisoner's Defence.
They took me to St. Giles's round-house, and searched me from top to bottom, and did not find a farthing on me. The prosecutor said, as he was going to the round-house, he could not say whether I was the woman or not. I never saw the man till the Sunday he took me. I am as innocent as the baby unborn.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


