





516. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Price
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for stealing a quarto Bible, value 14 s. a book intitled, The New Whole Duty of Man, value 3 s. a book intitled, A View of Popery, value 2 s. a book intitled, Hervey's Letters, in two vols. value 5 s. a book of Anthems, value 3 s. one book intitled, Select Fables of AEsop, value 3 s. one book intitled, A New Manual of Devotion, value 2 s. and one paper book ruled and bound in vellum, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Rivington
                  




               
            , Feb. 19
. ++
Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Rivington
               



            , who is a bookseller
 in St. Paul's church-yard


, deposed, that the prisoner had been a servant
 of his, but left him in February; that the latter end of July, the gentleman he then lived with informed him that they suspected the prisoner had robbed him; that he accordingly went to the prisoner, who was then in the Compter for robbing his master, who after a great deal of hesitation gave him the key of his box; and that he found the books mentioned in the indictment in his box, which he produced and deposed to; that he took the books to the prisoner at the Compter, where he confessed that they were the prosecutor's property. 
               
                  Edward
                   Chapman
               



             deposed, that he was at the Poultry Compter, and he confirmed Mr. Rivington's account of what passed there. Mr. Noble deposed, that in searching his boxes, they observed some new books, and as they knew he had lived with Mr. Rivington, they suspected them to have been stolen from him; and in consequence of that suspicion they acquainted him with it.
The prisoner in his defence said, that the confession was obtained from him by the prosecutor's promising him, that if he did confess he would not prosecute him.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


