





337. (M.) 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      JONES
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silk cloak, value 6 s. a serge jacket, value 3 s. a wollen surtout coat, value 2 s. a pair of linen trowsers, value 1 s. 6 d. and a camblet gown, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George
                      Trooper
                  




               
            , Jan. 21st
. ++


                  Elizabeth
                   Trooper
               



            . My husband is a printer
: he lives in East Smithfield; I carry on the business of a pawnbroker. On the 31st of January, about six in the evening, the prisoner came into my shop to ask for a shift, and asked for it 2 s having been pledged, in a name, which upon looking into the books, I found not there; I bid the prisoner at last fetch the person that pledged it, for I had no such a thing in that name; she was in and out two or three times in the whole in about a quarter of an hour; she went away and in about ten minutes after, before any person came into the shop, I missed a cloak, which hung by a string in the reach of one of the little boxes; the prisoner came to me afterwards and asked me if I had been robbed; I said, yes; then she said I had; she said I had been robbed of the jacket, cloak and trowsers; I had not missed them then. She said she could tell me who had stole these things, and mentioned one Garacker; she went out and said she would fetch her, but did not; the woman was brought there by somebody else, and the prisoner was not to be found to make good her charge against her; on the contrary, she charged the prisoner, and by her directions I found the cloak at one Orlington's, and a jacket at one Wynne's.
- Wynne. I think it was about two or three days at most after the prosecutor lost her things, about the 21st of January, that the prisoner, and this Garacker, came to my shop in Ratcliffe-highway, and brought a jacket and a pair of trowsers; I agreed with the prisoner for the price; she appeared to act as an owner, and disposed of them, and I think the money was paid to her; I bought both, but the trowsers have since been sold. (The jacket produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)


                  Elizabeth
                   Orlington
               



             produced a cloak which she said was sold to her by another person.


                  Elizabeth
                   Orton
               



            . The prisoner is the person that brought the cloak to me; she offered to sell it; I said I did not want one, but Orlington did; I carried her to her bed side; they agreed for 6 s. the prisoner then said she had bought a lot of goods of a pawnbroker.
For the prisoner.
- Roberts. Garacker came in and asked Jones for 4 s. to take them out of pawn, the prisoner had but 3 s. she raised another shilling by pawning a shift; Garacker went and got them out, and brought them to Jones's lodgings; they were pinned up separately as if they came from a pawnbroker's; they were unpinned and looked at, and there was nothing but a waistcoat, a kind of a jacket, and cloak; then she went away and bid 
               
                  Jones
               


             a good night; I understood they were going out to sell these things; it could not be more than a fortnight ago; it was on a Tuesday, about four in the afternoon.




               Guilty 4 s.
            



               T
            .
