





687. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      ANDREWS
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph
                            Hiscox
                        




                     
                  , Esq
; on the 30th of July
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing two blue silk damask window curtains, value 4 l. two blue-and-white stuff-bags, value 4 s. three crimson silk-and-worsted damask window-curtains, value 40 s. one pair of Holland sheets, value  . two cloth waistcoats, value 20 s. one pair of cloth breeches, value 5 s. four pair of black silk stockings, value 15 s. one rose-wood German flute, value 10 s. and a silver seal, with an ivory handle, value 1 s. the property of the said Joseph in his dwelling-house
            .
Mr. 
               
                  Joseph
                   Hiscox
               



            . I live in Thrift-street, Soho


; I went out of town the latter-end of June; I returned the 6th of August; the back-parlour, in which I had a scrutore, was broke open; some violence had been used to break the lock: the door, at the side of the lock, was cut away; the door stood [what the workmen call] on a bevel; I do not recollect any mark of violence upon the lock; I am sure it was locked when I went away. The table was turned bottom upwards and broke, and the contents were gone, and I missed the things mentioned in the indicment. (Repeating them.)

Mrs. 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Hiscox
               



             deposed that a blue damask gown, which was produced by Joseph Fleming, was made out of her blue silk damask window curtains; she pointed out several marks of the damask, by which she know it.


                  Joseph
                   Fleming
               



             deposed that the prisoner offered to pawn with him the gown he had produced; that having seen an advertisement of the goods stolen from Mr. Hiscox, he suspected her, and stopped her.


                  Samuel
                   Jones
               



            , the upholder who made up the curtains, deposed to the gown's being made out of the curtains.
The prisoner, in her defence, said she had the gown nine years. She called no witnesses.




               Guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
