





331. (L. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     Dorothy
                      Baker
                  



               
            , widow, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Delling
                  




               
            , March 17
. *


                  John
                   Delling
               



            . I am a carpenter
. On the 17th of March I was drinking with a young man, at the Peacock on Addle Hill


. He went away; I called for a fresh pint. I looked at my watch at eleven o'clock, and staid about a quarter of an hour after. There was a woman drank with me. I pushed her away. She wanted to take my handkerchief; I strove to get it from her, and a man came and struck me. I got it, and tyed it about my neck. After that I missed my watch; I charged her with it, and wanted to search her. They said, I should not see her searched; it was not decent. Then Mr. Quick, the landlord, said he would search her. He came out, and said he had searched her naked, and could not find it. Then they said, I had no watch, and called me a good-for-nothing fellow. Then the landlord said, I had dropped it in the necessary. I insisted upon all being searched; but they would not stand search. I went to look in the necessary; when I returned, the landlord said, it was safe enough. I went home and enquired after it, on the Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Then I went to the sign of the Sun on that same hill, for a pennyworth of purl; the landlady there said, I should find it out by-and-by. The next day I was sent for, and told, a person pretended to have found it. He directed me to a pawnbroker where the prisoner had pawned it. I went to the pawnbroker and asked for it; he told me, I should not see it. I got a warrant, and took the prisoner up, and had her there; then my watch was produced. I know she was at the alehouse that night.


                  Sam.
                   Rowland
               



            . I was waiter at the house. On the 17th of March I know the prisoner was there. I know the prosecutor had his watch that night at eleven o'clock; and the prisoner was standing at the next box to where he was. It was one 
               
                  Bet.
                   Fennel
               



             that took the handkerchief from him.


                  John
                   Bannister
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Simonds, a pawnbroker, in Knight-rider-street, Doctors-Commons. The prisoner pawned this watch with me for half a guinea, on a Saturday night, and on the Monday following she came and had half a guinea more. She came after that, and wanted more; we would not let her have more: The prosecutor came on the Tuesday following, and enquired after it; we did not shew him it, because he said, it was not stole; but when he brought the warrant, we produced it. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the watch upon the Hill. I was not in the house the time it was lost.
For the Prisoner.


                  Robert
                   Roberts
               



            . The prisoner lives upon Addle-Hill; she fists cinders, and buys old rags
. I was in the public house at the time; I do not think the prisoner was there.
Q. Will you say she was not there?
Roberts. I will not.


                  Villers
                   Broome
               



            . I keep a shop in the Fleet-Market; I buy rags and old iron. I have dealt with her; I never found to the contrary but she was honest.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
