





47. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL
                      KENNEDY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver tissue coat, value 3 l. one silver tissue waistcoat, value 30 s. and one pair of silver tissue breeches, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Lester
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Goddard
                     



, Nov. 20
. ++


                  Wm.
                   Lester
               



            . I am a taylor
. I had a bulk in Coventry-street, and a lodging at Mr. Goddard's, a pastry-cook's. Mr. Goddard informed me that my room was robbed. I went home, and found a bundle had been taken out of it. I found the prisoner in custody, charged with committing the robbery. I found the mark of a chissel on the door. I lost these things out of my room.


                  Thomas
                   Goddard
               



            . On the 20th of November, about half after five o'clock, I saw a man coming down stairs with a bundle under his right arm, and go out of the street door. I followed him over the way; I asked him what he had there? he said, cloaths. I asked him where he got them? he said, from Mr. Lester's room. I said, I did not think that Mr. Lester was at home: he said he would go along with me. We went into the passage of the room, and called out for Mr. Lester: there was no answer. Then the prisoner dropt the bundle, and rushed by me into the street. I pursued him, and called, Stop thief! The prisoner ran into one door of a public-house, and out at another. I took him as he came out at the door.


                  Elizabeth
                   Goddard
               



            . I heard my husband call out Lester three times, and then call Stop thief. I ran out, and found this bundle in the passage. (Producing it.)
Prosecutor. They are all my property; I bought them with intention to sell them again.
- Roberts. I apprehended the prisoner as he was coming out of the Queen's-Head.


                  Elizabeth
                   Leyton
               



            . I saw the prisoner coming out of Goddard's between five and six in the afternoon.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am entirely innocent; I never was at Goddard's house; I had no bundle; I was coming by, I heard the cry, Stop thief! I joined in the pursuit, and they laid hold of me instead of the right man.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
