





298. (L.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      FRANKLIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six pair of worsted stockings, value 12 s
            . the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Porter
                  




               
            , Jan. 26th
. ++


                  Edward
                   Porter
               



            . I am a hosier
; I saw the prisoner come into the shop and take the stockings, and put them under his coat slap; I was at dinner in a little parlour in the shop; the door was open so that I could see him; I pursued him, and took him by Aldgate Church with the goods upon him.


                  Thomas
                   Bull
               



            . I am a constable; I took the prisoner up; when he was committed he delivered the stockings to me. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  John
                   Williams
               



            . The prisoner run by me by Aldgate Church; the prosecutor followed him and took him; there were four pair of stockings sell from him; the prosecutor took two pair more from under his jacket.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming down the Minories; I saw some people running along Whitechapel; I went into the mob and saw some stockings lying in the mud; I picked them up and laid them over a post at the end of Houndsditch; as soon as I put them across the post the prosecutor came, and said if I cannot find the right person I will take you up on suspicion. I know no more of it than the child unborn; what they have sworn is as false as God is true.
Q. to Williams. Was the man running?
Williams. Yes, close by me; they were both running.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Could you be mistaken in the person of the man?
Porter. No; he was never out of my sight.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing?
Porter. He made no defence at all.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
