





54. (M.) 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      MISSITER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 50 s. two cloth coats, value 10 s. one cloth waistcoat, value 5 s. one pair of stocking breeches, value 2 s. three linen neckcloths, value 2 s. and two pair of worsted stocking, value 1 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard
                            Mahan
                        



                     
                  ; one black cloth coat, value 4 s. one linen waistcoat, value 2 s. one pair of stocking breeches, value 5 s. one linen shirt, value 1 s. and one pair of worsted stockings, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Eacob
                  



               
            , Nov. 12
. ++


                  James
                   Eacob
               



            . I am a journeyman smith
. I lodged in Rope-maker's-alley, Moorfields


. On the 5th of November, when I came from work in the evening, I found my door opened which I left locked when I went out, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, The watch hung on a nail in the window. The prisoner lodged in the one pair-of-stairs. I suspected the prisoner; he was taken up, and some of my things were found, about him; and some picklocks I found, and some more of my things that had been pawned.


                  John
                   Tooke
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Grub-street. I received this coat, waistcoat, and breeches (producing them) of the prisoner, which belonged to Eacob, and the coat which Mahan has on his back.


                  Samuel
                   Shipman
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in White-cross-street. I received this watch (producing it) of the prisoner on the 5th of November about nine in the evening. (produced a coat and breeches of Mahan's, pawned by the prisoner on the same day.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was coming home I met a man upon the stairs of this house; he asked me if I knew were there was a pawnbroker's, and desired me to pawn the things for him.
He called one witness to his character, who said he had nothing to say either for, or against, his character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
