






308, 309. (M.) 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      ETHERIDGE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE
                      BEARD
                  , otherwise 
BUTCHER




            , were indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 12 s. one pair of cloth breeches, value 5 s. one muslin neckcloth, value 1 s. one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 8 s. one pair of silver knee buckles, value 2 s. and one man's hat, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jacque
                      D'Aubigny
                  




               
            , May 6th
. *


                  Jacque
                   D'Aubigny
               



            . Between the 6th and 7th of this month, as I was going along the bottom of the Hay-market, three of these creatures picked me up, and took me along with them; it was about one o'clock. I remember Beard; I am not quite sure of the other because I was rather in liquor; I remember the evidence 
               
                  Rebecca
                   Wilson
               



            ; they took me to Peter's-street, Westminster


, to the house of one Mrs. Mitchel; I wanted to go to bed, and helped to undress me; then I believe soon after they went out of the room; I went to bed and soon fell asleep; the next morning I waked about five o'clock, and found my clothes were gone; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; I went down to Mrs. Mitchell's, and told them I was robbed, and asked for a pen and ink to write to my friends to send me some clothes; the man of the house lent me some clothes.
Q. When you waked in the morning the three women were not there?
D'Aubigny. No, they went out of the room as soon as I was in bed.
Q. Where do you live?
D'Aubigny. In Old Bond-street: I am cook
 to Lord Buckinghamshire.


                  Richard
                   Murthwaite
               



             produced the coat, breeches, hat, buckles, and neckcloth, which were deposed to by the prosecutor.
Murthwaite. They were brought to me on the 7th of May; the man said his name was 
               
                  John
                   Williams
               



            ; I lent him eight shillings upon them; he said they were his own property.


                  John
                   Jeyes
               



            . The hat was pledged with me on the 7th of May, by one 
               
                  George
                   Thorn
               



            ; I know nothing of the woman.


                  Thomas
                   Sanderson
               



            . I am a baker: I serve 
               
                  Mary
                   Manning
               



             (who keeps a chandler's shop in Dyot-street, St. Giles's) with bread; I bought a pair of silver shoe buckles in her shop of 
               
                  Rebecca
                   Wilson
               



            , and gave her 12 s. for them; the next day Mrs. Manning informed me that the girl I bought the buckles of was taken up for robbing a gentleman; I immediately took the buckles to Justice Welch's, in order to prosecute the person who stole them; I saw 
               
                  Rebecca
                   Wilson
               



             there. (The buckles produced and deposed to by the prosecutor).


                  George
                   Heeling
               



            . I took in the neckcloth of the prisoner Beard the 7th of May; I lent her nine-pence upon it.
Mrs. Mitchel. I live in Peter's-street, Westminster: my husband is a chimney sweeper; I let lodgings; Etheridge and Wilson took a room of me; I do not know Beard; I never saw her till I saw her before Justice Welch.
Q. Where is this room?
Mitchel. Up two pair of stairs backwards. On Friday morning at five o'clock that gentleman came to my door; my husband got up and went to the door, and the gentleman said he had been robbed up two pair of stairs; I got up directly, and went up stairs and saw him in bed, but there was no clothes to be found; he desired a pen and ink to write to his friends for some clothes; I lent him my husband's to go home in.
Q. Do you know any thing of 
               
                  George
                   Thorn
               



             or 
               
                  John
                   Williams
               



            ?
Mitchel. No; I never saw them bring any man in in my life; they lodged with me but a week.


                  Rebecca
                   Wilson
               



            . I know the prisoners; I have known Beard a fortnight; I have known Etheridge a great while; we lived together a week at Mrs. Mitchel's. Four of us together, at the bottom of the Hay-market, met this gentleman; I and Beard took hold of him, and brought him home with us.
Q. He came very willingly with you I suppose?
Wilson. Yes; Beard undressed him and put the neckcloth in her bosom; Etheridge and 
               
                  Hannah
                   Jackson
               



             stood on the outside of the door; when we had undressed him, Etheridge and Jackson took the coat and breeches; I took the hat and buckles, and we went immediately to the King's Head in Monmouth-street, and had some purl; then we went to the Two Brewers and had some more purl; 
               
                  Sarah
                   Etheridge
               



             went out and met 
               
                  George
                   Thorn
               



            ; she knew him, and asked him to pawn the things; he asked if they were honestly come by; I said no; he went to the Maiden-head in Dyot-street, and pawned them for 8 s.
Q. Who is Williams?
Wilson. The same man; he pawned the hat for 2 s.
Beard's Defence.
I know nothing of the gentleman; I never saw him nor had any concern with him; I never was at Mitchel's house in my life; Etheridge asked me to pawn the neckcloth.

Etheridge's Defence.
I was not with her the night it was done; she asked me to pawn the things; I would not; she said she had stripped a man; I said more shame for her; I went home to the door with them and then left them.
For Beard.


                  Mary
                   Beard
               



            . I am her mother: I live in Carnaby-street; I keep a house of lodgers; I never heard any harm of her in my life; she had been at service and was out of place, and lived at my house; she said she was going to a place, and staid all night.


                  Eleanor
                   Feathers
               



            . I have known Beard ever since she was a baby; I never heard any harm of her before this; I was very much surprised when I heard this.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
