





3 7. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HAGGETT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one piece of black silk handkerchiefs, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry
                      Collier
                  




               
            , Jan. 28th
. ||


                  Henry
                   Collier
               



             I am a linen-draper
 in the Strand


. Last Thursday three weeks, about a quarter before eight, I heard the window break; I went immediately out and heard the cry of stop thief; somebody said the thief was gone down the court, which is at the corner of my house; a man at an eating house in the court pursued him, and took him in Beaufort-buildings; we brought him into my shop, and we observed both his hands were bloody; he said he was not the person that broke the window; a gentleman that was going by at the time, said he saw him break the window; I know the handkerchiefs were in the window; I did not miss them till I came back; he gave several different accounts about cutting his hands.


                  William
                   Langford
               



            . I live at the eating-house: I was in the passage; I heard a cry of stop thief; I and Collier run together, and we took the prisoner; he was then walking very slowly; I thought he was the lad because I saw him run by; we brought him to the shop.


                  Richard
                   Fletcher
               



            . I was passing along and saw two lads walking by Mr. Collier's window, looking at it; I took particular notice of them, and know the prisoner was one; I went two doors beyond the shop and crossed the way; I came back and kept my eye towards the shop; I saw that lad and three more then at the cornet of the court in company together; immediately as I came opposite the court the prisoner broke the window, and took something out of a dark colour; I crossed the way, and asked the mistress of the shop if she had lost any thing; she said she did not know: the prisoner was brought back; I know he is the person; he had his hands bloody as described.
Prisoner's Defence.
My mother keeps a public house. I went out that night and went into a public house at the Fleet-market for a pint of beer, and cut my hand by cutting a piece of bread; I went from there up the Strand: I met three lads; they asked me where I was going; I said what was that to them; they pulled out some silk handkerchiefs, and wanted me to take them; I would not; somebody cried stop thief; they all run away; and they took me.
For the Prisoner.


                  James
                   Flint
               



            . I live in Swallow-street, St. James's: I am a publican. I have known the prisoner ten years; I never knew any thing dishonest of him before: he is a plane and saw maker; it is a very good business.


                  John
                   Patterson
               



            . I keep the Rose and Crown in Newport-street: I have known the prisoner six or seven years; I never knew any thing dishonest of him before; he has had great opportunities if he had meant to have been dishonest.


                  Henry
                   Rawlinson
               



            . I have known the prisoner from an insant: his father and mother have resorted frequently to our house; he is as honest a lad as any I have known.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
