





549. (L.) 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      DODD
                  , otherwise 

                     SARAH, the wife
 of 
                        
                           EDWARD
                            BUNDY
                        








            , was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury
            , Nov. 23
 ++
Mr. 
               
                  Robert
                   Stainback
               



             produced the original affidavit, and deposed
"that it was administered
"by him on the 23d of November 1772,
"to a person that answered to the name of the
"defendant" (the affidavit read).


                  Luke
                   Nailor
               



            , clerk to Mess. Felcher and Matchem, deposed,
"that he drew up the affidavit,
"and was present when it was sworn by
"the defendant."


                  Henry
                   Bentum
               



            . I have known Dancer, the prosecutor, many years; he was arrested and in confinement some time. On the 4th of January last he came to my house, and said he had heard of the woman that swore the debt against him, and asked me to go with him to see after her; we went to the Hercules eating house, where we heard she opened oysters; we went in there, and waited for her coming; when she came we bid her open sixpennyworth of oysters, and asked her to drink some beer; she chose some gin; I asked her if her name was Todd; she said, yes; I told her I understood she had done a job for a friend of mine, Mr. Mitchel, and had three guineas for it; she said, yes; I said I believe you swore a debt against one Dancer; she said, yes, she did, and she believed he was in the Marshalsea some time; I said did you ever see Dancer; she said, no; I then said I want you to do a job for me; she said it was worth five guineas, that she would not do it under, and would not swear against any man again without seeing him first; I then told her that was Dancer; then she called us a couple of rascals, said she would have nothing to say to us, and bid us go out of the house.
For the Prisoner.


                  Elliot
                   Meloy
               



            , who keeps the Hercules eating house, deposed,
"that the prisoner sold oysters
"and salmon at his door; that her husband's
"name was Bundy; that they had been married
"twelve years, and that he never knew her
"go by the name of Todd; that she was an
"industrious woman; that he never heard any
"imputation on her character; that he did not
"believe she could write."



                  John
                   Peate
               



            , a broker in Lombard-street, deposed,
"he had known her ten years; that she
"bore a good character; that he did not believe
"she could either read or write."
- Whitaker, a musical instrument maker at the Royal Exchange, deposed,
"that he
"has known the prisoner sixteen years; that
"she bore a good character."


                  Thomas
                   Phipps
               



            , an upholsterer in Leaden-hall-street, deposed,
"that he had known the prisoner
"ten or twelve years; that he believed
"her to be an honest woman and did not think
"she would sorswear herself."
- Kirby, a wire worker in Crooked-lane, deposed,
"that he had known the prisoner
"twelve or fourteen years; that he never heard
"any imputation on her character; that he did
"not think she could read or write." On his cross examination, being asked if he did not say to the prisoner when she was apprehended,
"you
"d - d b - h, you know we all know you
"to be a d - d b - h, but I could not think
"you was quite so bad as this; he said he
"never said any such thing"
- Morrison deposed,
"that he had known
"the prisoner eight or ten years, and that she
"always bore a good character."
Mr. Salt deposed,
"that he was a ttorney
"for the prisoner; that he had known her
"twenty years; that she always bore a good
"character; that they were obliged to give notice
"of trial; that he sent to her to sign the
"notice; that she sent word she could not
"write nor ever could in her life; that she
"made a mark which he produced; that he sent
"his son twice to the office to get a sight of the
"affidavit, that he might know whether it was
"signed with a name or mark, but could not
"obtain a sight of it."
- Salt, the son of the last witness, deposed,
"that he applied for a copy of the affidavit in
"Clifford's inn; that the clerk said there was no
"such affidavit; that he did not know whether
"it was signed with a name or mark".
The Counsel for the Prosecution called


                  Hale
                   Hodge
               



            , who deposed
"he was at the
"Mansion house when the prisoner was apprehended;
"that he asked her her name, and she
"said it was Bundy; that he asked if she knew
"Mitchel; she said she did not; that he asked
"if she could read or write, and she said she
"could do both; that when she was in the
"house twenty people said she was a d - d
"bitch, and that Kirby in particular held up
"his hand at her, and said, you know we all
"know you are a d - d bitch, but I could not
"think you was quite so bad as this".



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
