





569. (M.) 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET
                      COOKE
                  



               
            , widow, was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of linen sheets, value 14 s. and a copper saucepan, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin
                            Tickler
                        




                     
                  , the said goods being in a certain lodging room, lett by contract to the said Bridget
            , Dec. 18th
. ++


                  Elizabeth
                   Tickler
               



            . I am the wife of Benjamin; I live in the Great Ambury, Westminster


; I keep a house there, and lett lodgings; the prisoner took a lodging of me about six weeks after Michaelmas, and lived with me about a month, between Michaelmas and Christmas. The sheets and copper saucepan were part of the goods of that lodging; she took it for herself as a widow woman; I told her to go away about a fortnight after she came there; she said she would be very good, and pay her lodging; I was obliged to go out to a hard day's work; she said if I would give her a clean pair of sheets, she would be very good and pay her lodging; I gave her a pair; and when I came back, she had made away with the clean sheets, and the dirty ones; she went away, and we never heard any thing of her till about three weeks ago
Q. Did you miss any thing beside the sheets?
Tickler. Yes; a saucepan. One sheet I found at the pawnbroker's.
Q. When you came home was the door locked?
Tickler. Yes; at the end of a fortnight we broke it open, and missed the two pair of sheets and the saucepan; she owed a fortnight's rent when she went away.
Q. Did you give her leave to pawn the pair of sheets, or either of the sheets, in order to raise some money, that there might be the appearance of her paying you some money before your husband?
Tickler. No; I never did any such thing.


                  Henry
                   Steel
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I stopped the sheet on the prisoner.
Q. When?
Steel. Before Christmas; she said she would fetch her landlord to prove it was her sheet; she did not return, so I sent my lad to Mr. Tickler's, to know whether the woman had goods of her own. Mrs. Tickler came, and said so, and that it was her sheet; I returned the sheet to Tickler. ( Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
There was a person that swore before Sir John that she ordered me to pawn the sheet. The night before she went to washing, I went to pawn the sheet for 3 s. I fell down by the way and broke my ancle, and was sick for three weeks; when I got well I came to the neighbourhood again, intending to get the sheets out of pawn.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
