





127. (L.) 
               
                  
                     ROGER
                      Pratt
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               defrauding 
                     
                        
                           Ann
                            Bartholomew
                        




                     
                  , widow, of a quantity of goods, value 14 l. 10 s. by false pretences, &c
            . January 7, 1767
.


                  Ann
                   Crocker
               



            . My name was Bartholomew in January 1767. I was then a widow. I live in Crooked-lane


, and have carried on the business of ivory-turning and hard-wood turning
 this twenty-years. The prisoner came to my house in January, 1767, and said his name was 
               
                  Roger
                   Pratt
               



            ; that he was a merchant, and lived at No. 121, in Fenchurch-street. He wanted some cruet-stands and coffee-mills. He said the dealt very largely abroad, and had been master of the house he lived in twenty years. I shewed him what I had. I told him I was a widow, and had five small children; and that if he paid ready money, I would serve him as cheap as any body; otherwise, I could not give him credit. He said he always paid ready money. We agreed for a parcel. He said if I sent them in he would pay the money. This he said several times over, and ordered me to send the bill and a receipt. I sent some over-night, that I had by me, and was to get the rest in the trade. He came with a man, which he called his packer, which I have reason since to believe, was one Fisher, who was transported from this place. ( See No. 196, in the last mayoralty). He said he must have them immediately; the packer could not pack them if he had not; and turned round to him and said, You see, packer, you cannot have them now; she must have time to get them; you must wait, packer. I sent and got the goods, and sent them; they came to fourteen pounds ten shillings. Instead of returning my money, he took off the receipt and sent that back, and said he would call on me as he came from 'Change, which he did, and asked me to give him a pen and ink. I did, thinking I was to write a receipt. He said I must take a note for six months. I desired him to let me have my goods again. He said they were packed up and gone abroad; and I could not have them again. He came to three months, then to twenty-one days. He wrote and left a note on the counter, and went out of the shop. I never got my money. I did not agree to take the note. I took him the sessions before last. There were about thirty-six of us with these complaints against him at once before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            . Last sessions there were for what I know an hundred people in court that he had got goods of in that manner. He had left this direction at my house. Pratt, merchant, No. 121, Fenchurch-street. (Produced in court.)


                  Richard
                   Bartholomew
               



             deposed, he, by his mother's direction, carried the cruet-stands, glasses, with silver tops, and coffee mills, at two separate times, and delivered the first-parcel to a little girl, and the second to the prisoner, who took off the receipt and sent it back by him, but paid no money.


                  Jane
                   Jones
               



            . I have kept the house, No. 121, in Fenchurch-street six years. The prisoner took a lodging there in December, 1766. He had only a bed room up two-pair-of-stairs, and a little counting-room. He was about three weeks there off and on. I remember the young man coming with the first parcel. The prisoner carried them out the same night, but where I know not. I did not see the other parcel brought in. The prisoner pretended he was going to Birmingham.
Prosecutrix. I never went to enquire after him, till about three weeks after he had the goods; but he was not to be found.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had a call for these goods to send to Dunkirk.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried twice last sessions for crimes of the same nature.
