





515. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Eleanor
                      Cock
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cotton counterpane, eleven yards of silk and inkle bed lace, two linen bed-ticks, one linen bolster, ten yards and a half of thread and worsted carpet, four yards and a half of thread and worsted carpet, five linen table-cloths, and one linen sheet
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Boulton
                  




               
            , July 17
. ++


                  John
                   Boulton
               



            . I am an upholder
, and live in Threadneedle-street


. The prisoner worked journeywork with me; she worked in my shop; she came to work for me at the latter end of May. In two days after she came, I missed the counterpane and the eleven yards of bed lace. On the 17th of July, my wife informed me that she missed five table-cloths and a sheet, and that she suspected the prisoner. I went to her lodgings to enquire about her: the people gave her a very bad character. When I came home, I missed these window curtains and a bed-tick. I went again in search for her. I found her near her lodging sitting in a room. I asked her how she came to leave my service; she said, I find you missed things, and I was afraid you should suspect me. I said, I suppose the plain truth is, you have robbed me; she said, yes, she had. She confessed to taking the goods; I then charged her with the counterpane, the tea-chest, and the curtains; she acknowledged she had stolen them. She told me she had pawned the counterpane at Mr. Rochford's in Bishopsgate-street; the window curtains at Mr. Davidson's at London Wall; and the tea-chest in Houndsditch. The next day I missed a great many more things; then I took her up, and she confessed stealing them.


                  John
                   Richards
               



             corroborated Mr. Burton's evidence, as to her confession of the robbery, and directing him to the people with whom she had pawned them. 
               
                  John
                   Floriet
               



            , a pawnbroker in Redcross-street, produced a yard and a half of carpet, and two table-cloths, that he had taken in of the prisoner. 
               
                  John
                   Carr
               



            , servant to - Rochford in Bishopsgate-street, produced the counterpane. 
               
                  James
                   Pitt
               



            , a servant to 
               
                  David
                   Davidson
               



             at London Wall, produced a carpet, a remnant of carpet four yards, and a bed tick: which they had taken in pawn of the prisoner; all which were deposed to by the prosecutor.
The prisoner said in her defence, that her confession was drawn from her by a promise of favour, and that she is ignorant of the robbery.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
