





309. (1st M) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      CROWTHER
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, in the king's highway, in and upon 
                     
                        Mary, the wife
 of 
                              
                                 
                                    John
                                     Wilson
                                 







                  , did make an assault, putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and stealing from her person, seven yards of red and white spotted cotton, value fourteen shillings, a linen shirt, value three shillings, a yard of linen cloth, value one shilling, and a silk handkerchief, value one shilling
            , the property of the said John, March 15
. *


                  Mary
                   Wilson
               



            . On the 15th of March, going through Bloomsbury Court, Holborn


, about five minutes before ten o'clock at night, the prisoner came up to me, snatched a bundle out of my hand and ran off; he did not say a word to me, or offer to insult me. I pursued him with the cry of stop thief: he was taken and brought back to me; he was out of my sight, but I knew him the moment I saw him brought back. I am sure the prisoner is the man that robbed me: it was a moon-light night; he had no bundle when he was taken. I have never heard of my things.
Q. Was you in no kind of fright?
Wilson. Yes, after he had taken the bundle I was.


                  Francis
                   Young
               



            . I am an engraver. On the 15th of March, coming from Bloomsbury Market, down Bloomsbury Court, I met the prisoner with a bundle; and just after, I met the prosecutrix, who said, he had robbed her. I pursued him, and cried, stop thief: he turned up a timber yard, and there he, was taken, but he had no bundle then.


                  Charles
                   Barton
               



            . I am a coachman. On the 15th of March, going up Holborn, I heard a cry of stop thief. I saw the prisoner running, and the last witness pursuing him. The prisoner turned up a yard: I followed him, and took him, and brought him to Mrs. Wilson, who charged him with robbing her. I took him to the watch house, he had no bundle then.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been to Gray's-Inn-Lane, and was returning to Westminster. I went up this yard to case myself; as I came down again, these people laid hold of me; and said, I had stole a gentlewoman's bundle.




               Guilty of stealing the goods, but not guilty of putting the prosecutrix in fear in the king's highway
            . 


               T
            .
