





133. (M. 1st) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Newson
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eight china ware dishes, value 20 s. sixteen china plates, value 8 s. eighteen china cups, value 4 s. 6 d. eighteen china saucers, and four china basons
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Tidmarsh
                  




               
            , Dec. 14
. +


                  John
                   Tadmarsh
               



            . I live in Rosemary-lane, and deal in china were
. I missed these several things on the 14th of December. I suspected the prisoner. I am his uncle; I do not choose to say what he confessed. He used to resort at the Prince of Orange's head, Whitechapel. I went there and found this china. (The china mentioned, all but half a dozen plates, produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Sarah Row. The prisoner came to my house with some china. My maid bought these of him towards house-keeping. He said, he bought them at Blackwall, on board a ship. She gave him forty-six shillings for them.
Eliz. Coombs. I am servant to Mrs. Row. I bought this china of the prisoner for forty-six shillings. He said he had it at Blackwall.
Eliz. Wilson. I live at the Nag's-head, facing Whitechapel Church. I bought this half dozen china plates of the prisoner. (Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought this china of a man in the new road, Whitechapel.
He called Archibald Fryer, who had known him from a child. 
               
                  Jasper
                   Wilson
               



            , four or five years. 
               
                  John
                   Godby
               



            , and 
               
                  Mary
                   Chief
               



            , four years, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
