





285. (1st. L.) 
               
                  James
                   Hancock
               



            . was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 4 l. a cornelian seal set in gold, value 40 s. and a cornelian seal set in silver, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Price
                  




               
            , March 1
. +



                  Thomas
                   Price
               



            . I was going to St. Bride's church, after I had lost my handkerchief, between two and three o'clock; there was a great crowd just by St. Bride's chu


rch. A gentleman was along with me, we could not go immediately. I was obliged to stop in the crowd; I had not been there a minute before the prisoner picked my pocket of my watch, a silver one; it had a gold and a silver cornelian seal to it. I felt my watch going out, and saw it in the prisoner's hand; he was about a yard from me then. I took hold of his collar, and said, he had got my watch; he said, No Sir, I have not got it; he dropt it, I picked it up. I did not let him go.
Q. from the prisoner. Whether in so great a crowd you might not mistake me for somebody else?
Price. No; I saw his hand moving from my body.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a watch finisher
 by trade. Coming from Shoe Lane, from the springer and liner's, I went into the cook's shop in Salisbury Court, to dinner; coming from dinner to go home, I came through a great crowd of people. When I came close to the gentleman, he said, I had his watch; I told him I had no such thing, I know nothing of it. He laid hold of me, and said, I had his watch; I said, No, I had not; he said, he would do for me. A gentleman with him, said, he should have some fun now, and wanted to duck me. I said, let me have justice done me; they dragged me up the court that leads to St. Bride's church. I said to a constable, There Sir, take me into custody and see me used well, for these gentlemen want to molest and duck me. The constable took me, he said he would take care of me. He asked me if I had any money. He said, will you have a coach, I said, Yes, I had a coach to the Counter, and paid for it. This man, when I was going into the coach, held up his fist, and said, Ah, you villain, I'll transport you.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Did you talk of ducking this man?
Price. I never mentioned a word of that sort. Some of the Bridewell boys came up and wanted to abuse him; I told him they should not abuse him by any means. I never attempted to strike him or do any thing to him.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
