





506. (2d M) 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      LOTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 2 l. a brass key, value 2 d. a steel chain, value 4 d. two silver table spoons, value 12 s. five silver tea spoons, value 10 s. a blue silk gown, value 15 s. a cotton gown, value 6 s. a black silk gown, value 21 s. a black silk hat, value 5 s. a pair of green silk shoes, value 5 s. a linen shift, value 3 s. a damask tablecloth, value 3 s. a shirt body, value 6 s. a linen sheet, value 10 s. two muslin aprons, value 21 s. and three cloth aprons, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Dutton
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Thomas
            , June 21st
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Dutton
               



            . On the 21st of June, in the morning, I went down stairs and found the prisoner in the kitchen; there was no fire lighted; I came up stairs again; I missed a watch that hung up by the chimney; in a few minutes time I missed two tea spoons that I am certain were there the evening before; this was in the morning between seven and eight; as soon as I got up I missed two gowns of my wife's
Martha, the wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Dutton
               



            . In the morning I came down to breakfast; I went down into the kitchen; I found the fire not lighted nor the windows open; it surprized me; I went up into the servant's rooms; I found she was gone and her clothes; I then missed a pair of new silk shoes and a couple of table spoons that I had at supper the night before; then I missed the rest of the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them.)


                  Peter
                   Senhouse
               



            . I was at the 
               
                  Brown
                   Bear
               



             in Bow-street; a woman came out of Hart-street and said there was a person there that had robbed Mr. Dutton; I went up and took the girl down with me; going down Hart-street I asked her where the place was; she said she had got it in her pocket; I took her into the White Hart in Hart-street; I found the watch, four spoons, and two table spoons; I asked her where the other tea spoon was; she said she sold it for two shillings to the pawnbroker in Vine-street; I went with her and found it there; afterwards she took me to her lodgings and shewed me these things. (They are produced and deposed to by the prosecutor and prosecutrix). I found the spoons and the watch upon her; she confessed they were her mistress's property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have no friends: there were lodgers in the house; I took the spoons for safety, and put them in my pocket with intention to return them again.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
