





136. (M.) 
               
                  
                     CHARLES
                      COOKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six linen shirts value twelve shillings; a muslin neckcloth, value one shilling; a linen shift, value two shillings; a dimity waistcoat, value two shillings; eighteen linen clouts, value six shillings; and one pair of leather boots, value six shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Sacker
                  




December 24th
. +


                  John
                   Sacker
               



            . The day before Christmas day, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; they were at the Lemon-tree, I wanted to have them brought home, the prisoner offered to help to bring them, there were some large drawers, he brought them upon his head at three different times, my child went with him, and at one of the times, in coming up Gerard-street


, he said he went up stairs with the drawer, and then I suppose took these things out, some were found at a pawnbrokers, two shirts, a shift, a neckcloth and a pair of boots. The prisoner owned freely that he had taken the things mentioned in the indictment, and where he had pledged them.


                  John
                   Greenwood
               



            . This shirt (producing it) I received of the prisoner; I had information of his pawning these things, I took him up and he confessed it before the prosecutor.


                  John
                   Turner
               



            . I live with a pawnbroker. The prisoner brought the goods produced, and pawned them.
The prosecutor deposed to the boots.
Prisoner's Defence.
The prosecutor offered to forgive me if I would confess.


                  John
                   Sacker
               



            . I never said such a thing: the confession was freely made.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
