






168, 169. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      CASSOY
                  



               
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      HAGAN
                  



               
            , spinster
, were indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 4 s. and 3 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Fletcher
                  




               
            , Dec. 14
 +


                  James
                   Fletcher
               



            . I am a journeyman baker
. On the 14th of last month, I went down to Salt Peter-bank, hearing there were some glass houses there, to enquire for any person that worked in a glass house, having a curiosity to see glass blown. I met with 
               
                  Mary
                   Cassoy
               



            ; I told her what I was seeking for; she said her husband was a glass-blower, and she would take me to her house, in order that her husband might shew me; I went with her; she carried me up into a room, where I expected to see him, but instead of that, she fastened the door upon me, twitched me upon the bed, and swore a great oath I should be concerned with her.
Q. And had you been talking to her upon no other subject but glass-blowing?
Fletcher. No.
Q. Had no familiar conversation passed between you?
Fletcher. No, none at all; I refused to have any thing to do with her; upon that she opened the door and called Hagan; Cassoy then threw herself upon me, and took my money out of my pocket, and Hagan took off my handkerchief, then they both ran down stairs: I followed them but could not catch them; I informed the neighbours of it, and they were taken soon after.
The Prisoners in their defence denied the charge, but called no witnesses.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
