






428. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Locket, otherwise 
Brock




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Hawkins
                  



               
            , spinster, were indicted for 


               stealing seven yards of lawn, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Webb
                  




               
            , June 22
. *


                  James
                   Webb
               



            . I was one at the time the linen was stolen, I can only swear it is my property; here is my mark upon it, (producing it.)


                  James
                   Cleland
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Webb; on Saturday the 22d of June, the two prisoners came into the shop about seven in the evening; I suspected them when they came into the shop, therefore I counted the pieces that were in the wrapper; when I went to shew them the fifth piece they stole the fourth that I had shewn them; I saw Locket take it, she put it under her apron; I let her go out of the shop with it; I took hold of her when she got to the next door, I told her she had got a piece of lawn; she denied it, and then afterwards throwed it in the middle of the highway.
Q. Where do you live?
Cleland. In Smithfield


.
Q. Did Hawkins do any thing?
Cleland. She bought a quarter of a yard, and Locket paid for it; that was off another piece, not that piece she stole; we carried them both to the Compter.


                  Richard
                   Farrer
               



            . I am a looking glass polisher; I was going to Mr. Buskins's on Snow hill with some work: going along Smithfield I saw the two prisoners come out of Mr. Webb's shop; they went about five or six yards from the door; when this young man followed them he laid hold of Locket's arm, and said she had taken a piece of cloth out of the shop; she denied it; afterwards she took it from under her apron, and throwed it into the highway.
Locket's Defence.
I asked this young woman to go with me to buy a bit of lawn, as she is a better judge than me. I did not steal any, nor did she; I could have had people to my character, but did not expect my trial would come on so soon.
Locket, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Hawkins, 

               Acquitted
            .
