










234, 235, 236, 237, 238. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      JENNINGS
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      BIRCH
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     EDWARD
                      SMITH
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE
                      GRAHAM
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET
                      MICHENER
                  , otherwise NASH



            , were indicted, the two first, for 


               stealing one bank note, value 50 l. another bank note, value 10 l. the said notes being due and unsatisfied, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James
                            Maddan
                        



                     
                  , privately from his person
            .
Second count. The two first for 


               stealing a red leather pocket-book with a silver locket, value 2 s. one pistol locket, set with garnets, value 5 s. and one penknife, value 2 d.
             the property of the said 
               
                  James
                   Maddan
               



            ; and 
               
                  Catherine
                   Graham
               



             and 
               
                  Margaret
                   Michener
               



            , otherwise Nash, for 


               receiving, harbouring and maintaining them, knowing them to have committed the said felony. They also stood charged with receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Jan. 31


. ++


                  James
                   Maddan
               



            . I lost my pocket-book at Covent Garden theatre




 on the 31st of January. I had it in my pocket going into the theatre; it contained a case of instruments, two lottery tickets of 1770, 20 l. prizes, and two bank notes.

- Rooke. I keep the Hope in Bow-street, Westminster. They came down to my house in a coach, three or four together; Jennings, who went by the name of Gordon, was one; they staid about five or ten minutes, or half an hour; it is about three weeks or a month ago. Gordon and the two lads were saying in the tap-room, that these two girls had got away with the notes; they asked me to stop the girls. A little after that they were leaning their heads down, I saw two lottery tickets that were 20 l. prizes. I said, what is that? Gordon immediately went and thrust them into the fire.
Q. How could you distinguish that they were prizes?
Rooke. There was an L, a figure of 2, and an o, wrote in ink. After they had desired me to stop this girl, they wanted me to let them out. I said, No; having stopt her, I will stop you all; I will send for Mr. Noakes to take charge of you. The two women frequented the house before I kept it; they sold fish about, and paid their way very well; one of the sisters owes me a score now. I never heard any thing bad of them till this affair.
Court. Nor of Gordon, nor the boys, I dare say?
Rooke. No farther than frequenting my house.
Q. Was your house frequented by a great deal of such company as that?
Rooke. It was frequented by such company as that before I kept it.
Court. I hope the Justices have taken away your licence.
Rooke. It is already taken away. I can't help my house being bad.
Court. No; it is not the house that is bad; it is the keeper of it that is bad.
Rooke. The boys said, it was a pretty thing for them to run the hazard of their lives for it; and they would, sooner than she should have it, go and lay an information before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            . Both the boys said, they had been into 
               
                  Nancy
                   Miller
               



            's room; and they said she had gone away with a 50 l. note, and they would have her if possible; and they desired me to detain the other sister till she came. They looked over some papers, and among the rest they mentioned a 50 l. note.
Q. Did the boys say what these papers were?
Rooke. No, they did not; they brought some back into my house again.
Q. How old is Gordon?
Rooke. I believe twenty-one or twenty-two; that is. Jennings.
Q. Do you know how old the boys are?
Rooke. No.


                  John
                   Noakes
               



            . The night the gentleman was robbed, I being a constable of St. Martin's parish, a person came and said I was wanted at the Oak in Thieving-lane. I went there; there were the three men and boys; 
               
                  Kenney
               


             the evidence took me down to St. Anne's-lane, where Mitchel and Graham lived; they told me the pocket-book was burnt. The evidence gave me a lottery ticket, which he said dropt out of the pocket-book, when they opened it in Covent-Garden. I raked among the ashes, and found some bits of a pocket-book, (producing them.) The prosecutor said, part appeared like a rivet to the pocket-book, and part of an opera ticket. They said that Miller was with them, and had got the pocket-book; she was taken next day.
Q. How do you know it was Graham's apartment?
Noakes. The landlord said it was hers.
Kenney. 
               
                  Edward
                   Smith
               



            , 
               
                  James
                   Gordon
               



             and I were concerned in stealing a pocket-book. 
               
                  John
                   Birch
               



             was standing by; we were all together under the piazza's at Govent-Garden, it was about ten at night. Smith went to pick the gentleman's pocket; he came back, and said there was nothing but a pocket-book. We sent him back again, and he brought the pocket-book. I believe the gentleman had come from the play-house; it was just at the corner, coming out across the way. He brought it behind his coat; we took it from him, and went into Govent-garden market with it; we opened it; we saw some notes in it, and a locket fell out, that Mr. Noakes has; there is a true-lover's knot to it; I took it up, and put it into my pocket.
Q. How many went into the market to examine it?
Kenney. All of us. Gordon said, give it me; I said, I will keep it myself; I put it in my pocket. He said, let's go to Westminster. We went to the Oak in Thieving-lane. Gordon saw Graham at the Hope, and we all went with her; she opened the pocket-book, and saw some silver instruments in it, and she pulled out two lottery tickets. Upon searching farther, she said to Gordon, here is a 50 l. bank note; come and kiss me, my dear. The gentleman said there was a 25 l. note; I did not see that. She searched the book over, and said there were notes. We tore the book, and burnt it and the other papers; Gordon had the lottery tickets, and brought them to the Hope afterwards. Graham asked Gordon if he would have any beef for supper; she said, she had got a shilling. She went out with pretence to get some, but did not return again; and I saw her no more till she was taken; she took Miller with her.
Q. How long have you been in this way?
Kenney. Not long; I was a porter before, and worked very hard.
Q. What had Michener to do in it?
Kenney. She only fetched a candle, and was in the room at the same time.
Q. Does any body lodge with Graham?
Kenney. Yes, Michener.
Q. from Jennings. Where was I when the pocket-book was taken?
Kenney. About ten yards behind.
Q. Had Birch any thing to do with it?
Kenney. No; he was under the gate-way.
Q. And went afterwards to the Hope with you?
Kenney. Yes.
Court. He went out of pure love then; had nothing to do with it?
Kenney. Yes; out of pure love.
Court. Do you usually let those into your secrets to see what prizes you have, that have not been concerned in the business?
Kenney. I have not been long used to this way.


                  Ann
                   Miller
               



            . I was in at the Hope this day three weeks; I saw 
               
                  Catharine
                   Graham
               



             and her sister there; I heard a disturbance about this note. I asked Graham several times, if she knew any thing of it; and she said, she did not. I believe if she had known any thing of it, she would have told me, that is all I know of it.
Court. And did you tell just this story before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            ?
Miller. Yes.
Q. Did not you tell Sir John, that you was at Graham's lodgings when the boys were there?
Miller. No.
Q. And was not you there?
Miller. No.
Court. I fancy they expected you was able to tell us more of it than you have done.
Miller. I said the same at first as I do now.
Q. I understood from Kenney, that you was at Graham's lodgings?
Kenney. It was her sister Michener.
Q. Have you been in custody about it?
Miller. I was taken up about it at first; but the evidence cleared me.
Q. Who was at the Hope when you was there?
Miller. All the prisoners at the bar were there.
Q. to the prosecutor. Are you able to identify these notes?
Prosecutor. I received them at the Bank the day I lost them. I had an account of the numbers the day after I lost them, of a clerk.
Q. Is that clerk here?
Prosecutor. No.
Jennings's Defence.
I was in the Hope drinking a pint of beer, when Mr. Noakes came in and took me into custody. I am innocent of it; I was not near Covent-Garden; nor was I ever at Graham's lodgings; I do n't know where she lives.
Birch's Defence.
I happened to meet with Kenney and 
               
                  Edward
                   Smith
               



            , this night three weeks; they asked me to take a walk with them to Westminster. We went into the Hope; there was this 
               
                  Kate
                   Graham
               



            ; then I went with her and Kenney to a public house. There was a bed in the room; I laid down upon the bed on my back; I did not know what they were at.
Smith's Defence.
I went down to the Hope with two or three apprentices; two lads were selling some handkerchiefs to Mr. Rooke; I know nothing of it.
Graham's Defence.
I had been out with oranges to the public houses; I came to Mr. Rooke's; he used to lend me money to go to market. I am innocent of it.
Michener's Defence.
I had been out with oysters; I came into the Hope about half after ten; Noakes came in and took me to the watch-house. I know nothing of the affair.
Jennings 


               guilty of stealing but not privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
Birch. 

               Acquitted
            .
Smith 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Graham 


               guilty of concealing and harbouring the principals
            .
