





47. 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      MILLER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden trunk, containing a quantity of linen
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Bedder
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BEDDER
               



             sworn.
I am a bricklayer
, and live in Lime-street. On the 6th of November
 I lost a trunk, containing several shirts, some table linen, and a child's frock. The trunk held our foul linen. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Francklyn
               



             came once a month, and took the trunk to Islington to get the things washed. Next day (the 7th) we were informed that it had been stolen out of his cart, Some of the shirts were marked with the initials of my name.


                  SUSANNA
                   DUNN
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Bedder: I saw the trunk taken out of the kitchen to go to Islington, but am not certain what day it was; it contained shirts, sheets, &c.


                  THOMAS
                   FRANCKLYN
               



             sworn.
On the 6th of November I had a trunk from Mr. Bedder's to carry to Islington: I did not examine the contents; it was not locked, but secured with a cord. I stopt at the Flower-Pot, in Threadneedle-street, where I always take in parcels; somebody came and called out to me,
"you have lost all the things out
"of your cart." I went out and met a carman bringing the trunk in upon his back; there was no direction upon it; I always carried it once a month, it was that trunk which I had from Mr. Bedder's.


                  WILLIAM
                   CARTER
               



            . On the 6th of November, about seven at night, as I was coming from my work, just as I passed the Flower-Pot, alehouse, I saw two men carrying a trunk upon their shoulders from the cart then standing at the door; they crossed the street into a court, and I followed them; the prisoner then lifted it up on the other man's head; I thought it was not their property, so shook the man who carried it on his head by the shoulder: Miller walked as close as he could to the man, who threw it down from the right side of his head, with an intent, as I thought, to let it fall on me. I then cried out stop thief; the other man ran away, and a butcher pursued him. Miller turned back and walked behind the cart; I took him, but the other man is not yet taken.
Did Miller make any resistance? - No; he said he was not guilty. I brought the prisoner in my hand, and a hackney coachman brought the box into the alehouse: I did not know what was in the box till next morning, when we went before alderman Wilkes.
Are you sure the prisoner had one end of the box on his shoulder? - Yes, I am sure he had.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I was coming along the street, on the left hand side of the way, I heard a man cry out stop thief; he said here is one of them, and took me into the alehouse; they looked at me several times. Certainly, if I had been the man who had taken it, I should have ran away. I sell apples and pears about the streets
 with a jack ass.



               GUILTY
            . 


               T
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice ASTON.
