





141. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Christopher
                      Moreton
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a woolen cloth coat, one woolen cloth waistcoat, two leather pocket books, one bank note, value 45 l. another bank note, value 200 l. another bank note, value 100 l. another bank note, 20 l. and four other bank notes, value 10 l. each, the same being due and unsatisfied, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James
                            Roberts
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said James
            , Jan. 16
, ~


                  James
                   Roberts
               



            . I am a corn chandler
; I live in Fenchurch Street


; I lost my coat and waistcoat, and pocket book on Jan. 16. I had worn the cloaths about an hour before I lost them. I put them in a little counting house, adjoining to the shop. I went down stairs and left them. My pocket book, containing the bank notes, was in my waistcoat pocket.
Q. What were the notes?
Roberts. There was one 200 l. one 100 l. and one 45 l. which were made in my own name. And there was one 20 l. and four 10 l.
Q. Do you know who they were made payable to?
Roberts. No. I staid down stairs almost an hour; when I came up again, I found the counting house door open; but I did not miss my cloaths then.
Q. How does your counting house door shut?
Roberts. It was on the latch on the outside. I went down stairs again for about half an hour. When I came up the second time I missed them. Then I thought of my notes. I went to stop them that night.
Q. Did you ever find any of them again?
Roberts. No.


                  John
                   Morris
               



            .
Court. How old are you?
Morris. Almost thirteen.
Court. Can you read?
Morris. No.
Court. Do you know what religion you are of?
Morris. No.
Court. Do you know the commandments?
Morris. No.
Court. Do you know whether there is any religion in the world?
Morris. No.
Court. Did your mother ever send you to school?
Morris. No; she keeps a green stall and cannot afford it.
Court. Do you know good from evil?
Morris. No.
Court. Do you know what will be done to you if you tell a lie?
Morris. No.
Court. Do you know any thing about heaven or hell?
Morris. I have heard people talk about heaven; but I know nothing at all about it.
Court. Consider now, when upon your oath, which is the most solemn engagement between God and your soul, if this young man should be hanged for what you shall say, and you should tell a lie what will become of you?
Morris. I believe I should go to hell.
Court. Who told you so?
Morris. Nobody; I thought that of myself.
Court. A very proper answer, tho' I think I never saw so much ignorance in a boy of thirteen years old: but I shall take an opportunity to speak to him. Swear him (he is sworn.)
Court. Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Morris. I believe I do.
Court. Did you ever talk with him?
Morris. Yes.

Q. Consider you are now upon your oath; tell me what you know about this matter?
Morris. I was going through Fenchurch-street between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, about a month ago, on a Wednesday night: I met two young men by this gentleman's house; they came to me and said they would give me some money.
Q. Did you know the prisoner's name?
Morris. They call him Cut Nuckle, it is a nick name that is given him. One said, he would give me some money if I would not say any thing about them or what they were doing; for they said they were going into this gentleman's house. I saw one of them go in, not both, then I followed them: it was not the prisoner, it was Waters that went in.
Q. What did he say when he came out?
Morris. He called him Waters. The hatch door was open when he went in, it had a brass knob. I staid at the door with the prisoner: they said they would give me money not to say any thing.
Q. How far was the compting-house from the first door?
Morris (describes it) When he came out he gave it to the prisoner, and they both ran away.
Q. Did you know the house?
Morris. No.
Q. Then it might be some other house?
Morris. It was a corn-chandler's shop, so I know it by that; it was dark and all the other houses were shut up. The next day I went to play at Salt 
               
                  Peter
                   Bank
               



            : there I saw the two boys; they gave me a shilling a piece, and I bought this waistcoat with the money.
Q. Did the prisoner at the bar give you a shilling?
Morris. Yes, he pulled out a great handful of gold; and said, he had no change, or he would have given me more.
Q. You see him pull out gold?
Morris. Yes.
Q. What did you do after you got the two shillings?
Morris. I went home to bed. I live in Winford-street, Whitechapel.
Q. Where is Salt-peter Bank?
Morris. In Rag Fair.
Q. How came you there?
Morris. I went to play in the first field going into the back lane.
Q. Did you use to go there?
Morris. No.
Q. Had they told you to meet them there?
Morris. No.
Q. Can you tell what colour the cloaths were?
Morris. No, it was dark.


                  Matthew
                   Rainsford
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the bar with 
               
                  Hannah
                   Waters
               



            . They had the bank notes. 
               
                  Hannah
                   Waters
               



             went out to buy two frocks, or what we call countrymens white smocks, to disguise them; they were going over to France.
Q. How do you know but that they might want to wear such frocks as these?
Rainsford. I will swear they did not.
Q. What was the woman's name?
Rainsford. It was Waters; I saw the notes in her hand in my own room in Tooley-street.
Q. When was this?
Rainsford. It was on a Sunday; they had some Jews after them: Waters said she was going to France.
Q. What passed when you was all together?
Rainsford. She shewed a forty-five and a ten pound note; she went and buried them under my room.
Q. Where was the prisoner at the bar when she shewed the notes?
Rainsford. He was not there.
Q. Did she go to buy the frocks to disguise them?
Rainsford. She had bought them, and said they were going by the Dover machine.
Q. Was the prisoner there then?
Rainsford. No.
Court. Then that is not evidence?
Q. Had you any conversation about these notes with the prisoner?
Rainsford. No.


                  Sarah
                   Rainsford
               



            . The prisoner and Waters came to my house: one Walker was there; the prisoner came to her; Waters and he had the frocks: then they went out and talked together for a quarter of an hour, and I suppose that she gave the boys the notes.
Prisoner's Defence.
One Paget came to me and asked for 
               
                  Thomas
                   Waters
               



            ; this was a night or two before the robbery. I told him I did not know him; he said, if I would not tell him where he was, if ever it laid in his power he would hang me; about a night after this robberry was done, he then got the boy Morris to swear it against me. He got him to his house and kept him several days, promising that if he would swear against me he would give him money to bind him out apprentice; he then took him to the Rotation at Whitechapel and got him swore in, so I was taken up. My lord, please to look into Paget's character, he has been cast for transportation; and as for Morris, he is a common thief.
Paget. My lord, I attend the Rotation in Whitechapel; if your lordship please to examine into my character I am ready to answer. 




               Guilty of stealing the coat and waistcoat
            . 


               T
            .
