





689. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARGARET
                      ALSOP
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a bed bolster, value 2 s. a copper tea-kettle, value 1 s. two linen sheets, value 4 s. one bed rug, value 1 s. and two blankets, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George
                            Whitroe
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room let by contract to the said Margaret
            , Sept. 25
. *


                  George
                   Whitroe
               



            . I live in High-street, Westminster


: my wife let the lodgings to the prisoner ready furnished; she took possession about the middle of last August; about a month after she was missing; I enquired and found she had taken a lodging in Peter's-street; I went to her and asked her why she did not come; she said she would not come till she had put the things into the room; we waited a week, and then I heard she was taken up for robbing another person; I went to her to the prison, and she said she would send my wife word where our things were; she said a rug, two blankets and a sheet were in possession of one Steel a pawnbroker in the Ambury; a bolster and a tea kettle, at Mr. Barrat's, in Tottle-street; and one sheet at Mr. Worthy's in Tottle-street; I went and found the things, and had her before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            .
Q. She made no difficulty to tell you she had pawned them at these places?
Whitroe. No.
(The goods were produced by the pawnbrokers, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I took a room of this man and pledged two or three of the things for money to go to market; his wife knew it and agreed to let me take them out as I could; I endeavoured to bring them in as fast as I could; I never gave up the key; I brought in one saucepan and an iron, and the Sunday following gave her eighteen pence in money; she said she would be content to have the things as I could give them her; I could not get it so fast as I could wish to get it; when I was taken to prison, he came and said if I would tell where the things were, he would take them out at his own expence and make a debt of it, and I should pay him one shilling a week or what I could, and that he would not hurt me; so I told him where all the things were.
Q. to Whitroe. Did you promise to take it at a shilling a week, or make any promise to her?
Whitroe. No.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
