







101, 102. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Field
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William
                      Hawke
                  



               
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing a leather pocket book, value 2 s. and a bank note, value 20 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Gordon
                        



                     
                  , Esq
; privately from his person
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Dec. 29

. ||
Mr. Gordon. On the twenty-ninth of December I was handing some ladies out of the Opera house into a coach. I clapped my hand to my pocket and missed my pocket book. It was in my right-hand coat pocket; there was a twenty pound bank note in it which had been in it about a week. I had seen it in my pocket book, I believe, that very morning. I did not know when it was taken. A little boy, David Roades, came to me three or four days ago with a bill of exchange that was in the pocket book. I stoped the boy, and by that means came at a knowledge of the prisoners. We got a search warrant, and at Hawkes's house we found my pocket book, (produced and deposed to.) The bill of exchange had been paid two month before. I have never seen the bank note since.


                  John
                   Roades
               



            . I sent 
               
                  David
                   Roades
               



            , my brother, with this bill of exchange to Mr. Gordon's. I had it from Hawke the third or fourth of this month. Field was present and said, I night pass it very well, for he had passed a twenty pound note three or four days before. They both came together twice to see if I had got it off; I was confined in Tothil-fields for an assault, and there I became acquainted with them. They asked me for the note again, and Hawke said, he would get it off himself. I gave it him, but he gave it me back again, and said, If you can make any thing of it do, if not, you had better burn it, or we shall be transported. They came to me last Monday at my father's, in Union-street, Oxford Road; they wanted the note. I would not give it them. I intended to send it to Mr. Gordon to get the money.
Q. Had you advised with your father or any body about it?
Roades. No, my father did not know any thing of it.
Q. Was you in company with them at the Opera House on the twenty-ninth of December.
Roades. No.


                  Jonathan
                   Raine
               



            . I am a mason. I have employed Roades's father two or three years, and three of his sons. When Roades was in prison about this note, the father went in search of the two prisoners from his son's information: they desired me to be present at the searching Hawke's lodgings: in the bottom of a drawer we found this pocket book; it was shewn to the prisoners. Hawke said, it belonged to Field: Field said, he lodged at Hawke's and left it there. Hawke and his wife had made use of it, for there were some pawn-broker tickets in it. which Hawke's wife acknowledged belonged to them.
Field's Defence.
I have had many a twenty pound note of my own property.
Hawkes Defence.
I was going to the play with my wife's sister and Mr. Field. Roades came up and walked with us; I did not know him at first; he saw me pull my watch out; and wanted to buy it; he got from me; he was to give me two guineas and a half for it; he gave me a guinea; Mr. Field gave him his watch; he gave him nothing. We were several times after him about the money.
Hawke called 
               
                  Thomas
                   Furnace
               



            , and - Jameson, who gave him a good character.
Field 


               guilty of stealing, but not privately, from the person
            . 


               T
            .
Hawke 

               Guilty
            



               T. 14 years
            .
