





382. (L) 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL
                      GOLDSMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel
                            Colmer
                        




                     
                   on the 10th of April
, about the hour of ten in the night, and stealing two woollen cloth coats, value forty shillings; a woollen cloth waistcoat, value twenty shillings; a pair of woollen cloth breeches, value 20 s. a woollen great coat, value 20 s. a quilted sattin waistcoat, value 23 s. 2 dimity waistcoats, value 2 s. a woollen cloth cloak, value 5 s. three linen sheets, value 12 s. three linen shirts value 3 s. two linen table cloths, value 2 s. three linen aprons value 3 s. and a printed cotton bed gown, value 18 d. the property of the said Samuel in his dwelling house
            . ~


                  Mary
                   Colmer
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Samuel
                   Colmer
               



            , my husband is not able to attend; we live in Great Bartholomew Close


, my husband and I went out of town on the 26th of March the Sunday fortnight after we were gone, we heard the house was broke open, we returned home the next day, the 11th of April, and found the house broke open; the windows were all fastened and the door double locked when we went away; when we returned the street door was unlocked, the lock was not broke; up one pair of stairs the door was broke open and the things mentioned in the indictment [repeating them] were taken away; a coat and waistcoat were droped; we found none of the other things.


                  Mary
                   Davenhill
               



            . I keep a house opposite the prosecutor's; I was standing at my door on Monday the 10th of last month about ten at night, it was a very bright moon-light night, I saw the prisoner come from the back of the watchman's box, the watchman was crying the hour; he went up close to the prosecutor's door; I saw him turn his hand, but I saw no key in it; the door opened and he went in: I informed Wm Tutt, who was in our house, and he fetched the watchman; the watchman and I and Tutt went up to the door; the watchman pushed against it, and the door opened; then the prisoner put his head out at the door and said, holloa, my friend, what do you want here, then the watchman asked the prisoner if he lived there, he said, Yes, and the maid was gone to light a candle, I said, he did not live there, for the fa mily who lived there were out of town, he was then within the door, and the door a jar that I could just see his face; he repeated it that he did live there and the maid was gone to light the candle, he then run out, and run away, we called out stop thief and he was stopped by a watchman, he dropped two waistcoats and a red cloak inside the door, I am sure the prisoner is the man, he had the same cloaths on he has now and white stockings.
The two waistcoats and red cloak were produced in court and deposed to by 
               
                  Mary
                   Colmore
               



            .


                  Daniel
                   Donally
               



             the watchman who was first called and 
               
                  William
                   Tutt
               



            , confirmed the evidence of the last witness.


                  Henry
               


             M'Cray. I am a watchman in Bartholomew Close, upon hearing the cry of stop thief, I met the prisoner and told him if he did not stop I would knock him down, he stopped very readily, I collared him and he went with me back to the house that was broke open, I went in and examined the house, I believe the locks were all opened with a pick lock key.

Elieazer Chater. I am a constable of the parish, I was charged with the prisoner, I secured him, I found upon him nothing but an old knife and a little old rusty key not longer than my finger.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been at the Jacob's Wells, a public house in Barbican all the evening from six to ten, going through Bartholomew Close, there was a cry of stop thief, they laid hold of me and said I had robbed a house.
For the Prisoner.


                  Jane
                   Robinson
               



            . I keep the Jacobs Well, in Barbican, the prisoner was at my house till about ten o'clock the night he was taken.


                  Ann
                   Cox
               



            . I am servant at the Jacob's Well's, he was at our house that night till past ten o'clock.
The Prisoner called three other witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               Guilty of stealing the goods, but Not Guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


