





387, (L.) 
               
                  
                     ELIAS
                      THOMAS
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               obtaining by false pretences from 
                     
                        
                           Charles
                            Doxey
                        




                     
                  , a large iron chest
            , the property of the said 
               
                  Charles
                   Doxey
               



            , September 21st
 ++.


                  Charles
                   Doxey
               



            . I am an iron chest-maker
, in Eagle-street


; on the 21st of September last the prisoner came to me genteelly dressed; with his knocker wig, and said,
"Mr. Doxey
"I want an iron chest: I said, I had plenty;
"he said, he had some property of his own, and
"others under his care, and he desired me to let
"him have a very good one." I told him the one I shew'd him was a very good one, he saw it weigh'd, he a little scrupl'd my weights, but I wish, he had been half as honest as my weights, he desired me to bring it home with a bill and receipt, and gave me this card, (producing it)
"Thomas and Co. Factors, No. 5 Dowgate-hill," He told me to bring it soon or he should be gone on change, a pretty figure to go on change, when I came to the house there was a little boy, I asked for Mr. Thomas, he said he was out, there was another man, his Co.
"O!" says he,
"you have brought the iron chest," he got men to help to get it into the house, he said Thomas was just gone out to get a bank note changed to pay for it; I wanted a little refreshment, I told him, I would go to the Three Crowns with him to get some refreshment, he said it was a bad house and bad company * and so decoyed me to the Falcon in Thames-street, there we drank together, and as I was lame, he said he would go and see if Thomas was come home and he would return to me; I stay'd three hours, then I went to the house to enquire if Thomas was come home, he said no, I asked what was come of the chest, I saw it was not in the passage; he said it was carried up stairs, Thomas came to me the next morning and said I had not left the key nor the bill, he put his hand in his pocket and pulled out a bill and said he had not change enough, and asked me to change a note of seventy pound which he said was due in three days.
* The Three Crowns is in sight of the house the chest was left at, the Falcon is at the other end of the hill.
Q. Did you ever get your chest again.
Doxey. I traced it for a matter of three weeks, before I got it again; I searched the house for the chest but it was too late, the chest was taken away three hours before, it was taken to White Chapel, and there God Almig hty set a curse upon the cart, and would not let it go any further it broke the cart all to pieces.
"
               
                  Luke
                   Marlow
               



            , and 
               
                  Henry
                   Phillips
               



            , who
"were at work in Doxey's shop when Thomas
"came and ordered the chest; confirmed
"Doxey's evidence in that particular. And
"- Flower, another of Mr. Doxey's
"men who went with the chest, confirmed the
"other part of his evidence."


                  John
                   Pearce
               



            . I live at Dowgate Hill, opposite the house, I saw the chest taken away in a cart.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was only a servant to one Millikin, he was a bankrupt not long ago and desired me to buy things in my name, because his credit was bad, he said he had money enough at command to pay.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


