






179. 180. (M.) 
               
                  
                     PATRICK
                      WARD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      LEE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing 70 lb. of lead, value seven shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Master
                        




                     
                  , the said lead being fixed to two empty houses belonging to the said Thomas
            , February 7th
 ||.


                  Thomas
                   Master
               



            . On the 7th of February, there was some lead taken off two houses of mine, the next morning I was informed it was at the watch-house; I went to the watch-house and found the lead and the prisoners in custody; upon an examination the lead fitted the place that my lead had been stole from.


                  Nicholas
                   Huchins
               



            . Last Wednesday between eight and nine in the morning, I and some others saw the prisoners together in Baldock-street; Ward had a sack on his back; having an intimation that lead had been taken away, I pursued them, Ward droped the sack and ran away, but I apprehended Lee, secured the sack and four pieces of lead in it: I took Lee and the lead to the round-house; on pursuing them and crying out thieves, 
               
                  John
                   Pullen
               



             came up.


                  John
                   Pullen
               



            . On hearing the last witness cry stop thieves, I stoped Ward, he begged to be let go and said he had only stole a little lead, I refused to let him go, on which he blasted my eyes and said he wished he had his pistol with him for then he would blow my brains out some people were by, they took his part, they called out and said you old son of a bitch, what business have you to stop him, and they bid him beat my brains out, he struck me several blows, but I secured him and took him to the watch-house.


                  Thomas
                   Hammond
               



            , a plumber. Deposed that he was employed to compare the lead with the place it was taken from and that it fitted in every respect.
The Prisoner in their defence said they were out together and that they found the lead in a pond.
Both 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]





[Branding. See summary.]




[Imprisonment. See summary.]


