





392. (M.) 
               
                  
                     PATRICK
                      DOGGARTY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. a steel watch chain, value 4 d. a stone seal set in base metal, value 1 d. and a brass watch key, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Marin
                     



                  , privately from his person
            , May 15th
. +


                     Thomas
                      Marin
                  




               
            . I am a journeyman taylor
. I lost my watch last Sunday between twelve and five o'clock in the morning; I went home to my lodging at twelve o'clock; there are two beds in the room; the prisoner and another man lay with me; I waked about half after five; I put my hand to my breeches pocket, and missed my watch; I had my breeches on; I did not pull them off because I intended to leave my lodging that night; hearing he did not go to work on the Monday, and knowing he had no money the day before, I had a suspicion of him; I went to the Barleymow, a public house he uses; I heard there that he had been drunk that day; I went on Tuesday morning and found him on the bed at his lodging; I then searched about again for my watch, left I should have laid it down somewhere, as I went to bed in the dark, but could not find it. On the same day I found the prisoner drunk at the Crown in Clear-court; I took him up and had him before the Justice, and there the watch was produced.


                  William
                   Kay
               



            . I am a pawnbroker: the prisoner pawned this watch (producing it) on the 16th of May at our house; I never saw him before.
Prisoner's Defence.
I do not know any thing of the watch; I do not know that I pawned it; I do not know that I ever saw the man till I saw him at Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's.
He called one witness who gave him a good character.




               Guilty of stealing but not privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
