





234 (1st M.) 
               
                  George
                   Carey
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing fifteen linen shirts, value 4 l. seven pair of silk stockings, value 40 s. fourteen linen handkerchiefs, value 14 s. one silk gown, value 10 s. one linen gown, value 10 s. two pair of linen sheets, value 20 s. and four linen table cloths, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah
                      Spicer
                  




               
            , widow
, April 4
. *


                  Sarah
                   Spicer
               



            . I lodge at Mr. Orme's, in Marybone-street, St. James's parish


. I went out about four o'clock in the afternoon, on the fourth of April. I double locked the door. I was sent for home in about a quarter of an hour. When I came back I found my linen tied up in bundles, upon the floor, containing the things mentioned in the indictment (repeats them.) I think they were in three bundles. When I went out, I left some upon a chest of drawers, some upon a horse, and some upon a bed. One parcel was pinned up in a handkerchief, upon one end of the drawers, that contained seven shirts, which were ironed ready to go home. I did not miss any thing out of the room. The prisoner was in the shop when I came back.


                  Alice
                   Macaulay
               



            . I have the shop and two rooms in the house. Mrs. Spicer desired my boy to have an eye to her door whilst she was out, as there was nobody in the house besides me. I saw her go out. About two minutes after, I heard the latch of the door which goes into the passage lift up. I went to the door, and asked the prisoner who he wanted. He had opened the door, it was on Monday; he said he wanted Mrs. Jones, the washerwoman. I told him no such person lodged in the house. He went out, and latched the door after him. That passage leads up stairs. In a quarter of an hour after, Mrs. Smith came home, and went up stairs: she came down, and told me two young men had taken a candle from her: that there were two young men in Mrs. Spicer's room. We bolted the door, and ran up stairs. They both slipped down stairs; I saw nobody. They slipped down stairs while she was gone up to her own room. I saw the three bundles tied up in the room. I went to Mrs. Spicer's son. Whilst we were talking of it, Mrs. Smith saw two men coming by. She said the prisoner was the man that took the candle out of her hand. Two women pursued them, and Mrs. Barns brought him back. I am sure he is the man that unlatched the door. He denied he had been in the room.
Mrs. Smith. I lodged at Mr. Orme's. I came home about four o'clock. I went up stairs, and brought a candle to Mrs. Spicers, I knocked at her door, and asked to light it; I wanted to light my fire. The prisoner opened the door; I asked him to light my candle; he gave it to another man in the room. He blowed at the fire, and endeavoured to light some paper, but could not. I asked them for my candle again; they were some time before they gave it me. I said I would go down stairs and light it. I went up and locked my own door, and then went down stairs: When I came to the door, the prisoner was shutting-to the door; he held it against me; he was on the outside. I pulled it open at last, and passed by him. I went into Mrs. Macaulays room, and asked to light my candle. In about twenty minutes, Mrs Barns brought the prisoner into the shop.
Q. Did you hear him say any thing about his having been in the room?
Smith. Not then. Whilst I stood at the door, I saw the prisoner, and the other man, pass by: I said they were the two men that I saw in the room. One Mrs. Barnes ran out after them, and brought back the prisoner. The other got away.
Q. to the Prosecutrix. Was the lock broke?
Spicer. No.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to ask for one Mrs. Jones, a washerwoman; the woman said she was not there. I was looking up and down the street to find her, and a woman brought me back and detained me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
