






138, 139. (M.) 
               
                  
                     DAVID
                      BANKS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     PATRICK
                      FENLEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing six pieces of woollen cloth, value 10 d. and one silk and cotton handkerchief, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Paxton
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            , Dec. 14
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Paxton
               



            . I was going to the Minories on Saturday the 14th of December. While I was in Butcher-row, Lower East-Smithfield


, I lost some remnants of cloth. I felt a hand go out of my pocket. I looked over my shoulder, and saw the prisoners and another man running across the street into a passage. I was afraid they would knock me on the head if I went after them; so I stopt, and they came out again in the main street, and said, Now we have got it, we don't know what to make of it. I took Fenley by the breast, and said, You are the man that picked my pocket. He swore a great oath, and said he would knock me down with a carman's whip; and when the mob came up, and encreased, they got away. We went after them as far as the Hermitage, where we took Fenley, and carried him into the Sun, the bottom of Nightingale-lane. I never found my things again. I am certain these are the people that robbed me. I looked over my shoulder, and saw enough of them to know them.
Q. Should you know the third person that is not taken?
Paxton. Yes; when I collared Fenley, the other was close by, and bid him knock me down.
Q. from the Prisoners. Why did not you lay hold of us before we went into the passage?
Paxton. Because I was alone, and could not encounter with three?
- Brown. I was passing by; seeing a mob, I stopped. and saw the two prisoners and another man; one had a whip. I went with the prosecutor, when they run away, to take them. When they came out of the mob, the tall man had the horse-whip. We followed them to the end of Nightingale-lane.
Q. Are you sure the men you saw at the end of Nightingale-lane, were the same as came out of the passage?
Brown. I cannot positively say: he said he could swear to all three of them. Banks came in to vindicate the other; I believe they swore pretty much, and he asked Fenley if he knew him; he said, No, d - n your eyes, I never saw you in my life before.
Banks's Defence.
I was just come from Deptford; I came through Wapping, and I went away as far as from here to Newgate, where I stopped to make water. A man came up to me, and asked what I was peeping into the window for. I said, to see what was the matter. He said, he believed I was one concerned, and I should go with him. I asked what he meant by that, and made a resistance, and I asked if he knew me. He said, No; he broke out of the watch-house; and I do not know whether this is the lad that was in the watch-house with me or no.
Fenley's Defence.
I was going to my aunt's when this man laid hold of me in Nightingale-lane. He took me to the justice. The next day he went to my mother, and asked her to give him 4 s. 6 d. for the cloth. He could not swear to me before the justice. He went to my mother again to ask her for a guinea, and said, if she would not give him a guinea, he would make the witness swear, and then he swore at the justice's that I was the person. I am used to the Sea.
Q. to Paxton. Did you offer to take 4 s. 6 d. the morning after for your cloth?
Paxton. No. On Monday night I could not see what colour his face was. The justice asked if I could swear to him. I said, no. He said he would remand him back to prison. On the Friday morning his face was clean, and as soon as I saw him, I knew he was the man.
Q. Did you offer to take a guinea, half-guinea, or any money, to make it up?
Paxton. No; they offered to give me something. I said, if they would go to Justice Sherwood, and he would discharge them on that account, he might.
Both 


               guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            . 



               T
            .
