







436, 437. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William
                      Smith
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Martha
                      Walker
                  



               
            , spinster, were indicted for 


               stealing two child's robes, value 14 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles
                            Dove
                        



                     
                  , one linen shirt, value 1 s. one red flannel petticoat, value 1 s. and one linen pillow case, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Hodgson
                        



                     
                  , and one dimity bed gown, value 2 s. one linen sheet, value 1 s. two linen shirts, value 2 s. two pair of cotton stockings, value 1 s. one pair of thread stockings, value 6 d. one pair of worstead stockings, value 6 d. two linen shifts, value 1 s. and one linen table cloth, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Milman
                  



               
            , June 14
.


                  Eleanor
                   Dove
               



            . I lost the things, mentioned in the indictment, out of my yard in Mulman's Row, Chelsea


, either the 14th, late at night, or the 15th, early in the morning; I take in washing; I had hung them up to dry.
Q. Who did the child's robes belong to? Dove. To a child I nursed, belonging to one Mr. Crofts in the city.
Q. Do you know what became of them?
Dove. They were carried to pawn to one Sabberton, who stopped them; they are here. (producing them.)


                  Elizabeth
                   Hodgson
               



            . I lost a linen sheet out of the garden, a red flannel petticoat and a pillow-case; I saw them before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            ; these are my property, (producing them.)


                  Jane
                   Milman
               



            . I live in Milman's Row; I lost a bed gown, a sheet, two shirts, two shifts, six pair of stockings, thread, worsted, and cotton, and a table cloth; when Walters was taken, she said they were buried under ground at Smith's lodgings in Church-lane, Chelsea; we went there; we found them buried under the stairs.
Q. Were you, Mrs. Dove and Mrs. Hodgson present?
Dove and Hodgson. Yes.
Milman. Here is a sheet, a shirt, and two pair of stockings, and several other things which are not mine; I have not half the things I have lost.
- Sabberton. I am a pawnbroker; we had an information given at our shop in Germain-street, St. James's, that such things were stolen; in about five minutes after that information, Walker, the prisoner, offered these things to pawn. I stopped this sheet, the child's robe, petticoat, and a pillow-bier, (producing them) which she offered me to pledge; the other things I found upon her, when I took her into our parlour, wrapped up in a cloth: she first told me they were her own; then she said they belonged to a cousin of her's.


                  George
                   Harrison
               



            . I am a constable at Chelsea; I had a search warrant to search this Mrs. Taylor's house; we found these things buried about three feet under ground, in the prisoner's apartment; he lodged in Mr. Taylor's house.
Q Where was he?
Harrison. I don't know.
Q. What led you to go to Smith's lodgings?
Harrison. They both live together.
Q. So this was as much in her apartment as his?
Harrison. Yes.
Q. And the stairs I suppose belong to the house?
Harrison. No; the stairs come very near their bed side; there is no coming at them without going into his apartments.
Q. to Mrs. Dove and Milman. Are your gardens walled:
Dove and Milman. Yes, some part of it.
Smith's Defence.
I was at the King's Arms that night; I found a couple of bundles as I came home; we opened them; the next morning the woman went to London and pledged some of them; she was stopped; I heard such and such things were stolen out of a yard; I made the best of my way after her, but before I could come to her she was stopped; I went to see her, and delivered myself up to the turnkey: they took me before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            ; he set me about my business; about an hour afterwards they took me up again and sent me to Tothill-field's Bridewell; it was in my room where the things was; there is a back door goes out into the road.
Court. Can any body go in at that door to the place?
Smith. No, there is another door.
Walker's Defence.
I know nothing of the things, only carrying them to the pawnbroker's.
For the Prisoners.


                  Lydia
                   Taylor
               



            . They lodged at my house sixteen months; I never saw any ill behaviour of them; they had three sheets of mine; they pledged them, and I had them again.
Q. Can you tell me any thing of this hole in the stairs?
Taylor. Nobody could get at it but the prisoners.
Both 

               Guilty
            , 



               T
            .
