






44. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS
                      LEWIS
                  



               
             was indicted for that he 


               on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        William
                         Hinchcliffe
                     



                  , did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person a silver watch, value 40 s. the property of the said William
            , Sept. 5

. +


                     William
                      Hinchcliffe
                  



               
            . I was robbed the 5th of Sept. in a chaise, about eight in the evening, by three men, between the Small-Pox-Hospital



 and the turnpike that leads into Tottenham-court-road



 in the New Road, within about 300 yards of Tottenham-court turnpike; three persons came up to me, stopped me, and demanded my money; I told them I had none; I gave them my watch, and desired them not to use me ill; I saw one pistol; I do not know whether they had two or no.
Q. Did you see their persons?
Hinchcliffe. No, only one, that was Murphy; he was convicted last sessions and has been executed since.
Q. Do you know the prisoner?
Hinchcliffe. No, I do not.


                  John
                   Plenius
               



            . On the 5th of September, in the evening, Count and Steadman came to my house in a chaise, and told me their master's son had been robbed a little before, and desired me to go with them; I got my horse and pistol, and followed the chaise; we turned into the duke of Bedford's road; then I turned back again, and met these men coming up the New Road; I passed them, and went on to Gray's-inn-lane-road; there I saw three young men; they went through the rails into the road; they swore several oaths that a carriage was coming, and that they intended to rob it; I went up the road as if I would go into Gray's-inn-lane; when I got out of their sight, I dismounted by the new houses, and walked up towards the three men, and made my horse serve as a screen to me, till I came within about twenty yards of them.
Q. Was it dark?
Plenius. No, it was moon light; it grew lighter and lighter. I heard them say they would attack that chaise that was coming up the New Road.
Q. Which said that?
Plenius. I do not know; they said in case they should be attacked, they would fire and would kill. They went towards the chaise; I followed them till they turned round the corner of Gray's-inn-lane Road up into the New Road, where the chaise came up; one of them went in the foot path, another on the outside of the posts, and the third, which is the prisoner, went into the middle of the road; he in the foot path was Murphy; he was a little before the other; he went round the chaise; Earle came on the other side and the prisoner stopped the horses; I mounted my horse by the turnpike that goes to Pancras; the chaise came toward the turnpike; I went further up to the right of the road; I saw them attack the chaise, and heard them demand their money; I waited a little to see if the young men delivered their money; there were some words between them; I rode up to them; Earle lay upon the ground, and Lewis and Murphy were together; Earle cried out, d - n your eyes, fire! and Lewis to the best of my knowledge fired, and then I fired at him; when they found I had fire arms they run away.
Q. Could you distinguish with certainty whether Lewis or Murphy fired?
Plenius. No; one of them did. One of them was taken by Count; I followed the other two; Murphy got through the rails into the field; I could not go after him; I followed Lewis; I kept him from the rails, and some persons that followed us on foot secured him: he was never out of my sight.
- Steadman. 
               
                  John
                   Count
               



             and I were in the chaise; we were attacked by three men.
Q. How near was Plenius to you when you were attacked?
Steadman. I believe a hundred yards or upwards; I did not see him; he went before us, came back, and returned again; one of the men took hold of each side the horse, and demanded our money; I asked if it was money they wanted; they said, yes. I chopped at Murphy with my hanger, and cut him on the shoulder. I saw the little one (Earle) then, and cut him down; the other attempted to fire, but the pistol did not go off; he run back: there were some people behind; I called out to them, Stop him, that is one of them! and Lewis was taken; I believe he is the man.
Q. You do not swear to his person?
Steadman. He is the person to the best of my judgement but I cannot be sure.
Q. There was a firing from one I believe?
Steadman. Mr. Plenius I believe fired; I heard report, I thought it then at a great distance from us, I could not be positive who fired.
Q. Plenius says one fired first?
Steadman. I am positive that pistol did not go off; I saw no more than a flash in the pan.
Q. Was Hinchcliffe's watch ever found?
Steadman. No.


                  John
                   Count
               



            . I was in the chaise; we were attacked by three men; one held the horse's head, and the other two came, one on each side of the chaise, with pistols in their hands, and demanded our money; Steadman said what do you want? they said money; he said it is our money is it, and struck one down; with that we both got out of the chaise directly; he got to Earle, and struck him in the head, upon which Earle cried out, d - n your eyes, fire! why don't you fire? upon that a pistol flashed in the pan, but did not go off; then he threw the pistol away and ran off; Steadman halloo'd out, Stop him, that is one of them! in consequence of which he was stopped.
Q. to Plenius. How long after Steadman and Count had acquainted you that Hinchcliffe had been robbed was this attack made?
Plenins. The highest time might be half an hour, from the time of their coming to me till the chaise was attacked.
Q. About what o'clock was it when you fired?
Plenius. About nine.
Q. Did not Earle in the other trial say something about the watch?
Plenius. Yes; he said Murphy who got off had the watch.
The prisoner, in his defence, denied his having robbed Hinchcliffe, and attacked the chaise.
For the Prisoner.


                  Joseph
                   Perry
               



            . I have known him fourteen years; I never heard any ill of him till this unhappy affair.
Q. Is he a single man or has he a family?
Perry. I don't know.


                  Elizabeth
                   Rose
               



            . I have known him a great many years; I never heard any harm of him.
Q. Do you know whether he is a single or married man?
Perry. Single.
Q. Do you know whether he was in work at time?
Perry. No.


                  Jane
                   Arbutbnot
               



            . It have known him upwards of seventeen years; I never heard a bad thing of him before this.
Q. Do you know where he worked last?
Arbuthnot. No.


                  Rees
                   Davis
               



            . I have known him between eight and nine years; I never knew any harm of him.
Q. Do you know where he has worked?
Davis. I am not acquainted with his master.



                  Benjamin
                   Lewis
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother; I keep a butcher's shop in Oxford-market; I never heard a bad thing of him in my life before this.
Q. Do you happen to know where he worked at this time?
Lewis. No.


                  Benjamin
                   Veals
               



            . I have known him twenty-two years; he came of good parents; I never heard any harm of him.


                  Joseph
                   Dennington
               



            . I have known him eleven or twelve years; I never heard any thing bad of him before.
Q. Do you know where he worked last?
Deminngton. No.



               Acquitted
            .
(2d M.) He was a second time indicted for that he 


               on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Steadman
                        



                     
                   did make an assault, with intent the money and effects of the said John to steal
            , against the statute.
The evidence on this trial were Steadman, Count and Plenius whose testimony was the same as on the last trials.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See the trial of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Murphy
               



            , and 
               
                  Charles
                   Earle
               



            , No. 714 and 715 last sessions.
