






125. (M) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      CLARKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one china punch-bowl, value 10 s. four linen bed curtains, value 20 s. one blanket, value 9 s. and one linen sheet, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Coles
                        



                     
                  , the said goods being in a certain lodging-room let by contract by the said John to the said James
            , Sept. 5

. ||



               Acquitted
            .
(M.) 
               
                  JAMES
                   CLARKE
               



             was a second time indicted for 


               stealing a linen sheet, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Baker
                        



                     
                  , the said sheet being in a certain lodging-room let by contract to the said James
            , Dec. 13

. ||


                  Mary
                   Baker
               



            . My husband lives at Islington. We let the prisoner ready furnished lodgings about the 6th of December, and I missed the sheet off the bed on the 13th. I saw the sheet a week before when he took the room. He was stopt for another robbery, and then I went to see what was gone out of our room, and missed the sheet. He confessed having stole it, and said he pawned it at Mr. Wildman's at Islington. I went there and found it. (The sheet produced, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
- Wildman. I am a pawn-broker. I had this sheet from the prisoner on Saturday the 7th of December.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not leave the lodgings; I intended to have released it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
