






297. 298, (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      PRIGG
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL
                      ROBINSON
                  



               
             were indicted for that they 


               in the king's highway, in and upon 
                     
                        Abigail
                         Potter
                     



                  , spinster, did make an assault, putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and taking from her person, a piece of foreign silver coin, value 2 s. the property of the said Abigail
            , February 18th
. *


                     Abigail
                      Potter
                  




               
            . I live at Mr. Reynolds's at Kensington; I know, the prisoners very well: on the 18th of February coming from the Gravel-Pitts towards Kensington


, between seven and eight o'clock at night, it was a very light night; a Mr. Vevers and Mrs. Glayre were with me; three men came after us; the prisoners were two of these three men; I took particular notice of them, so that I am sure of their persons, for I stood ten minutes before they spoke to me; the third man who is not here, took a pistol from Grigg as I think, and presented the pistol to Mr. Vevers's breast: he took Mr. Vevers's watch, and then demanded his money; Mr. Vevers gave them a guinea; they were not satisfied with that; he gave them another guinea, and said he had no more; then they took three shillings from Mrs. Glayre; after that they came to me and demanded my money; I delivered them a piece of silver; they asked me what it was? I said half a crown; it was not so big as a half-crown; it was not English coin; they took that and then they went away.


                  Henry
                   Vevers
               



            . I had been with Mrs. Potter and Mrs. Glayre on the 18th of February towards the Gravel-Pitts; in returning we heard a noise of some people following us; I turned round, and saw three men; one said Hollow! clear the road; we made way for them to pass; but instead of going forward they stopped, turned round to us, and said D - n you, your lives or your money; I asked what they meant? they said they werethree poor boys out of place, and money they wanted! and money they would have! after they had robbed me of a guinea a pistol was produced by one of them; he gave it to another; I cannot remember the men; they might be about five minutes in committing this robbery; after they had robbed me of a guinea one catched my watch out of my pocket; Mrs. Glayre said do give the gentleman his watch again; one of the men said d - n it I will not return the watch unless I have more money: upon which I gave the man another guinea, but he never returned the watch; they said if we did not deliver they would shoot us; I was in confusion at the time; I will not undertake to swear to either of the prisoners being the men that robbed us.
Q. from the prisoners. You now speak of the 18th of February: whether you did not say before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             you was robbed the 27th of February?
Vevers. I do not remember that I did, for I gave the day in a note to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            .


                  Elizabeth
                   Glayre
               



            . I was with Mr. Vevers and Miss Potter when they were robbed; coming towards Kensington from the Gravel-Pitts, three men came up and desired us to give way, which we did; then the three men pushed us up against the wall, and desired us to deliver our money, or they said they would blow our brains out; they went first to Mr. Vevers; I saw them take his watch; I was frightened and did not take particular notice of them, so that I cannot swear to their persons; the prisoners resemble two of the men that robbed us very much; afterwards they robbed Miss Potter; one produced a pistol, and gave it to another; they robbed me of three shillings, and Miss Potter of a pocket piece.


                  John
                   Scott
               



            . I am a constable of St. Giles's; I found a horse pistol in Robinson's apartment.
The prisoners in their defence denied the charge, but called no witnesses.
Both 

               Guilty
            , 



               Death
            .
