





246. (M. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     William
                      Taylor
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 20 lb. weight of sugar, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Murrall
                  




               
            , March 28
. *


                  Rich.
                   Murrall
               




            . I live in St. John's-street, and am book-keeper

 to 
               
                  Tho.
                   Rogers
               



            , of Sherrington's waggon, at the Windmill-inn


. He carries goods to Newport-Pagnell, Onley, and other places, and we always take care in loading to put those goods in first that are to go farther, so that we have often a pretty many different sorts of parcels standing about between the warehouse and the waggon. On the 28th of March we had three separate loaves of sugar, and seven separate parcels tyed up in paper, directed for J. Jackson, Newport-Pagnell, brought in the afternoon in a cart, and put down by the warehouse together, in order for loading. I saw them there. I was sent for to the Golden Lion, in the same street, and left the goods in the care of 
               
                  Robert
                   Rogers
               



             and 
               
                  Isaac
                   Freeman
               



            . I was very soon sent for back; this was about nine in the evening. The prisoner and sugar were then in the house, he desired favour. I told him, he should have as much as he had merited.


                  Robert
                   Rogers
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Murral. On the 28th of March I took the things he has mentioned, out of Mr. Cinton's cart, three loaves and seven parcels, all separate things. I put them down on flats and hampers by the warehouse-door. I had a candle in my hand, weighing some things to put in the waggons. I heard a russling of paper and things behind me. I turned about, and did not see any body. I came nearer these parcels; then I missed a lump of sugar. I went behind some baskets; there I saw the prisoner with this lump, holding it by the string under his court. (Produced in court, Direction, J. Jackson, Newport-Pagnell.) He seemed to be in a great flurry. I took him by the collar; he dropped the sugar, and wanted to push away from me. The porter assisted me with him into the house. He said, he was very sorry for what he had done.


                  Isaac
                   Freeman
               



            . After Mr. Rogers had the prisoner by the collar, I saw the lump in the prisoner's hand, and saw him drop it, and attempt to go away.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did go up the yard, and was very full of liquor.
He called 
               
                  Tho.
                   Goldsbury
               



            , a born-camb maker, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Bradshaw
               



            , and 
               
                  William
                   Maylin
               



            , a porter, who said he was a porter
, and always bore an honest character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
