





197. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOSHUA
                      SOLOMONS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden half firkin, value 2 d. and 24 lb. of butter, value 12 s. and 4 lb. of cheese, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Brown
                  




               
            , Jan. 25
. ||


                  Richard
                   Brown
               



            . I live at Greenwich; I drive the Greenwich stage
 . On the 25th of January I lost a firkin of butter and some cheese out of the boot of my coach; I saw it put in, in Gracechurch-street


. The butter was taken out while I was gone to call two passengers. Whatever is lost out of the coach I am answerable for.


                  Henry
                   Gadsden
               



             . I am a ticket porter. On the 25th of January, at night, about ten minutes before six o'clock, half a firkin of butter was delivered to me ; I put it into the boot of the coach; I saw Brown by; he was attending upon some passengers while it was put in; there was some cheese, I cannot tell how much; the prisoner took it out of the boot of the coach; I was at some distance, and the prisoner's back towards me; I saw him deliver it to another person, who went off with it as far as the head of the horses; the passengers were on the near side , and the prisoner on the off side; the prisoner in stepping back from the place, after he had delivered it out, tumbled down between the wheel and the wheel iron; upon this I saw the man go as far as the horses; I ran up and caught him; at first there was a great tustle between me and the man that had the butter; for the prisoner calling out, the man came from the horses heads and put the butter into the boot; then he came and hit me with a stick over my arm, and numbed me so that I could not keep my hold; upon that I changed hands and took hold of him with the other hand; we fought together some time; at last I took him away, and then he went to where Brown was, who was gone to call the passengers; I had a tustle with him again, and threw him down; I got more assistance and secured him.
Q. Are you sure that is the same cask that was carried away?
Gadsden. I had marked it. ( Looks at the bottom for the mark).
Q. When was it you made it?
Gadsden. Not when it went away but when Mr. Brown brought it back.
Q. Do you know it?
Gadsden. I read the direction when it went down; I always do; I cannot exactly tell you the gentleman's name, but I am sure it is John somebody, Esq; at Greenwich, or some such name. I did not see his face at that distance to distinguish it, but could have seen any body at that distance that did take it out; but at the time that he took it out he slipped down; I am very-sure that he is the man. When I took the prisoner he said that he was only going to get hay out of the boot for his rabbits.
The prisoner called several witnesses, who said he sold-oranges and lemons, and bore a very good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
