






360, 361. (M). 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      DOWLING
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      COLEMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               ripping, catting, and stealing 300 lb. of lead, value 43 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Nathaniel
                            Templeman
                        




                     
                  , gent.
 and being affixed to his dwelling house
            .
A second count charged it to be the property of the Hon. Society of Lincoln's Inn, and affixed to their house, Feb. 17. *


                  Thomas
                   Clark
               



            . I am bricklayer to the society of Lincoln's Inn: I was sent for to measure the place where the lead was taken from, and was directed to go to justice Welch, to measure some lead that had been stopped at a broker's; I did, and found it tallied in length and breadth with the place from whence the lead was stolen.
John Brown. This lead (producing it) was brought from justice Welch's, yesterday, to the grand jury, and left at Mr. Clark's till this morning. I stopped Edges with this lead on his shoulder, in Hog-lane, and brought him to justice Welch's; I thought from the quantity it was stole; Edges told me Coleman and Dowling were concerned in stealing of it, and directed me to his house in Mutton-lane; I went there and found him in a two pair of stairs room; he jumped out of the window, and I took him in the yard. Dowling confessed before justice Welch that they were all three concerned in the robbery; I found this ladder (producing it, about five feet high) on the staircase, where the lead was stole from, with about 14 lb. of lead; Dowling said it was his ladder; it has the initials of his name upon it.


                  Catherine
                   Bates
               



            . I live at No. 13, Lincoln's Inn


: the lead was stole on the 17th of Feb
. I saw the ladder on the stair-case; and I saw Dowling, Coleman, and Edges on the staircase the 17th in the afternoon: I did not hear of the lead being stole till the next day.


                  Ann
                   Brinley
               



            . I am employed at No. 13, in Lincoln's-inn. On the 17th of February the lead was taken from the top of the house. In the afternoon about three o'clock, I saw three men on the stair case; the two prisoners are two of the men; they brought a ladder, a board of mortar, and a hammer (producing it); I found it the next morning at the trap door going on to the leads; it is a cutting instrument as well as a hammer.
Q. from Coleman. What clothes had I on?
Bates. I did not take notice of their clothes: I think Dowling had a red waistcoat; Dowling came and asked me for a shovel; I gave him a holey one; he came a little after and asked me for a birch broom; he said they were come to mend the top of the house.
Q. Who said that?
Bates. Coleman.
Q. from Dowling. What became of the shovel?
B ates. That boy brought it again to me.
Q. from Coleman. Did you see us take any thing away?
Bates. I did not.

Coleman's Defence.
I am as innocent of it as the child unborn.
Dowling's Defence.
I am as innocent of it as the child unborn. I was going to get a pint of beer, the man laid hold of me and said I was a thief, and used me very ill, and sent for a constable; going to St. Giles's they asked if I had any money in my pocket; if I would drop a trifle they would let me go.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
