





415. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      STEPHENSON
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver salt holders, value 40 s. a sattin cloak, value 1 l. 3 s. two silk gowns, value 3 l. a black russel petticoat, value 20 s. a laced handkerchief, value 6 s. a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. a cotton bed gown, value 18 d. a check apron, value 1 s. a linen shift, value 2 s. and a linen cap, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        Margaret
                         Caton
                     



                  , spinster, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Henry
                         Smith
                     



, Feb. 16th
. ++


                     Margaret
                      Caton
                  




               
            . I lodge at Mr. Smith's, a confectioner, at Marybone


; the prisoner was my servant
. On the 16th of February I went out about eight at night and left her in the room; I returned about ten; the prisoner was gone, and I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; I saw no more of her for two months. When I took her she directed me to the pawnbrokers where I found the things.
Q. from the prisoner. Did you leave me in the room?
Caton. No; she was gone of an errand when I went out; I gave her the key and sent her home.


                  William
                   Allen
               



            . The prisoner pawned this cardinal with me for twenty-five shillings (producing it.)


                  James
                   Pagett
               



            . I am a pawnbroker (produces a bed gown, a handkerchief, and a pair of salts); the salts were pawned with me by the prisoner; the other things by another person.
Prisoner's Defence.
When I came to live with Mrs. Caton, she said she had been robbed, and had a great suspicion of her landlord, and said if I would take the things and pawn them, she would make her landlord pay for them; she is a woman of the town.




               Guilty of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            



               T
            .
