





339. (L.) 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one woollen cloth coat, value 10 s. one pair of worsted knit breeches, value 10 s. three linnen shirts, value 10 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 2 s. one linen neckcloth, value 10 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Warner
                        



                     
                  , and one woollen cloth coat, value 10 s. and one woollen cloth waistcoat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Weeks
                  



               
            , Jan. 22d
. ||


                  Thomas
                   Warner
               



            . I am a brass-founder
: I live in Barbican.
Q. What is 
               
                  John
                   Weeks
               



            ?
Warner. A clock-maker
. I live at Mr. Russel's, in Barbican


: I saw the prisoner in my master's yard on a Friday, about a month ago, about half after two in the afternoon.
Q. Did she come there on any business?
Warner. I believe to her brother; her brother works there; she staid about a quarter of an hour; then I went up into my room and missed all my things; that was about four o'clock; they hung up over the head of my bed.
Q. The coat, knit breeches, three shirts, a pair of stockings and a neckcloth?
Warner. Yes. My fellow apprentice and I went to a pawnbroker's; there I found my coat and a pair of stockings.
Q. Where?
Warner. In Bridgewater-gardens.
Q. At whose-house?
Warner. Mrs. Warmsley's; then we went into Golden-lane and found Weeks's coat and waistcoat and my breeches, at Mr. Payne's; then we went home to my master's, and her brother said, I dare say it was my sister, and we went and took her up on suspicion.


                  John
                   Weeks
               



            . I lost a coat and a waistcoat out of my apartment; the same room the former witness missed his from; I found them at Mr. Payne's.


                  Francis
                   Smith
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Payne. I had a coat, waistcoat and breeches pledged by the prisoner, the 22d of January, in the evening between four and five; I know nothing of the prisoner; I do not remember ever seeing her before; she said that her husband was a shoe-maker; that his name was Edwards and her name Ann; that they lived at Mr. Dennison's in Cooper's-court; soon after I took them in, the young men came and enquired after them, and I shewed them to them. (The things produced.)
Warner. These are my breeches.
Weeks. This is my coat and waistcoat.
Q. from the prisoner. When I went to Mr. Smith he denied I was the person?
Smith. I thought she appeared more bulky, and was not sure she was the person.


                  Mary
                   Warmsley
               



            . I have a coat, a shirt, and a pair of stockings; I took them in of the prisoner about three in the afternoon, on Friday the 22d of January. I have seen her at the shop before; I am sure she is the real person. (The things produced and deposed to by Mr. Warner.)
Q. from the prisoner. When I was taken to Mrs. Warmsley she said she did not know me; that night she said she did not know me to be be the real person.
Warmsley. I said I believed she was the real person; she was about her stature and like the voice.
John Corner. I am a constable; I searched the lodging of the prisoner; she went with me; I found two shirts and a neckcloth, she fetched from behind a counter under the safe in the shop.
Prisoner's Defence.
It is true I did pawn the things; the rest I found in my lodgings; they were brought there by a woman that desired me to pawn some of them, and let the rest lay at my house.
For the Prisoner.


                  Mary
                   Banks
               



            . I have known the prisoner about a twelve-month; she kept a shop in Golden-lane about three months ago; I never knew any thing bad of her; she used to come to clean at our house.


                  Susannah
                   Dadley
               



            . I have known the prisoner about two years; I never heard any thing bad of her before this.
Q. Has she a husband?
Dadley. Yes.
Q. Any children?
Dadley. Yes, two; one about eleven years.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
