





292. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      GREATWOOD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth waistcoat trimmed with gold lace, value 10 s. and two pair of worsted stockings, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Carter
                        



                     
                  ; a thickset frock, value 10 s. a linen shirt, value 5 s. a linen neckcloth, value 1 s. a pair of men's leather shoes, value 7 s. and a pair of worsted stockings, value 1 s, 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Martin
                  



               
            , Feb. 2d
. ++


                  John
                   Carter
               



            . I am groom
 to Lord Bateman; Martin is coachman
: Martin lost the things mentioned in the indictment out of the room over the stables; I saw them there about half after nine; they were found missing the next morning at eight o'clock; on missing them I went to Rosemary-lane, to the house of one 
               
                  William
                   Harvey
               



            ; there I found the things. I have known the prisoner about nine weeks. About four o'clock the same day in which the goods were lost, I saw him in the stable yard; the stable was locked up about half after seven. (The goods produced and deposed to.)
- Martin. My clothes were over the stable; I did not see them after four o'clock the day before; I found them missing at eight next morning; Carter found them in Rosemary-lane and brought them to me. (Martin's clothes produced and deposed to by him.)


                  Carter
               


             I went to Rosemary-lane for them on the information the prisoner gave me; he described the house; I went there and found them agreeable to the account he gave.


                  William
                   Harvey
               



            . Carter came to my house and asked for such goods; I delivered them to him; the prisoner brought them to my house.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, but begged the mercy of the court.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
