









778, 779, 780, 781, 782. (L) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      SMITH
                   otherwise 
DOUGHTON




            , 
               
                  
                     LEVI
                      SOLOMON
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     AARON
                      SPENCER
                  



               
            , 
               
                  RICHARD
                   SELL
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      HARLEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing thirty nine bundles of brass pins, weighing eighty lb. value eight pounds
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Dumford
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Simon
                      Bratty
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Henry
                      Deal
                  



               
            , Oct. 11th
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Richards
               



            . I am servant to Messrs. Dumford, Bratty, and Deal, who are pin makers


. On the eleventh of October we had occasion to send three boxes of pins to Tooley-street; they were put in a cart by our porter; there was one of them afterwards missing. I only prove the property.


                  Edward
                   Davis
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Dumford and Co. On the eleventh of this month I packed up one of the boxes of pins to go to Horsley's-wharf, in Tooley-street. I put in three bundles of pins; it was put in a cart with two others; the others were much larger than that; they weighed about two hundred lb. each, this about eighty lb.


                  Robert
                   Maxfield
               



            . I helped to put the boxes into the cart: the carman and I went into the shop, to get directions where they were to go to; during which time, we suppose, the box was taken; we did not miss it till we came to the wharf.


                  John
                   Hewson
               



            , the carman, confirmed the evidence of the last witness.


                  Thomas
                   Bull
               



            . I am a constable. Last Wednesday week I had an information that some thieves were gone down Gravel-lane with a box, to the house of 
               
                  Aaron
                   Spencer
               



            . There was another constable in my shop; we sent for another constable, and went to Spencer's. There we found a box of pins broke open: we asked Spencer who brought it there; he said, he did not know: that he was just come in. This was about seven in the evening; the pins were lost about six the same evening.


                  Thomas
                   Wethers
               



            . I am a constable. I went with Bull to take the prisoners: we found the pins, some on the table, and some on the ground. The prisoners were all in the room together.
Lyon, a constable, who went with Bull and Wethers, and confirmed their evidence.
Smith's Defence.
As I was going down Gravel-lane, about six in the evening, a woman at a window called to me. I went into the house. I had not been in above a minute or two, before the constables came and took me.
Solomon's Defence.
When the constables came in, Spencer said, he did not know who brought the boxes.

Spencer's Defence.
I was at the Cutler's arms in Woolpack alley, I went home; my wife was gone to buy a candle, and had left the door open; when I went in, I found the box of pins, and some men in my room, I desired them to take it away, and the constable came in and took us.
Sell's Defence.
I met with Harley, and asked him to go and drink; as we were going down Gravel-lane, we heard some music in this house; I told him, I knew a young woman that used to live there, and we went in; not finding her, we were going out, the constables met us, and would not let us.
Harley's Defence.
I went into this house with Sell to enquire for a young woman, and the constable came and took us.
For Spencer.


                  Rachel
                   Abrahams
               



            . I am servant to Spencer: My master was out when the box was brought into the house. I was up stairs. I heard a great noise below. As I was coming down, I heard my master come in and cry, hollow, hollow, what are you doing here? take it away. The words were not out of his mouth before the constables came in.


                  Barnard
                   Levy
               



            . I have known Spencer six or seven years; I live opposite to him. On Wednesday week at night, I saw his spouse go out to the chandler's shop; before she returned, I saw some men carry a box into the house. I saw him come home a little after six o'clock by himself.
He called two other witnesses, who gave him a good character.
All Five 

               Guilty
            , 






               T
            

