





27. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      COX
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Scypher
                        



                     
                  : a silver thimble, value 2 s. and two guineas and fifteen pence in money, number'd
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Godfrey
                      Schutz
                  



               
            . Nov. 16
. ++


                  John
                   Smith
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Rider, sugar-refiner. I am at his house in Wood-street. This robbery was committed at his house on Bennett's Hill


. On Saturday the 16th of November I was in the counting-house at Bennett's Hill; about one o'clock I heard the maid talk of a strange man coming down out of the men's room. I asked what was the matter? The maid said, a strange man came down out of the men's room. I said, why did not you stop him? She said she did not think of it, but told Sykes, and he was gone after him. In about ten minutes I saw Sykes bring him back. We brought him into the counting-house, and asked him what business he had there. He said he was not there. I said I wou'd prove that. I bid the men go into their rooms, and see what they had lost. 
               
                  William
                   Scypher
               



             came down and said he had lost a pair of silver buckles; another said he had lost two guineas and two shillings: 
               
                  Godfrey
                   Schutz
               



             had the care of that money, because the man it belonged to had no box; he it was that said he had lost his money. I shook the prisoner's pocket, and Mr. Sykes, that brought him in, said he has a pair of silver buckles in his pocket. I asked the prisoner where they were? He took them out, and gave them to me. (The buckles produced.) I sent for a constable. He said he had no money; he said he had had nothing to eat for several days, and that, he said, was the reason of his coming there. When the constable came, he examined his breeches pocket; he found two-pence halfpenny only. I told him we must have some more money. In shaking of him, we found, in the lining of his waistcoat, two guineas, six shillings in silver, and nine-pence in halfpence; and we found the thimble, which is 
               
                  Godfrey
                   Schutz
               



            's. The constable searched him further, but he said he had no more money.


                  Elizabeth
                   Evans
               



            . I live at Mr. Rider's, at Bennett's Hill; I am cook there. I saw the prisoner come down the men's stairs, I am sure it was that man, between twelve and one o'clock at noon.
Q. Which way did he go?
Evans. He stood on the stairs about the third step; while I turned to the kitchen, he went out; I run and look'd after him, and went and told the head clerk, Mr. Sykes, to see after him: He was brought back to the counting-house.
Q. Are you sure it was the same man that was brought back?
Evans. Yes.
Q. from the Prisoner. Was the money taken out of the pocket, or the lining?
Evans. He had it in the lining; we were going to cut the lining, but he said he would shew us the way into it.
- Sykes. I live with Mr. Rider at Bennett's Hill. Mrs. Evans came to me in the kitchen, and said a strange man had been up stairs. I look'd out of the window, and saw the prisoner; I run after him to Ludgate-street; he run into a public-house, and there he was stopt; it was the same man I saw first; we brought him back; a pair of silver buckles were found in his pocket, two guineas in a lining under his pocket, and a thimble, and nine pence in halfpence.


                  William
                   Scypher
               



            . The buckles are mine; they were in my shoes in the bed-room.


                  Godfrey
                   Schutz
               



            . I lost two guineas.
Q. How much more?
Schutz. I do not know. That thimble is mine.
Prisoner's Defence.
The money is my own; I do not chuse to plead till I have my money. I was going through the house; I thought it was a thoroughfare; and I picked up the buckles and the thimble in the passage. I am a waiter.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
