





231. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Johnson
                  , otherwise 
Jackson




            , was indicted for 


               obtaining twelve guineas and three shillings of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Hinkes
                        




                     
                  , by false pretences
            , December 5
. ++


                  John
                   Hinkes
               



            . I am a tinman
 in Fleet-street


. The prisoner came to me on December 5, by the name of Jackson. He said he wanted some tin goods; three dozen of lanthorns of a sort. I set them down on a slate. I said I must have time to get them ready. He said, well then I will call again to-morrow. I will go to one Dare at Charing Cross, and I shall get some things there. He came next day about noon, and said he had got ovens and several things, and I was to tell him what things I had got. I told him I had about a dozen lanthorns of a sort; he wanted three sizes I think, and he wanted seven ovens. As to the particulars I cannot say every thing; I believe there was a dozen candlesticks of a sort, and sauce-pans; and there were five bottles to hold four gallons each of oil; and there were thirty-two put into the five bottles. I advised him to have the oil in a cask, he said, the bottles would be of use to him when he came to Saint Kits, to hold aqua fortis. There were eighteen tin kettles; there were two dozen of candlesticks, I believe; and I think eighteen sauce-pans.
Q. All part of the original order?
Hinkes. Yes; he came in the evening, and said, he would come next day. I expected him at noon, he did not come till evening. That was the third time, I believe it might be about five or six o'clock. I invited him into the parlour, as I expected to be paid; he drank a dish of tea as he was a standing just at the fire. He stooped down and pulled out a little red pocketbook, and says, I have a note that is not due, and here is a check. He gave me this draught on Walpole, Clark, and Bourn, (producing it.) I took it into the closet. I had not cash enough. The first order was about 10 l. or odd. I went out to a neighbour and borrowed five guineas. When I returned again, he said, he would have three more stone bottles, which I believe made it forty shillings more. Upon that I gave him twelve guineas and three shillings, which was the balance. He was not to have had twelve guineas, but he said, people that I deal with allow discount; and as I expected his favours again, I allowed him discount; he should have had a shilling more. He said he would come on the morrow by twelve o'clock, which was the Saturday. I said the bottles of oil will not be ready by that time. He said he would come with a cart and take what I had, and come by four o'clock in the afternoon for the rest.
Q. What reason did he give for wanting them so soon?
Hinkes. He said he was going away.

Q. Did he mention the time?
Hinkes. I cannot say, I went in the morning with the check to Messrs. Walpole, Clark, and Bourn; they said they had no such person kept cash with them.
Q. Did he ever come for the goods?
Hinkes. No.
Q. He mentioned that he was going to St. Kitts?
Hinkes. Yes.
Q. How did he account for the hurry he was in for the goods?
Hinkes. He said he was going away directly.


                  Jacob
                   Gerrard
               



            . I am clark to Messrs. Walpole, Clark, and Bourn; this draught (taking it into his hand) was brought to me for payment. I told Mr. Hinkes we had no such account.
Q. Is there any person of that name that keeps cash at your shop?
Gerrard. No.
Q. Is there any person of that name that has lately kept cash at your shop?
Gerrard. I do not know that there ever was; ( the draught is read ). No. B 124. London, December 6, 1770. Mess. Walpole, Clark, and Bourne, pay Mr. 
               
                  William
                   Thompson
               



            , or bearer, twenty-five pounds. R. Nennist.
25 : 0 : 0.
Prisoner's Defence.
My witnesses are not here to prove I took the note. I should have been glad to have put my trial off.
Court. You did not make a proper affidavit, which would have been the foundation of the court to have put off your trial; from what you stated, from what your witnesses would have proved, I do not expect they would have been of any manner of service to you. The point is not so much where you received this note, as your not coming to the shop afterwards to take your goods.
Prisoner. I thought it was a good draught. I was very unwell for about a week after I lodged in Bolton Row.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
See him tried No. 98, last sessions for forging this draught.
