





307. (1st M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Smalman
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               stealing two yards of scarlet cloth, value 5 s. three yards of white cloth, value 6 s. and four yards of dimity, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Levich
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Francis
                      Constar
                  



               
            , April 9
. ++


                  Francis
                   Constar
               



            . Mr. Levich and I are taylors

, and live in Norfolk-street, in the Strand


. The prisoner was a porter
, and had lived with us a considerable time; at length we had a suspicion that he was not honest: I got a search warrant, and searched his lodgings, in Holywell-street. In a box of his, which was not locked, we found the things mentioned in the indictment. It was a thin cloth; it seemed to be part of a parcel of cloth which belonged to Captain Webb, who was going to the East-Indies, and wanted it thin for that hot climate. The prisoner was so struck, that, without any solicitation or promise, he fell down on his knees, begged pardon, and acknowledged that he had stolen these goods from us.
- Noakes. I am a constable. I searched the prisoner's lodgings, and found the goods in his box. The prisoner, first, said he bought them in White-horse-Yard; afterwards, I heard him say something about being merciful. I did not hear his confession.

Prisoner's Defence.
My master was very kind and good to me; what he has said of my confession, is not true. I bought the cloth at a piece-broker's; I left it in an open box, which I should not have done if it had been stolen from my master.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
