






529, 530. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      BURNHAM
                  



               
            , spinster, and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      MACDONALD
                  



               
            , spinster, were indicted for 


               stealing five guineas, and two quarter guineas in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jacob
                      Dycher
                  




               
            , Aug. 24
. +


                  Jacob
                   Dycher
               



            . I live in Houndsditch, in Bishopsgate parish; the money was taken from me in Red-lion-street, in Whitechapel parish


; it was the 24th of August, between nine and ten at night; I was at the White-Lion, Red-Lion-street, a public house; coming out from thence I met the prisoners at the bar; they asked me to treat them; upon which I went back; I gave each of them a glass of brandy or rum; then they asked me to go home to their house; I consented; they went into the house into a one-pair-of-stairs room; there was no candle at that time; I asked for one and it was brought; then I recollected that my gold and silver and halfpence were together in my pocket; in order to separate them I took my gold out and put it either upon the table or drawers, and counted it out upon the table, intending to separate the gold from the silver; there were five guineas in gold, two quarter guineas and one shilling and six-pence in silver. As soon as I had done this both the women seized hold of it directly, took it, and went away; I did not care to make a noise at the house, so I went away home; the next day when I came to recollect I had lost this money, I was determined to see whether I could enquire after these people; I went away to the same place, where I had been over night talking with the man of the house; they recommended me to one Simmons to take these people; before Simmons went to take them, 
               
                  Mary
                   Burnham
               



             came in; I told the person that was one of them, and Simmons took her into custody; Simmons came again in an hour's time, and brought the other woman; I cannot say I was sober, but I know the persons; I am positive to the two prisoners.


                  John
                   Holmes
               



            . On the 24th of August, at eleven at night, Macdonald came to my house, and bought a gown and paid half a guinea for it, and the rest in silver; the half guinea was too light; she said I had it of Mr. Rolfe; I gave it her again; she went and brought another, and then paid for this gown 13 s. 6 d.


                  Thomas
                   Rolfe
               



            . I am a pawnbroker: I live very near the last witness; both the prisoners came to my house about eleven at night, and bought two gold rings, one s tone ring, and some other things; each of them changed a guinea, and I gave the half guinea in change to them.
The prisoners, in their defence, first said the prosecutor dropt the money, afterwards that he gave it them.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
