





152. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      ROOKER
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Pulter
                            Forrester
                        




                     
                  , D. D.
 on the 15th of December
, about the hour of four in the afternoon (no person being in the said dwelling-house) and stealing a silk tabby sacque, two sacques and coats value ten pounds, two pair of silk stockings value ten shillings, three linen shirts, value twenty shillings, two linen shirts value ten shillings, twelve pair of leather gloves value twelve shillings, one pair of cotton stockings value two shillings, sixteen linen table cloths value three pounds, thirty-six linen napkins value thirty-six shillings, three silk and worsted window curtains value forty shillings, six silver table spoons value thirty shillings, and one piece of silver value sixpence; the property of the said Puller Forrest, in his dwelling house
            . ++


                  Elizabeth
                   Capel
               



            . I was intrusted with the care of the house, the family went out of town about June; I left it at night on the 13th of December, about eight o'clock, when I came again the next morning between eight and nine o'clock, the house appeared to be broke open, all the drawers were broke open, many things were taken away; I remember particularly some curtains which were taken out of a press which stood in the passage leading from the drawing room into the bed-chamber and a shift was taken out of that drawer.
Some of the articles were produced and deposed to by Chambers.


                  Peter
                   Senhouse
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner and carried him before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , the justice asked where he lived, he said, with his father, we went to his father's house, we asked for the prisoners lodging, he said his lodging room was locked, his father assisted us to break open the door, I found the head of the cane and some pistols, and some pick-locks.


                  Robert
                   Mardell
               



            . I was present at the search of the father's house, he shewed us the room and said it was the prisoner's room, we found these picklocks and these things (producing them) one of them opens Dr. Forrester's door and might open many hundred doors besides that.
Prisoner's Defence.
I leave it to my council.




               Guilty of stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            



               T
            .
