





156. (M.) 
               
                  Isabella
                   Lakin
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing thirty guineas, two thirty-six shilling pieces, two gold rings, value 20 s. and two pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Theophilus
                            Rutt
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , February 6
. *


                  Theophilus
                   Rutt
               



            . I live in the parish of St. George's in the East. I am a waterman
 and a lighterman
. The prisoner picked my pocket of the key of my street door, and went home and broke open my drawers that the money and rings were in.
Q. How do you know she picked your pocket of your key?
Rutt. Because, just after, I was obliged to break the door open to get into my house. This was yesterday three weeks. I was at a public house; she came, and said, her mistress, Esther Green, wanted me. I asked her to drink; she sat down; this was between ten and eleven o'clock. I heard she had picked a sailor's pocket of twenty or thirty guineas; they said it was in a red purse. I then went home, and missed my money; I did not miss it till Friday; I was in company with no body else but her, and she knew the way of my house. I took her up, and found one pair of buckles in her shoes, and another pair in her pocket; two rings were on her fingers; one of the rings is a mourning ring, the stone is knocked out; it is an old family ring; here is my purse, here is a darn of my mother's in it, I can swear to it; she dropped this purse.
Q. from the Prisoner. Whether you did not keep company with this 
               
                  Esther
                   Green
               



            .
Rutt. Yes the same as my wife; I have kept company with her two years.
Q. from the Court. Did not this Green send her to you?
Rutt. I do not know, she came as such.
Q. Has 
               
                  Esther
                   Green
               



             a house of her own?
Rutt. Since my mother died I have took her home.
Q. You was drinking in a public-house with the prisoner, I think?
Rutt. Yes.
Q. Did you keep company with her too?
Rutt. No.


                  John
                   Ragland
               



            . I went in search of this woman: I found her at the Anchor and Crown, in New Rag Fair: she had two rings on her fingers: she was going to take them off, but the officer took them in his possession. We went from there to one Stewards, a public-house; there the officer searched her: I saw him take a pair of buckles out of her pocket, nine guineas, two half guineas, one thirty-six shilling piece, six shillings in silver, and eight-pence farthing. The officer took charge of her: she was standing pritty near the fire: I said, Mr. Rutt, do not you know these buckels? he said they were his: he took them out of her shoes: one of the rings is a mourning ring. Mrs. Green was committed with her.
Q. Where does Mrs. Green live?
Ragland. In Denmark-street, at that part of the town.
Q. The prisoner was her servant?
Ragland. I do not know.
Q. Did you ever hear Rutt accuse Green of having robbed him as well as the prisoner?
Ragland. No; I heard him say before the justice, that he believed she was innocent of the robbery; for if he had but two shillings she was welcome to one of them: the prosecutor told me to go to her, and tell her, that if he could get the money again, within eight or ten guineas, he would not hurt her: she said she had given him all she had left of it.
Prisoner. They came to me at New Prison, and said, if I did not mention her name they would be very favourable to me; if I did, they would hang me.
Q. from the Court. Did you, or Rutt, or any of you, say any such thing?
Ragland. I went to New Prison to her: I asked her if she would give the man the money, or let him know what she had bought.
- Macknarth. I am a constable. I was at the searching of the woman; I found ten guineas, and one thirty-six shilling piece; two gold rings I took off her finger; I found these square buckles in her shoes, the other round ones I found in her pocket.
Q. Did you see the purse?
Macknarth. No.
Prosecutor. These things are mine.


                  Mary
                   Jordan
               



            . These buckles and rings belonged to the prosecutor's mother; I laid her out; I saw the money in this purse.
Prisoner's Defence.
These things were given to me; these 
               
                  Esther
                   Green
               



             delivered to me to take care of, because she had no place to lock them up in.




               Guilty, 10 s
            . 


               T
            .
