





350. (L.) 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL
                      WATKINSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               obtaining by false pretences, a bundle of matts, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Johnson
                  




               
            , Jan. 18th
.
Freelove Johnson. I am son of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Johnson
               



            : the prisoner came to our house the 18th of January, and wanted a bundle of matts; he said he came from Mess. Gum; they had credit at our house; I delivered the matts to him, and made him a bill of parcels; he came again the 20th and wanted another bundle; I served him with it, and made him a bill of parcels; he came again at night and wanted another bundle; I asked him for the bill of parcels to put them together; he said he had given it to Mr. Chalton, Mess. Gums clerk; he came again the 26th and had six mats; there is ten in a bundle. My father had a suspicion of him, and sent me to Mr. Gum's to enquire if he lived there; he said he did not. When he was taken before Alderman Bull, he confessed he obtained them, and did not come from Mr. Gum; that he did it for bread for his children.
- Bence. I am servant to Mr. Gum; the prisoner left our service the 25th of December: I do not believe he ever was near the house since.
Prisoner's Defence.
He knows nothing of the affair no more than your Lordship: Mr. Gum has two houses; he was at the other house, and knows nothing of the matter; I never went for any but what I was sent for; Mr. Chatham gave me orders to fetch them.
The prisoner called 
               
                  Thomas
                   Bateman
               



             and 
               
                  Mary
                   Kingman
               



            , who had known him some years and gave him a very good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
