





277. (1st L.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah
                      Ferrand
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two silk hankerchiefs value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hugh
                      Mayor
                  




               
            , March 25
. ++


                  Hugh
                   Mayor
               



            . I am a linen draper
 in Bishopsgate-street Without


. I lost these handkerchiefs out of my shop between ten and eleven o'clock in the forenoon, on the 25th of March. I shewed the prisoner some handkerchiefs: there were two other customers came into the shop: I called my wife to attend her. When she was going away my wife charged her with having something in her pocket: she put her hand in her pocket, and took out two silk handkerchiefs, which she said she had when she came into my shop. I looked at them, and found a ticket with my mark upon them.
- Scott. I went to Mr. Mayor with a gentleman. He called Mrs. Mayor; she attended the prisoner; Mr. Mayor attended us. Mrs. Mayor said the prisoner had something of hers in her pocket. The prisoner said she had a couple of handkerchiefs she had bought at another place: she pulled them out of her pocket. Mr. Mayor looked at them, and said there was his mark upon them. The prisoner said she had money in her pocket, and she would pay for them. Mr. Mayor would not take it. Then she offered to down on her knees to beg pardon, and so on.
(The goods produced in Court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I went into the shop to buy a handkerchief. Mr. Mayor shewed me some. Two gentlemen came in. He called his wife. These two handkerchiefs slipped off the counter. I took them in my hand. She called her husband, and said I was going to take them away. I had not put them in my pocket. I said I had money to pay for them.
For the Prisoner.


                  Ann
                   Scofield
               



            . I have known the prisoner three years. I have entrusted her with my goods. She lived, three months ago, in Long Alley; since that she has sold oranges and lemons.


                  Jane
                   Bank
               



            . I have known her seven years. She has a good character. She has sold oranges and lemons; lately she has sold fruit, to maintain her sister.


                  Elizabeth
                   Stewart
               



            . I have known her two years. She was backwards and forwards in my place. I never heard of any dishonesty by her.


                  Rosamond
                   Hyndes
               



            . I have known her six years. She is an honest girl. I trusted her with two hundred of goods. I never heard any harm of her.
Q. Two hundred of what?
Hyndes. China oranges.


                  Edward
                   Dalton
               



            . I have known her eight years. She has a good character.


                  John
                   Handler
               



            . I have known her five years. She has a good character.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
