





363. (2d L.) 
               
                  
                     MARGARET
                      MILLER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six pair of spurs, plated with silver, value eighteen shillings, twelve pair of shoe-buckles, plated with silver, value eighteen shillings, and a muslin handkerchief value three pence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Blundel
                  




               
            , April 16th
 ~.


                  William
                   Blundel
               



            . I keep a hard ware shop


 in Bishopsgate-street


, on the 16th of April, I went out about two in the afternoon, about six or seven in the evening my apprentice came to me and informed me that my house was broke open, I returned about eight or nine, and found the glass case in the shop open and the things mentioned in the indictment gone, I had some suspicion of the prisoner, she being backwards and forwards in the house, I got a constable and searched her lodgings and found the buckles the spurs, and a handkerchief under her bed, she confessed taking the goods, but said she meant to return them next day.


                  John
                   Graves
               



            . I was with the prosecutor when he searched the prisoner's lodging and found the things, before the justice the confessed she took the things and said she must suffer the law.


                  Elizabeth
                   Gray
               



            . I was at the prosecutor's, on the Sunday, when the things were lost, the prisoner was there, she had the door open where the things were.

Prisoner's Defence.
I have lived with the prisoner's brother two years, I did not take the things, there was a little boy at the door, and the door was left open.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


