





786 (L.) 
               
                  
                     Jacob
                      Eleazer
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury
             in his evidence on the trial of Gumpay Humphreys, at the Old-Bailey


, last July
 sessions.


                  William
                   Wylde
               



            . I administered the oath to the prisoner's when he gave evidence on the trial of Gumpay Humphrys.
"Joseph Gurney, the short-hand writer, read the prisoner's evidence, as he had taken it verbatim, on the trial of Gumpay Humphreys; in which, the prisoner asserted that Mr. Bonnet said before the Justice, that he did not know the man that had defrauded him, that he said it was six or eight months ago, and a man might alter in that time; that then Mr. Bond, one of Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's clerks, pointed with a pen at Humphreys; that Bureau said, that is Mr. Humphreys, that then Mr. Bonnet fixed upon him and not before." See the evidence of the prisoner at large, No. 532.
Mr. Bonnet. When the people were brought into the room, I fixed upon Gumpay Humphreys, without any token given whatever.
Q. Do you remember Bond pointing to Gumpay Humphreys, before you fixed on him?
Bonnet. There was no such thing.
Q. Do you remember before that, Bureau saying that is Mr. Humphreys?
Bonnet. No, he said, after I had fixed on him, that is Mr. Humphreys.
Q. Did you say you did not know the man, it being six months ago, that perhaps he might alter?
Bonnet. No, I said no such thing.
Q. from the Prisoner. Did not Mr. Bond stand next to me?
Q. I took no notice of any such thing.
Mr. Gines. I was present at the examination of Gumpay Humphreys; about fifteen or twenty persons were called in, out of another room, and Humphreys was set about the middle of the semicircle without any particular mark, or any thing whereby he could be known or distinguished. A profound silence was observed, and Mr. Bonnet stept forward, and with great caution and deliberation he passed from man to man, without receiving any hint or direction whatever; he went up to Gumpay Humphreys and said that is the man: as to what Bureau said, that was not till afterwards, nor did Mr. Bond at all point with his pen to Humphreys.
Q. Then is what the prisoner said, that Mr. Bonnet did not fix upon Humphreys till Bond pointed at him with his pen, and Bureau said that is the man, false or true?
Gines. It is false, every syllable.
Q. Did Mr. Bonnet say that he did not know the man; that it was six or eight months ago, and a man might alter?
Gines. No; so far from it, that he plainly shewed he did not know the man.
Q. from the prisoner. Whether you knew me when I went to the Mansion house to be bailed?
Gines. Certainly I did not; it was not my business to identify his person.


                  John
                   Sibby
               



            . I was present at the examination of Gumpay Humphreys.
Q. Did Mr. Bonnet say he did not know Gumpay Humphreys, for it was six or eight months ago, and a man might alter.
Sibby. I did not hear him say so.
Q. What did Mr. Bonnet do when he came into the room?
Sibby. He was ordered to fix upon the man; he went cautiously from man to man, and he fixed upon Gumpay Humphreys, and said that is the man: some little time after I saw that he was the man; I perfectly knew him, he having been three different times at my master's house: Bond did not point to Humphreys, and Bureau did not say that was the man till after my master had fixed upon him.
Q. from the prisoner to Mr. Bonnet. Did not you look hard at me.
Mr. Bonnet. I did, and there is something of a likeness between ye.


                  Nicholas
                   Bond
               



            , I was present at this examination.
Q. Did you point with a pen to Humphreys?
Bond. Upon the solemn oath that I have taken, I did not, and I don't know that I had a pen in my hand at that time : the prisoner was brought into the room, Mr. Bonnet and Mr. Gines were in the other room; we ordered every person in the outward office to come in and the prisoner to be mixed with them: when they were all come in I believe Humphreys stood about the middle, Bureau stood at the right hand of the room, I was to the left of Humphreys; I was two or three from him, they were all still and quiet; Mr. Bonnet was desired to go round the room, to see if he could pitch upon the man, and he pitched upon Humphreys.
Q. Did he say, before he fixed upon him, that he did not know him?
Bond. No.
Q. Did he say it was six or eight months ago, and a man might alter.
Bond. No; and it was not till after Mr. Bonnet had fixed upon the man that Bureau said that it was Humphreys.


                  John
                   Leigh
               



            , who is clerk to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             confirmed this evidence.
Prisoner's Defence.
Mr. Bonnet did not know him till Bureau said that is Mr. Humphreys; Bureau was evidence against him to clear himself; therefore he said, to the best of my knowledge; Mr. Bond stood next to me, with a pen in his hand.
He called 
               
                  Henry
                   Eleazar
               



             his father, and 
               
                  Solomon
                   Eleazar
               



            , his brother; Hymen Wegg, who had employed him four years; 
               
                  Henry
                   Levi
               



             and 
               
                  Henry
                   Keys
               



            , who had known him from his infancy, who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
