





491, 492. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Hawkins
                  



               
            , spinster, and 
               
                  Ann
                   West
               



            , spinster, were indicted for 


               stealing one black cardinal, value 11 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah
                      Stroud
                  




               
            , May 20
. ~.


                  Sarah
                   Stroud
               



            . I live in Middle-row


, and make up cardinals, and such things, and sell them; I was setting, on the twentieth of May, in my back parlour; I could see into the shop; the prisoner came into my shop between twelve and one at noon; I heard them enquire for some cardinals; my maid was in the shop; she shewed them several.


                  Mary
                   May
               



            . I know the prisoners very well, they are the two persons that came into my mistress's shop; I have seen them several times before; they came into the shop between twelve and one, and asked to see a cardinal; I shewed them several; some were too dear, and others did not suit their fancies; they bought none; they staid twenty minutes trafficking about these cardinals; there was one particular cardinal lined with blue I shewed them, which I asked twenty shillings for; Hawkins said she could not afford to buy it; West said she would give fourteen shillings for it: they bought nothing: Hawkins attempted to tie up her pocket, when tying it up I observed a black ribband hanging out of it; I said nothing about it, though I had a suspicion that it was some of my mistress's goods, stolen by that woman; but when they were going out of the shop, I touched Hawkins, and said, I want to speak to you; she said, What is the matter? I said, Why I believe you have something of my mistresses under your petticoat; I said, If you don't come and let me examine you, I must take hold of you. Well, says Hawkins, if you do you must have a run for it; upon which I said, I will have a run for it: Hawkins run as fast as she could; I followed her; I happened to fall down; I called out stop her; Mr. Bishop, a neighbour, run after her; I got up and run after her as fast as I could: I saw Hawkins come out of Mr. Hurley's yard, she had not then the cardinal about her; I took hold of her.


                  John
                   Hurley
               



            . I was in my shop in Gray's-Inn-Lane; the prisoner Hawkins run into my entry, she endeavoured to push to the door, she went out: I went to the door immediately as she went out, and found this cardinal at the bottom of it, (produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Hawkins said in her defence that she was quite ignorant of the matter: she called four witnesses who gave her a good character.
West called several people, who gave her a good character.
Hawkins, 

               Guilty
            , 

               T
            .
West, 

               Acquitted
            .
