






556, 557. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      SCARBOROUH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      KIRK
                  



               
             were indicted; the first for 


               stealing 50 lb. of lead, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Rule
                     



                  , the said lead being affixed to his dwelling house; and the other for being present, aiding, abetting, and assisting the said Scarborough, the said felony to do and commit
            , Aug. 30 
++


                     John
                      Rule
                  




               
            . My house that the lead was taken from is at Stepney Green


. I was sent for to town; the d was laid before me, and the prisoners were in custody; the prisoners said they were guilty, and begged I would forgive them. They were employed that day as bricklayers labourer

s.


                  William
                   Harris
               



            . I saw Scarborough on the top of the house; the lead was half off the house, and the other man was in the necessary; I held up my hand and bid him not throw it down; he did throw it down, and Kirk put it under the elder tree, and put some shavings upon it; they said I should have 6 d. if I would be quiet; I never had it.


                  Thomas
                   Wilmot
               



            . The last witness came to me and told me they had some lead under the elder tree; I went and told Mr. Green of it; I saw it under the tree between four and five in the afternoon.
William Green. Mr. Wilmot came to me and told me the boy had discovered the lead; I went to see it, and it was removed into the cellar; 
               
                  James
                   Whiston
               



             and I went down into the cellar, and waited till they came to take it away; Scarborough came first and beat it up, and then the other came down in the cellar; Scarborough took the lead on his shoulder, and Kirk put his coat over it; 
               
                  James
                   Wheston
               



             and I followed him out.


                  James
                   Wheston
               



            . Green and I went down into the cellar, and saw Scarborough double up the lead; when they were got out I seized Scarborough, and took the lead from him; Scarborough said pray do not take me, there is the lead; I said no, he must go back.

Q. Did you see any lead with me?
Wheston. His coat was over it, and I stopped it on the other man.
Scarborough's Defence.
Kirk was not in the cellar, but he put his coat over it to cover it.
Kirk's Defence.
I carried no lead at all away.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
