







127 128 129. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      WHEELER
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      MORGAN
                  , otherwise 
THOMAS MORRIS




            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HILL
                  



               
            , were indicted; the two first for 


               stealing thirty two bushels of malt, value 6 l. and eight hempen sacks, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George
                      Betts
                  



               
            , Jan. 1st

. and the other for 


               receiving the above goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoners.


                  John
                   Betts
               



            . I am a lighterman
. On the 1st of January I lost four quarters of malt out of a lighter: my people informed me they watched till eleven o'clock at night, and missed it at midnight. In the morning I missed eight sacks ; I myself saw them safe about nine or ten o'clock over night: the barge lay at Horsleydown. In the course of the next week some malt was found at one Hill's that I can swear to. There are two accomplices. The prisoners were taken on their information, and committed.


                  Robert
                   Dyer
               



            . I am in partnership with Mr. Betts and his kinsman. On the 1st of January last, between twelve and one o'clock, I went down to the water-side to see how the barge lay; I found it safe, but missed this malt out of it.


                  Robert
                   Tavener
               



             . I am a bumboatman at present. I had about four quarters of malt of the prisoners; but don't know who it came from. I sold it for them; it was about the 1st of January. It was shot in an empty room in Kings-head Alley . I sold it to one William Hill. They applied to me to sell it, and they took the money ; they did not give me any thing for my trouble.


                  Arnold
                   George
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Betts; 
               
                  John
                   Morris
               



             and Wheeler went to a barge at Smith's Wharf , Horsleydown, on New Year's-day, about eleven at night; the barge was very near full of malt; we took eight sacks out of the barge, and carried them to Kings-head-Alley , Ratcliff-Highway, to the house of one Petro, a Dutchman, and shot it in an empty room, and then threw the sacks into the Thames: we saw Tavener in the morning; we told him we had four quarters more for him, and gave him direction to go to Mr. Hill and sell it; he brought sacks to put it in. Tavener had deceived us; so we got a cart, and took it to Mr. Hill's ourselves; then the prisoners and I went to an alehouse; I went into another room, and Hill paid Wheeler and Morris for it. Wheeler told me they received four guineas, and gave Hill a receipt for it: they gave me twelve or fourteen shillings: my master, on missing the sacks, taxed me with it; and I confessed it; the prisoners were taken up before.
Q. to Tavener . Where did you see this malt at first?

Tavener . In an empty room in King's-head Alley , a little on this side, what they call Radcliff Broad-Street . I was present, and saw the malt sold, and four guineas paid for it. They gave me nothing at all for my trouble.
Wheeler's Defence.
I know nothing about stealing it. 
               
                  Arnold
                   George
               



             asked me to help him to load a skiff out of a barge of his master's . I helped him, but did not know he was stealing it.
Morgan's Defence.
I know nothing about it.
WHEELER, 

               guilty
            .
MORGAN, 

               guilty
            .
HILL, 

               acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


