





572. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH
                      GREEN, otherwise 
GREENAWAY




               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Edward
                         Sayer
                     



                  , on the 13th July
, between the hours of eleven and twelve in the forenoon, no person being therein, and stealing six pewter plates, value 3 s. a pair of men's leather shoes, value 2 s. a pound of butter, value 8 d. a linen knife cloth, value 1 d. and six tench, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        Edward
                         Sayer
                     



                  , in his dwelling house
            . ++


                     Edward
                      Sayer
                  




               
            . I live at Kingsbery Green


; I am a farmer
; my house was broke open last Monday, while I was out at hay harvest; there was no body in the house at all; the outer door was locked by my wife, she had the key; she is not here. I heard of the robbery between three and four in the afternoon; word was sent me that the house was broke open, and the man taken; I took the key and went home, and found the door locked; I went down into the brewhouse, and saw that a square glass was taken out of the window just by the latch. I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; some were in the brewhouse, some in the cellar and some am found in a village in the neighbourhood.
Q. Was that square broke before?
Sayer. No.


                  Mary
                   Williams
               



            . The prisoner brought six pewter plates to me, and offered to sell them; I suspected him, and had him secured. (The plates produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Mary
                   Holland
               



             deposed, that the prisoner offered to give up the plates if they would let him go.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was very much in liquor; two Irish men gave me the things out at the window.
The prosecutor said he had worked for him about ten days, and he had no reason to suspect his honestly before this.




               Guilty. 4 s.
            



               T
            .
