





20. (M.) 
               
                  
                     LEWIS
                      JAFFERY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a surtout woolen coat, value 42 s. a man's hat, value 21 s. three callico handkerchiefs, value 10 s. 6 d. four pair of silk stockings, value 42 s. one pair of gold shoe buckles, value 8 l. 8 s. a pair of gold knee buckles, value 4 l. 4 s. a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 10 s. and a pair of silver knee buckles, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        Giles
                         Stibbert
                     



                  , Esq
; and a green silk purse, value 1 d. two canvas purses, value 1 d. a wooden box, value 6 d. and thirteen guineas, a half guinea, a quarter guinea, two dollars, value 9 s. a quarter dollar, value 1 s. three roupees and 8 l. 1 s. 6 d. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander
                      M'Farder
                  



               
            , Nov. 19
. ++


                     Giles
                      Stibbert
                  



               
            . I live in Red-Lion-Square


; the prisoner had been my servant
 about four months. On Friday the 9th of November the prisoner was missing after dinner, and the next morning I missed the several things mentioned in the indictment; I went over them accurately, and can swear to the loss of the several particular things; they were taken out of the dressing room, which was open, and to which the prisoner, with the rest of the servants, had access. I went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, and described the person of the prisoner, and the things; I got some intelligence of him; in consequence of which, he was apprehended at Gravesend, on Monday the 22d. (The clothes, knee buckles and shoe buckles produced) they are the same things I lost. At his examination before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , he acknowledged he took the things, and that they were his master's and his fellow servant's property. He is a Frenchman born, but can speak English very well; he said he did not receive his wages from his master; he made that a sort of an excuse for committing the robbery. I had given him either one or two guineas, I do not know which; his wages are but eight guineas a year; he had not lived with me more than a quarter of a year or four months at farthest.


                  Alexander
                   M'Farder
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Stibbert. I lost when the prisoner went away 23 l. 6 s. 9 d. in cash, in two or three purses, the same as described in the indictment, and also a little box about fourteen inches long and nine over, in which they were kept; I can swear to this purse which is produced, and the dollar; I know them to be my own; the rest I cannot swear to, but I know I lost such a quantity. I am one of the persons that went down to Gravesend on this intelligence, in order to apprehend him, and took Taylor, the constable, with me; on Monday the 22d of November I found him on board a French trader; he confessed the robbery with the whole circumstances of it, and there was found upon him, by the constable, in my presence, the purses and part of the money, and the coat and hat were found in the other part of the ship.


                  William
                   Taylor
               



            . I am a constable: I went to Gravesend to take the prisoner; I found him on deck; I searched him there, and found one of the purses and five guineas; I found ten guineas more upon him below, and the gold and silver, and some dollars. He acknowledged the money belonged to his fellow servant; that he had changed the silver into gold for the sake of more light carriage; he had one of his master's handkerchiefs about his neck at that time, and one pair of silk stockings; the other three were rolled up together; I found them among his baggage, and the coat and hat were below.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.
For the Prisoner.


                  Ann
                   Rowly
               



            . I never knew any harm of him.


                  Mary
                   Forsaith
               



            . I have known him a twelvemonth; I never knew any harm by him in my life.


                  Susanna
                   Alders
               



            . He is a very sober honest young fellow.


                  Rebecca
                   Eyre
               



            . He is a very honest lad; I have known him nine months.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
