







154, 155, 156. (M. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Whitely
                  , otherwise 
Walt




            , 
               
                  
                     Susannah
                      Carry
                  , otherwise 
Dock




            , and 
               
                  Daniel
                   Rook
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. a man's hat, value 2 s. a walking cane, value 2 s. a pair of worsted stockings, value 2 s a pair of shoes, value 2 s. and a pair of metal buckles
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Silvester
                      Coyle
                  




               
            , Jan. 22
. ++


                  Silvester
                   Coyle
               



            . I am a journeyman Dyer
. I met with the two women at the bar, on the 21st of January, about eight at night, at Charing-cross. I was pretty much in liquor. They asked me, where I was going? I said home. They asked me to go home with them; I did. They carried me to Peter-street, Westminster


, to a house, and up stairs we had a pot or beer and a pot of purl. After that we all three went to bed together. They went out of the room about two o'clock; I was awake, but did not think they were going, I then felt for my breeches, and missed my watch. I got up, and put on my coat and waistcoat. I missed my hat, cane, shoes, stockings, and buckles. I put on my breeches, and came down to the man of the house, and got a candle, and went up, but my things were gone. I told the man, I had been robbed in his house. He got up, and we went together to two houses. We had a constable with us. At the second house, where Carey lodged, the Duck, in Duck-lane, we found her and Whitely. There the constable found my hat and cane. The man of the house told me the soldier at the bar was husband to one of them.
Q. Did you see Rook, the soldier, when you was with the girls?
Coyle. I do not know that I did.


                  James
                   Brown
               



            . I am a constable. The man of the house came for me, and said a man had been robbed at his house. I went with him; we could find nothing. Then we went to the Duck in Duck-lane: there we took the two women at the bar, a cane and a hat. We had them examined before Justice Miller; he granted a warrant to take the man at the bar: he was committed and brought up again to be re-examined. It was reported the watch was thrown into the kennel; then the soldier gave me the key of a little box, and sent me to his room where he lodged. I went; it was in Pye-street, at the sign of the Bell; there I found a pair of stockings, and the watch in the box together. (The watch, cane, shoes, stockings, hat, and buckles, produced in court and deposed to).
Whitely's Defence.
I know nothing about the things.
Carey's Defence.
I never saw the things nor the man.
Whitely and Carey 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
Daniel Rook 

               acquitted
            .
