






148, 149. (M. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Duncken
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Hugh 
                  Carral
               



             were indicted 


               for stealing a man's hat, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Evans
                  




               
            , Feb. 4
. +


                  Sam.
                   Evans
               



            . On the 4th of February, between the hours of eleven and twelve at night, I was between the two Turnstiles, Holborn


. A woman in the street asked me, how far I was going? I said, home, will you go with me? but with no intention to have her with me. As soon as the word was out of my mouth, Duncken came up and knocked my hat off my head, and Carral took it and ran away with it.
Q. Did you know either of the prisoners before?
Evans. No; I had never seen either of them to my knowledge. I followed them, and called stop thief! Duncken turned about, and threatened to knock my brains out if I made a noise. I followed him at a distance, full the length of the street, behind, and saw him by the light of the lamps. There were very few people stirring: I met a man. I told him, that man had stole my hat. he went up to Duncken and told him, that man says you took his hat. Said Duncken, You see I have no hat about me. Said the man, then you had better stop and clear yourself. Then a watchman came up, and he was taken and carried to the watch-house.
Q. Did he run or walk?
Evans. I do not remember he ran; he walked a pretty quick pace.
Q. How long was it after you lost your hat, before you took the prisoner?
Evans. This might be ten or twelve minutes from first to last. I described the man that ran away with my hat, and my hat; and Carral was taken the Tuesday following by the same watchman. I was sent for before justice Welch; he had my hat on his head; I have it here.
Q. Had you quarrelled with either of the prisoners?
Evans. No. I did not see which way they came from; they came all on a sudden.


                  James
                   Chapman
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 4th of February instant, the prosecutor called, Watch! I made up towards him; but he being in another parish, I went no farther. I heard a dispute between the prisoner and him; the prisoner threatned to dash his brains out if he made any noise. After that I went and took Duncken into custody. The prosecutor said, he and another had robbed him of his hat. Duncken owned Carral and he had been together. We took him to the watch house. After that I met with Carral, knowing him before; and the prosecutor had described him. He made his escape out of a public house; but on the Tuesday night after, he was stripped to fight another man, and I took him. He had the prosecutor's hat, which he had put off with his clothes. I asked him how he came by that hat? He said, he had lost his own, and he found that in the street. coming up Holborn. At first he said, he would be evidence against Duncken; but afterwards said, he would clear Duncken, and himself also. I have known Carral many years; he and I went to school together.
Jos. Brown, another watchman, confirmed the evidence given by Chapman, as to the taking both prisoners, &c.
Duncken's Defence.
I never saw my prosecutor in my life before; he was coming without a hat on. I walked along; he came behind me, and said, You are the man that took my hat off. I said, Here is a watchman, I am willing to go with you to him. I know nothing at all about it.
Carral's Defence.
I got the hat accidentally, coming home. I had lost my own. I found it in Holborn, and I made bold to wear it.




               Both guilty 10 d.
            




               T
            .
