





554. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William
                      Gibson
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 45 guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Naylor
                  




               
            , August 25th
. *


                  James
                   Naylor
               



            . The prisoner and I lodged together at Mr. Berry's in Leicester-street


. I put 50 guineas into my purse in my trunk on the 23d of August. I lock'd my trunk, and put the key of it into my box, which I lock'd, and put the key of my box into my breeches pocket. On the 25th I opened my trunk, and found only five guineas in my purse out of the 50. The prisoner got up earlier that morning than usual. I suspected him. and took him before Justice Wright, where he declared his innocence, and said he was not worth 50 s. in the world, and believed he never should. The Justice discharged him. Justice Fielding advised me to watch the prisoner to see if he was flush of money. I got 
               
                  James
                   Finney
               



             to watch him; the prisoner paid for his lodging, and took a place in the coach for Maidenhead; Finney took a place also. Finney came to me from Maidenhead, and informed me that the prisoner was in custody; I went to Maidenhead, and found the prisoner in the custody of the constable; I described to the Justice at Maidenhead, previous to my seeing the money, a guinea with a mark upon the edge which I afterwards selected from the rest; they brought him to London, and took him to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's. The prisoner there said he had 46 guineas paid him by one Flannan; he brought him and one Evans to swear to it before the Justice; they were examined apart, and very much considered each other.


                  Joseph
                   Clark
               



            . I am a constable, and live at Maidenhead. Finney sent for me to the Red-Lion at Maidenhead, and charged me with the prisoner. Finney told me he had gold wrapped up in four papers; I took them from him, and seal'd up the papers without opening them; the prisoner told the Justice at Maidenhead, that he had been at hay-making; the prosecutor described a guinea before the money was unseal'd, which he picked out afterwards.


                  Henry
                   Brown
               



            . The prisoner was in my custody at Maidenhead; he said that he had been five weeks at hay-making. The Justice asked him to mension the name of any person, of whom he had received any sum of money lately; he said he had received two guineas and a half for hay-making. This witness was asked whether he mentioned having received any money of Flannan, which he answered in the negative; (the guinea produced and deposed to by prosecutor, it was fear in one part of the edge.)


                  James
                   Finney
               



            . At the request of the prosecutor. I took a place in the stage to Maidenhead, in order to watch the prisoner; at Hounslow, the prisoner shewed me the money, wrapped up in four papers; the prisoner said he was going to sport with it at Reading races; I had him taken into a custody at Maidenhead.


                  Thomas
                   Barry
               



            . The prisoner lodged at my house; the prisoner paid me half a guinea for rent the morning he went to Maidenhead, and at the same time told me that he had but one guinea in the world, and that he had borrowed that of his sister.
The prisoner in his defence said, that the prosecutor came home drunk every night; that he was obliged to help him off with his cloaths, and put him to bed; and that he never shewed Finney the money upon the road. He called 
               
                  Richard
                   Colley
               



             who had known him 7 years; 
               
                  Wm.
                   Holford
               



             16 years; 
               
                  Tho.
                   Cross
               



             20 years, and - Davis 16 or 17 years, who spoke of his having lived servant
 to several noblemen, and always having had a good character.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
