





264 (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL
                      OTHEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six hundred pounds weight of lead, value five pounds, the property of the most noble 
                     
William

duke
 of Devonshire


                  , the said lead being affixed to a certain garden belonging to his dwelling house
            , against the statute, January 31st
 ||.


                  Richard
                   Goring
               



            . On the 19th of January the prisoner had a sun dial, I went with him to one Wallice's in Chick-lane, to sell it, Wallace asked him if he could not get him some blue pigeons, a cramp word for lead, and he would buy as much as he could bring, he proposed to me to go to the duke of Devonshire's garden


 to steal lead, accordingly we took about two hundred pounds weight of lead off the alcove, we carried away a part of it, and hid the rest till we came again for it the same night, and then we carried it to Wallis's to sell; on the 31st of January we went again, and took another quantity of lead, which we brought away by means of an ass that was in the field, there were two asses, the prisoner was for taking both, but I said one was enough, I was suspected, and being taxed; I discovered it to Mr. Knowlton, the duke's gardener.


                  John
                   Knowlton
               



            . I am gardener to the duke of Devonshire, I missed the lead from the garden, on the first of this month there was some some lead found in the hedge or ditch belonging to the garden, it fitted a part of the alcove, Goring having a bad character, and being out of work, I had a suspicion of him, taking up Goring, he impeached the prisoner, we took up the prisoner, we took him before justice Lamb, we got a warrant to search Wallis's house, we took the accomplices with us to Wallis's, and charged him with receiving the lead, he denied it, upon that Goring said, why you knew the lead was stole, and you see I am hand-cuffed and going to prison for the lead you received of us, going to prison the prisoner said it was lead stolen from the duke of Devonshire's garden; before the justice both of them denied the fact.


                  Thomas
                   Mortiffee
               



            . I am a constable, Goring, on being taken up, confessed stealing the lead, on the road we met-Othen, Goring said he was concerned, and bid me take him up, I took them both before the justice, and while Goring was giving evidence, the prisoner listened, and said Goring had turned stag; after Goring was examined, he said again, by what the justice had told him, he was sure Goring had turned stag; then the prisoner confessed to me he went with Goring twice to the duke of Devonshire's garden to steal lead, and they took it from the alcove, then he said to Wallis, you old-rogue, we are going to prison for the lead you received of us, you told us we should be secure if there were two ton of it.
The prisoner in his defence called his mother, who said she never heard any thing bad of him before.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


