





488. (M.) 
               
                  
                     GEORGE
                      CHEVYS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven pair of silk stockings, value four pounds, and two pair of lace ruffles, value twenty pounds
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Claud
                      Russell
                  




               
            , Esq

April 15th
. +


                  Claud
                   Russell
               



            , Esq. The prisoner was my servant
; he came to live with me on the 20th of March; he had the care of my cloaths and wearing apparel; on the third of June, having detected him wearing some of my cloaths or apparel, I dismissed him; I called upon him for an account of the things he had been intrusted with; upon this, the prisoner going to the drawer where these silk stockings were put, he then look shame to himself, and said, Sir, there are seven pair of stockings I have been under the necessity of pawning thro' distress; and he said if I would let him have the money they were pawned for, he would redeem them; there were two pair of ruffles likewise: these he told me were at the laundress's; upon inquiry I found six pair of the stockings at the pawnbrokers.


                  John
                   Sutton
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner brought these two pair of stockings (producing them) to my shop on the 30th of April, and on the fourth of March he brought a pair of ruffles, he said his name was Harrison; seeing the name of R. on them, I asked him if they were his, or if his name was Harrison, how that mark came upon them; then he said he pawned them for one Roberts; when he came the 4th of March, he told the same story.


                  James
                   Crookshanks
               



            . On the 2d of April the prisoner brought two pair of stockings to me; he said his name was 
               
                  George
                   Harrison
               



            , and that they were his own property; they were marked R. (producing them.)
Prosecutor. I have no doubt but these are my stockings.
Prisoner's Defence.
On the 20th of March I went as a servant to Mr. Russell; he said it was a custom with him to settle with his servants the first of every month for their board wages; accordingly he paid me up to the first of April; on the first of April, not having money enough to support me for my board wages till the month expired, I pawned some of these stockings; when I gave Mr. Russell my bill, on the first of May, he paid me; he said he was going into the country; I did not redeem the stockings from this place that day; the next time I gave him a bill of 3 l. 6 s. 6 d. for board wages for a month, and other things laid out; he did not pay me; I asked him for the money; he not making me any answer the second time I asked him for it, that was the third of June, I called Mr. Russel from the dining room to the bed room; I said I was distressed for money, and therefore had been obliged to leave some of his stockings in pledge; he never missed them nor I believe had any suspicion of their being in pledge till I told him; it I had meant to have defrauded him of the stockings, I should imagine no man will suppose I should have produced the duplicate of the stockings.
Q. to Mr. Russell. Did he tell you of all the stockings?
Russell. When he was delivering over the things he had in charge after I had dismissed him my service, when he came to the drawer in which these stockings were deposited, before he opened the drawer, he said, Sir, I ask your pardon, but I have been a little distressed for money, I have pawned your stockings, if you will give me money in part of my wages, I will go and redeem them; I said nothing; I told him to give me an account of the things.
Q. Did he say how many he had pawned?
Russell. He said all the stockings missed out of that drawer were pawned; I knew nothing of the ruffles being pawned till they were produced before the Justice.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
