







598, 599, 600. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Cole
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James
                      Knight
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John
                      Harding
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing 80 lb. of indigo, value 20 l
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Reynolds
                  




               
            . ++


                  John
                   Burridge
               



            . I am a constable in Shoreditch parish. About twelve o'clock at night, Knight pitched a bag, near the Spotted Horse, Shoreditch; the watchman came and told me he believed it was stolen, Harding was near the watch house-door; he ordered Knight to go away with it; my brother officer said, he believed it was indigo; we asked Harding where he was going with it; he said to Mrs. O'Neale's, in Islington Road. We went with him to Mrs. O'Neale's; Harding called out aloud, Mrs. O'Neale here is a parcel come out of the country. Mrs. O'Neale came down. I asked her if she expected any parcel out of the country; she said no; she had no bill of parcels; so I took them back to the watch-house: Harding there said he had bought it at St. Edmund's Bury, at 6 s. and 6 d. per pound, and he could not make more than 7 s. and 6 d. of it. The next day he said he brought it to town by getting lists of the waggons. I took him before justice Camper; he brought one Nugent next day to prove that he bought it at St. Edmund's Bury; then he said he was to give 5 s. and 6 d. before he said 6 s. and 6 d. per pound.
Cross Examination.
Q. Who said that he bought it and gave but 5 s. and 6 d.
Reynolds. He said so I am certain; he said he hired Knight; first he said at Bow; then at Cheapside; then he said at Cheapside Bow.
This evidence is confirmed by another constable.



               Guilty
            , 




               T
            .
