






540. (M.) 
               
                  Edward
                   Price
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Rebecca
                      Bedwell
                  



               
            , spinster
, were indicted, for 


               stealing one brown cloth coat and waistcoat, value 5. two pair mens leather shoes, value 6 d. one pair mens ribb'd worsted stockings, value 1 s. two mens linen aprons, value 8 s. three blue and white check aprons, value 2 s. one white linen apron, value 1 s. and one linen table cloth, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Ford
                  




               
            , July 8
. +


                  Joseph
                   Ford
               



            . The prisoner Price lived servant
 with me. On the 3d of July I was robb'd of some goods. My wife can give the particulars.


                  Ann
                   Ford
               



            . On 3d July we lost the things mentioned in the indictment, from the Star livery stables, Carey-street


, where we live. A man came from Mr. Masters's in Holborn next day, and asked if we had not been robbed. I went to Mr. Masters's, who is a pawnbroker in Holborn, there I found these four aprons, and one linen table cloth.
(Produced and deposed to by prosecutor.) My husband's things were all sold. I was present when they were examined before the justice. Price there confessed that he took the things; he said he sold my husband's coat and shoes to a Jew; he said Bedwell was with him; she said that she met him in Holborn, and he gave the things to her; he said he got in over the door.
- Brooks. I am a pawnbroker. Bedwell brought these things to pledge on the 4th of July; I scrupled their being her own; she said she would fetch her sister to satisfy me that they were her own. She did not come again.
Price's defence.
I had friends who would have come, but I did not know when my trial would come on. I was in Liquor; they said they would free me if I would confess.
Bedwell's Defence.
I have no witnesses here.
Price, 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Bedwell, 

               Acquitted
            .
