





394. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL
                      JOHNSTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cask of butter, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Augustine
                   Mead
               




            , March 20th
. +


                  John
                   Beal
               



            . I belong to Mead's warehouse, from whence the butter was taken; we had been landing a large cargo from Ireland; whilst I was standing on the Wharf, the cooper's boy came, and told me one of the men had gone away with a cask of butter; we both ran after him, but could not find him nor the cask; when we came back, the boy said he should know the man again; about half an hour after that, by the description he gave us, we found the prisoner in a public house at St. Katharine's; we took him before the justice, where the boy swore to him.


                  George
                   Row
               



            . On the 20th of March, I saw the prisoner come out of the gate-way that goes to the wharf, with a cask of butter on his back; he had a red waistcoat on, with two patches behind, and a slouched hat; I went and told Mr. Beal of it; the next time I saw him was before Justice Sherwood, on Monday; I knew him to be the man that stole the butter.
Q. Was the butter found again?
Row. No.


                  David
                   Davies
               



            . I was standing at a relation's door on Friday, and saw the prisoner go by the door, with a cask of butter on his back; he was very much disguised in liquor; about half an hour after Mr. Beal's father made enquiry after the butter.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know no more of it than the child unborn.
He called 
               
                  Thomas
                   Jones
               



            , 
               
                  Samuel
                   French
               



             and 
               
                  Robert
                   Coe
               



            , who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            

