





457. (L.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      BEDFORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Greenough
                     



                  , on the 19th of May, about the hour of ten in the night, and stealing a silver waiter, value 6 l. a silver ladle, value 10 s. a silver table spoon, value 12 s. a silver salt spoon, value 2 s. the property of the said 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Greenough
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            . ++


                  Thomas
                   Greenough
               



            . I live in Ludgate-street


: on the 19th of May
 my house was broke open, the back of it looks into Holiday-yard, in this back part is a common dining-parlour, the windows look into that yard. Between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, I was in the fore part of the house, when one of the maids run down stairs, and said there were thieves in the parlour. I went backwards and missed a waiter; I ran to the window and saw several persons, one called out, We have taken one, and there are more in the yard; I went into the shop, and told my servant to run round by Creed-lane, and stop all he met; I went back to the window, and saw the prisoner by the palisadoes in the yard; I went out, my servants came to my assistance, and we pulled him into the parlour; we sent for the constable, and searched him; we found a chissel in his side pocket; we searched for fire-arms, but found none. When we had him in the parlour I taxed him with breaking into my house eight months ago; he said no, he did not; for this was his first offence. I lost a silver waiter, a table spoon, a salt seller, and salt-spoon out of the parlour; the palisadoes are breast high and sharp-pointed; the ground is nearly on a line with the bottom of the window; I was in the parlour about twenty minutes before, the plate was safe then; the window was shut down; there is a sort of a spring bolt; the candles had been lighted, but they were put out. When I went out of the parlour, Mrs. Greenough followed me and put them out.

Q. Was there any appearance of force on the frame of the window?
Greenough. No, none at all.
- Greenough, jun. On the 19th of May, in the evening, between nine and ten, nearer than nine; I happened to come into the counting house to my father; the servant came down, crying thieves! I went round according to my father's order; I found several persons with plate, that I knew to be my father's; I took it from them, and brought it home with me. I saw the man within the rails, and there were two or three persons came up, who would have got him over the rails, with a pretence to have him directly before the justice; but I thought he was more secure within the rails; (the plate produced and deposed to.)
Cross Examination.
Q. Was it light enough to see him?
Greenough. There was light enough; there were lights brought out.
Q. Was the night entirely set in?
Greenough. Yes, quite dark.


                  William
                   Ward
               



            . I left work that evening about eight o'clock; I lodge in Holiday yard; I went home about ten minutes before ten. I saw the prisoner and another man looking into Mr. Greenough's window; they gave a cough and parted. I went in, and told the woman of the house where I lodge, I believed there were thieves in the court. I came again to the door and looked, and they had got close to the windows; I shut the door and said they were there; I looked again, and they had got the window up, and one jumped in; I then said there is one in; she said, I had better go to the fore door of Mr. Greenough's, and alarm them; I went to go, but the man came out, with a piece of plate in his hand; I asked him what he did there? he then put the plate down, and pretended to put the shutters too; then I made an alarm of thieves! and he attempted to make his escape; I gave him a knock of the head, and he fell immediately: I kept him there till I got assistance.
Q. from the prisoner. Did not you say before my lord mayor, that I had nothing in my hand?
Weed. I said no such thing, but that you had plate in your hand.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going by the window; it was open; and I saw the plate there, which was a very great temptation; I could not resist it: It is my first offence.
For the Prisoner.


                  Allen
                   Panton
               



            . I am a peruke-maker
, in St. John's Lane, Clerkenwell. The prisoner served his time with me; he was out of his time the 7th of September last; he served the seven years duly and honestly. He lived with me till after Christmas; he behaved very well.




               Guilty of stealing the plate but not of the burglary
            . 


               T
            .
