





752. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Currey
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one watch, the inside case gold, the outside black shagreen, value 10 l. one steel watch chain, value 2 s. one Cornelian seal set in gold, value 20 s. and one stone seal set in gold, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Augustus
                            Humphreys



                     
                  , privately from his person
            , October 14
. *


                  Augustus
                   Humphreys
               



            . I was once a baker in the city; I had disputed with my landlord, and upon that I left my business and went and lodged in Holborn. On the 14th of October in the evening I was in liquor; I went into a public house and sat down, there the prisoner came and sat by me, and asked me how I did; I said, I did not know him; he said, he had carried faggots for my man; presently Brynan and Allendar came into the same box, we all sell into discourse together; on the landlord's desire, they went into another room, the prisoner then asked me if he might not have something to eat; he went out and fetched a tongue and eat it; while I was in this room, I fell asleep, but while asleep, I remember the prisoner feeling about my breeches, and at last I felt him take my watch out of my pocket; after that I saw him go out of the room; I got up immediately, and said, that man has got my watch; I sent two people after him directly, that is Allendar and Brynan; they went out at first, they did not find him, they went out afterwards and brought him in; the constable was sent for, and he thought proper to search all the people in the room, no watch was to be found. I have never seen the watch since, the prisoner was taken to the round-house and committed, but he denied it.


                  William
                   Brynan
               



            . When I went into the house I saw Humphreys and another man sitting by the fire drunk, after a while the prisoner said, he was very hungry, and wanted something to eat; Humphreys gave him six pence, he went out and got a tongue; and brought a woman in, the tongue came to four-pence more than he had given him; after this we went into another room to drink. I was invited in to eat part of it, and sat down with them; there was beer and brandy called for; after a while the prosecutor laid himself down on the table, and lean'd his head on it; while he was thus leaning down on the table the prisoner was fumbling about his breeches; he made an attempt to take out his watch, but did not succeed, that made Humphreys get up; I dropped a halfpenny, stooping under the table to pick it up, I saw Humphreys get up on this attempt to take his watch, and then laid himself down again; the prisoner's hand was again about his breeches; I knew that, because I heard the chain rattle.


                  George
                   Allendar
               



            . I am a soldier; I was in this house: while we were there the prisoner said he had no victuals; he asked Humphreys for six-pence; Humphreys was almost drunk; the prisoner touched Humphreys on the thigh: upon that Humphreys put his watch-chain into his fob; the prisoner said to Humphreys he would soon have it out again. This was in the public room; then the prisoner went out and bought a tongue; they went into the parlour all together: brandy was called for by the prisoner; and he obliged Humphreys to drink half a glass; the prosecutor was lying on the table; the prisoner was feeling about his breeches, and at last the prisoner asked what it was o'clock; Humphreys took out his watch; it was then ten minutes after seven; presently after this the prisoner called for the reckoning, and said he must go out and make water; soon after he was gone, Humphreys got up and said he had lost his watch, and the prisoner had got it; we went out a second time, and brought him in.
Prisoner's Defence.
Humphreys was fuddled, and treated me with a tongue: we had brandy, and other liquors; I would have paid part of the reckoning; Mr. Humphreys would not let me. I know nothing of the watch. When I was gone away they came and laid hold of me, charging me with this watch.
For the Prisoner.


                  John
                   Clare
               



            . I have heard he bore a good character abroad; I believe him to be an honestman.


                  William
                   Evans
               



            , his serjeant. I never knew him guilty of any crime of this sort.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
