





751. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eight guineas, a half guinea, and two shillings in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Samuel
                         Griffin
                     



                  , privately from his person
            , Sept. 13
. *


                     Samuel
                      Griffin
                  




               
            . On the 13th of September I sold a boat; I had for it 9 l. 10 s. I put the money in my pocket; the prisoner was present and saw me receive the money. I was a little in liquor when I sold the boat; I staid drinking at the house two or three hours after I sold it; I went from thence with the prisoner to the Rose and Crown in Lambert-court. I was very fuddled; I do not know what passed; about day break next day, (Sunday morning) I found myself lying in the street upon the ground, in Monmonth-street. All my money was gone.


                  William
                   How
               



            . I am a neighbour of Griffin's; he lives in Duke-street, Southwark; I heard he was come home after having staid out all night; I went to his house, there I found him lamenting the loss of his money. He having mentioned the prisoner being in company, we took him up; we met him in James-street, Covent Garden; Griffin went up to him, and said, Smith, where are you going? Smith answered, I am going to the house; Griffin said, what house? he said to the house where we were on Saturday night; so are we, said Griffin; the prisoner said I am going to clear up my point, for I am accused of taking your money: we all went to the house; a constable was in the house at the time; we gave charge of the prisoner; Griffin would have persuaded him to have acknowledged the fact, and to induce him to it, said he would not stand for a guinea or two if he had spent it, if he might have the rest; he denied it till he went before the Justice; there it was said he had made a confession, and had directed them to search for six guineas at his lodging, near the Old Barge house; accordingly I went, and in a shed where he had directed, I found eight guineas wrapped up in paper.


                  William
                   Garland
               



            . I do odd jobs for a livelihood; Saturday night being a busy night, I was at the public house to help them; the two prisoners came in together both fuddled; they drank two drams a piece at the bar; while they were there I saw Griffin pull some gold out of his pocket; presently after Griffin set himself down upon the stairs and fell asleep; the prisoner stood by him a good while, at last I saw him put his hand into the prosecutor's waistcoat pocket; I saw him pull four or five guineas out of his waistcoat pocket; then he put the money into his right stocking, and then went away; Griffin staid some time, then staggered out; I did not know what became of him afterwards; I observed to my master, and said, I thought one was robbing the other; he said let them alone, they are acquaintances.


                  Joseph
                   Loman
               



             the constable deposed, that when the prisoner came before the Justice he told them where he had hid six guineas; they went according to his direction and found eight guineas.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took the money from him to take care of it.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
