





193. (L.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      WILLET
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four shillings in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Day
                  




               
            , Jan. 29
. *


                  Thomas
                   Day
               



            . I am an oilman
 in Newgate-street


; the prisoner was my shopman
: I suspected money was taken in the shop and not put into the till. On Saturday the 29th of January I got two of my neighbours, 
               
                  John
                   Collier
               



             and Robert Hughes, to carry some marked money to the shop to buy some things; they laid out three shillings a-piece . I returned home about twelve o'clock; the prisoner was in the shop; I examined the till and missed some of the marked money they told me they had laid out. I keep the key in my own possession; I never suffer any body to give change out of it; there is a hole to put the silver through; the shillings were marked with a notch in the edge above the head; there were three missing; I sent the prisoner over to Mr. Collyer to get change for a ten pound note, and followed him immediately, and desired him to go into the compting house; Mr. Collyer was there. I then told him I had lost money several times, and believed he was dishonest; he said he wondered I should think so; I said I had reason for it; I asked him how much he had in his pocket; he said he believed about twelve shillings and a guinea and a half; I desired to see the silver, and he took it out, and laid it down on the desk; we looked at it, and Mr. Collyer picked out a shilling that he had marked about an hour before, and sent to my shop; there were two other marked shillings that were laid out by Mr. Hughes; then he begged I would forgive him; I told him I had lost money several times and was determined to make an example of the first I could detect. On his cross examination, he said he did not recollect whether they were queen Annis shillings or no; that he did not know how much ought to be in the till; that if he had a fancy to the shillings, and put others in the room, it would have been the same; that he could not tell whether any shillings were put in the room of the marked ones .


                  John
                   Collyer
               



             and 
               
                  Robert
                   Hughes
               



             confirmed this evidence.
The prisoner, in his defence, said he put other shillings into the till in the room of them.
The prisoner called ten witnesses who gave him a very good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
