





432. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Coley
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Mary
                            Smith
                        




                     
                  , June 23d
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing one copper tea-kettle, value 12 d. one copper coffee-pot, value 12 d. one linen gown, value 6 s. one dimity bed-gown, value 12 d. one linen shift, value 12 d. one linen cap, value 3 d. three silk handkerchiefs, value 3 s. a linen pillow-bier, two linen aprons, and two linen napkins, the property of the said 
                     
                        Mary
                         Smith
                     



                  , out of the dwelling house of the said Mary
            . *


                  Mary
                   Smith
               



            . I am a milliner
, and live in Old Round Court in the Strand


. I fastened my door when I went to bed on the 23d of June; when I got up about seven o'clock in the morning, I found my door open. I did not observe that any force had been used. There is no lock to the door; it bolts on the inside; the bolt might be lifted up on the outside of the kitchen window.


                  Charles
                   Atkins
               



            . I keep the Bird-in-hand, a public house, in Oxford Road. The prisoner came to my house on the 24th of June, about six in the morning, and asked for a pennyworth of purl. He had a bundle with him, which he endeavoured to conceal. I suspecting him, stopped him, and charged a constable with him; and in Tuesday's paper the things were advertised. The things were found upon him.
The prisoner's defence was, that he found the things near the house.




               Guilty of stealing, but acquitted of the burglary
            , 


               T
            .
