






198, 199. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      ASHFORD
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      THURGOLAND
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing one copper tea-kettle, value 2 s. 6 d. and one copper stew-pan, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander
                      Allen
                  




               
            , Jan. 23
. ++


                  Alexander
                   Allen
               



             . I am a pawnbroker
 in Rosemary-lane


. I lost the copper tea-kettle and stew-pan out of a place in my yard, a half covered place where they are kept; I am positive they were there the night before. In the morning my house appeared to be broke open, and these things I found wanting; some time after, I was informed the prisoner had got into my yard ; he was taken, and he confessed he had taken the copper tea-kettle , and copper stew-pan .


                  John
                   Haynes
               



             . The prisoner told us where the things were; the tea-kettle was at Thurgoland's house, and that he had pawned the stew-pan .


                  Charles
                   Earl
               



            . The prisoner was found in Mr. Allen's necessary house. in his pockets were found some suspicious tools for breaking open houses; he owned he took both the tea-kettle and the stew-pan, and said the tea-kettle was at Thurgoland's, and the stew-pan pawned. I went to the house described by the prisoner, and there I found the very tea-kettle. (The tea-kettle produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Robert
                   Barker
               



            . I am a servant to a pawnbroker in Houndsditch; the stewpan was pawned by one Robinson. (It is produced and deposed to by the prosecutor)
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought the tea-kettle and stew-pan of the woman that pawned the stew-pan; she pawned it by my direction.
ASHFORTH 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
THURGOLAND 

               acquitted
            .
