





101. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Withers
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a hempen bag, value 2 d. and eighty pounds weight of pomentoe, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Humphrey
                  




               
            . Dec 13
. ++


                  William
                   Humphrey
               



            . I live in Harp-lane, Tower-street, and am a cooper and broker
. I had twenty-eight bags of pomentoe in a ship that came up the 13th of December, and on the 14th, I was informed one of them was missing from Botolph wharf


. The prisoner was taken and charged with taking it. When before Justice Girdler, he and his friends proposed his going to the East-Indies.


                  Stephen
                   Robinson
               



            . On the 13th of December, there were twenty-eight bags of pomentoe on Botolph wharf. I employed three men to carry them up to a warehouse in Cross-lane, at so much a bag. The prisoner lent them a hand with them upon their shoulders; there being an odd bag, he desired I would let him carry that. I told him, I would give him a pot of beer. It was put on his back, but he never took it to the warehouse. I took him in Old-street, about a month after, and charged him with stealing it. He owned that he did steal it, and said he sold it at two places. I went and enquired at both the places, and both the people are off; one was a man over the water, and the other, a woman in East-Smithfield.


                  John
                   Wright
               



            . I was present when the prisoner took up the pomentoe, and I saw it on his back. It was the property of Mr. Humphry.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was employed to carry the bag to a warehouse, and instead of that I carried it to a public-house. I am a porter
, and work by the water-side.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
