





528. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Price
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two yards of silk ribbon edged with yellow tinsel, value 1 s. ten yards of silk ribbon, value 6 s. and three yards of gauze
            , the property of 
               
Messrs. Clay and Co




            . ++
Mr. Noble. I am in partnership with Mr. 
               
                  Nevil
                   Clay
               



            . Mr. Waller Agutar, and we are silk-weavers
. I found these goods (producing two pieces of ribbon) in the custody of Mrs. 
               
                  Jane
                   Rothwell
               



            . I can swear they are our property.



                  Jane
                   Rothwell
               



            . I am a milliner, and live in Bridges-street, Covent-Garden. The prisoner called upon me several times and offered me a great many different sorts of goods, modes, persians, sarsenets and the like. In May he brought several things to shew me. I picked out three yards of gauze and a dozen yards of this ribbon; here is the bill of parcels he made me in his own name. I have sold some of the ribbon.
Q. Had you any more of the same ribbon in the house?


                  Jane
                   Rothwell
               



            . No.
Mr. Noble. I can swear to the ribbon; they are made by us in a particular manner. I cannot swear to the gauze; he confessed before the Alderman that it was our property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never robbed my master of any thing in my life. I have had fifteen hundred or two thousand pounds of my master's in my hands, and I never wronged him of any thing in my life. Mr. Clay told me he would not hurt me. I sold them on their account.
Mr. Noble. Mr. Clay told him, that if he made an ample confession of what he had robbed us of, he would be so favourable as not to touch his life, but that he would certainly transport him; he has robbed us of one hundred and seventy pounds worth of goods. We never had any dealing with this lady.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
See No. 517.
