





81. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Paul
                      Jenkinson
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two linen sheets, value 8 s. one linen shirt, value 6 s. one pair of silk stockings, value 10 s. one linen apron, value 4 s. one linen handkerchief, value 1 s. and one linen cap, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Snelson
                  




               
            , Jan. 4
. ||


                  John
                   Snelson
               



            . I keep the Ship, a public house
 at Tottenham High Cross


. The prisoner came to my house with a billet as a recruiting serjeant; the billet I have found since was not a true one. He desired to lie that night at my house. He staid in his room the next morning till all the family were come down; after he he was gone we missed the things. On the ninth of January a man gave us intelligence that the prisoner was at a house about a mile and a half off; some of us went in pursuit of him, and brought him to my house about eleven; he had his knapsack with him. I desired to look into it; he readily opened it; there was nothing of mine in it; he had a handkerchief in his hand with something tied in it; he did not chuse to open that. I opened it, and we found a linen handkerchief and a child's cap in it. My maid servant said, they belonged to her mistress; there were two men lay in the same room as the prisoner, but they came down stairs as soon as it was light, and went about their business.


                  Sarah
                   Skate
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Snelson. The prisoner came and lay at our house on the second and third. My mistress came down in the morning a little before ten; the prisoner did not come down till near three quarters of an hour afterwards. I saw him come down and walk hastily through the passage, upon which my mistress and I went to look in the room; we missed the things mentioned in the indictment. I saw the cap and handkerchief taken out of the handkerchief, (the cap and handkerchief produced.) I can swear these are my master's property.
Prisoner's Defence.
There was a watch hanging in the room, and some silver spoons in the drawer.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
