





155. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Moore
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver table-spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Castle
                  




               
            , February 19
. ~


                  John
                   Aspinall
               



            . I live with Mr. Castle, a banker
, in Lombard-street


. The prisoner came into the kitchen, and stole a silver spoon. He first came and asked for a little beer; one of the clerks bid him go down stairs, and he bid the cook give him some: it was in the hard weather: he pretended to be a dustman. My master bid him sweep the door, and he would give him something. He confessed the fact afterwards.
Q. What did he say?
Aspinall. He confessed that he took the spoon; but said, that he was in liquor.
Q. Was you present when he confessed it?
Aspinall. No.
Q. Did he tell you how he disposed of it?
Aspinall. No.
Q. Did you promise him any favour if he would confess?
Aspinall. No.
Mr. Lutwich. I am a silversmith. The prisoner came to me with this spoon (producing it,) and said, that his wife had found it as she was sifting cinders on a dunghill in Tottenham Court Road.
Q. Did he produce the spoon?
Lutwich. No, not at first; he said, that his wife had found a spoon on a dunghill: I told him, that he should make some enquiry about the owner; he said, that it was so long as three days, and that he could not find the owner. I said, Let me see the spoon; he then went away, and came in about two hours after. He first came about five o'clock; he said, Here, I have now brought the spoon, if you will buy it of me: he then shewed it me: the bowl was all over wet mud; he stroked the mud out of it first, the other part was clean; I saw the crest of a castle on it: I said, Friend, I hope you came honestly by it; he said, Yes. I said, Sit down, my neighbour Castle has just such a crest on his plate. I bid my people take care of him: I went to Mr. Castle's; he said, it was his crest; I described the man, and they said, such a man had been there; they bid me stop the man, which I did.
Q. Did you hear him say any thing about the spoon?
Lutwich. I asked him how he could rob so good a friend; he said, he was sorry for what he had done; he cried, and said, he was in liquor, and hoped we would forgive him: he had offered it for sale at another silversmith's, but that person did not like any trouble, so he gave it him again; but I am determined to stop every thing that appears to be stolen.
Court. Sir, we commend you; you are quite in the right.
Q. To Aspinall. Look upon this spoon.
Aspinall. It is my master's property; I know it by the crest.
Prisoner's Defence.
My lord, I was cleaning the street. I went and asked for a little beer; the cook gave me some victuals; the spoon was among the victuals; I held up my apron; the cook put it in: I had had victuals at several houses that day, so did not know at which house I had the spoon at; if I had, I would have carried it back.
Q. to Lutwich. Did he tell you such a story as this?
Lutwich. No; I am informed he is light fingered: I asked his master to appear for his character, but he would not.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
