







416, 417, 418. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      LOCK
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN
                      MARCHANT
                  



               
            , the Younger
, and 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN
                      MARCHANT
                  



               
            , the Elder
, were indicted; the two first for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Hannah
                         Fleet
                     



                  , on the 27th of May, about the hour of two in the night, and stealing a man's hat, value 3 s. one peruke, value 2 s. a black cloth coat, value 10 s. a black cloth waistcoat, value 3 s. one paper machee snuff box, value 1 s. one iron tobacco box, value 1 s. a steel spectacle case, value 6 d. one penknife, value 6 d. a silver cork screw, value 6 d. a silk handkerchief, value 6 d. a linen handkerchief, value 6 d. one pair of leather gloves, value 2 d. one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 10 s. and one silver half pint mug, value 10 s. the property of Christopher Richardson, in the dwelling house of the said Hannah
            ; and 
               
                  Stephen
                   Marchant
               



            , the Elder, for 


               receiving one man's hat, one black cloth coat, one black velvet waistcoat, one paper machee snuff box, one iron tobacco box, one silver cork screw, and one silk handkerchief, parcel of the same goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            . *


                     Christopher
                      Richardson
                  



               
            . I am a lodger at my sister's house, Mrs. 
               
                  
                     Hannah
                      Fleet
                  



               
            ; I have an upper floor. On the 27th of May

, a sash window of the room where I lay was put up, where the thieves got in as I suppose; the house joins to a garden; part of the pales of the garden were broke down; I imagine they got into the room by helping one another up to the window; it is about seven foot from the ground. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment out of my room; they are all my own except one silver half pint mug, which was brought up to my room with water in it over nights; I went to bed between nine and ten; I found the sash open when I got up, about seven in the morning; there are three sashes in the room but no fastening to them.


                  Hannah
                   Fleet
               



            . I lost a silver half pint mug that had been carried into Mr. Richardson's room.


                  Elizabeth
                   Bowyer
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Richardson: I put him to bed that night at about nine o'clock; I was called into his room about six o'clock in the morning, when he found it robbed.


                  Henry
                   Cogshell
               



            . I am a gardener. About seven in the morning I saw Lock there, who is about 14 or 15 years years old; he had a pair of buckles and a black cravat to sell; he asked 9 s. for the silver buckles; I suspected he had stole them; I stopped the buckles; I went for a companion of mine, and the boy ran away. (The buckles were produced and deposed to by the prosecutor, who said he bought them the morning before and gave 16 s. for them).


                  Thomas
                   Gentleman
               



            . I am a butcher: I saw these lads at Chelsea, first of all on the 28th of May, playing at skittles, then at another public house next morning at skittles, then again on the 29th; I described them to Mr. Wright, and desired to know whether any robbery had been committed near Chelsea; he said there had; then I suspected they might be the persons that had committed the robbery, and as I was going over Chelsea fields, on the morning of the 29th, I saw old Marchant looking at some clothes; I took it to be a shirt; I made enquiry after these boys of some woman; I asked whether she had seen a boy with one arm; ( Marchant, jun. has but one arm); some woman walking on, cried, here is the boy with one arm, and at that time old Marchant was with them; upon their crying out, the old man, with the young ones, tied up the bundle, and the lad with one arm carried it with him; the old man went with the two boys, but Lock jumped over the bank; they hurried on; I walked slowly after them; the lad gave his father the bundle; I followed the old man into his ward; he is a Chelsea pensioner; I said, you have some things come unlawfully by; he said, go you scoundrel, don't breed a riot here, they are my own, I shall do with them as I like; I said they are not your own; he said he had bought them, and would sell them; he put the bundle in the ward and took some victuals out for the lads; I went in search of them, and found them playing again; then Wright came up and took the lads in a public house; Wright searched the boys, and found the spectacle case upon Marchant the Younger; he said it belonged to his father; we took these lads then, and went to the College to see after the father; we asked the captain of the College for leave to search the rooms; he said we might search all the wards; then we searched old Marchant's room, and in his box found a bundle with the several things produced in court, all sworn to by Richardson; I think it is the same bundle I saw old Marchant with because wrapped up in such a handkerchief.


                  Henry
                   Wright
               



            . On Saturday morning I took up Marchant, jun. and Lock; they were playing at skittles; I searched Marchant, and found in his pocket a steel spectacle case; I went to search the father's ward, and found the handkerchief with the several clothes in it that have been produced, and the serjeant brought up old Marchant himself while we were searching his ward, and then I found a cork screw, a paper machee box, and the tobacco box; old Marchant said they were his, that he had bought them and would keep them.


                  Elizabeth
                   Day
               



            . I am nurse to the ward; it was Merchant's ward that was searched; after the search was over I found a bundle of old keys.
Marchant, jun. Defence.
Lock picked up that bundle in the fields and gave it me; I gave it my father to keep.
Marchant, sen. Defence.
I was a bed the night the robbery was committed.
Lock and Marchant, jun. 


               not guilty of the burglary, but guilty of stealing the goods
            . 



               T
            .
Marchant, sen. 

               guilty
            . 


               T. 14 Y
            .
