





172. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Frances
                      Tudor
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Thomas
                  




               
            , Feb. 6
. ||


                  William
                   Thomas
               



            . I am a porter
. I met a woman of the town upon Ludgate-hill, the prisoner, I believe; I think it is she, I am not sure; I was a little in liquor. I come from North Wales. I went to a tavern with her, and we had a glass of wine. I had my watch in my pocket then; I missed it before I went out; I called the waiter up when I missed it, and bid him fetch the watchman. I asked her if she had got my watch, she said, No. When the watchman came, we searched her, and found it upon her.
Q. Had she any money from you?
Thomas. No.
Q. Had you any money in your pocket?
Thomas. Yes.
Q. What wine had you?
Thomas. I don't know; it cost eighteen pence.
Q. from the Prisoner. Whether he did not give me the watch?
Thomas. I cannot tell; I pulled it out of my breeches pocket, and put it in my waistcoat pocket, I think.
Q. Where did you find the watch?
Thomas. In the inside.


                  Jonathan
                   Kirshaw
               



            . I am a constable. I attended at Bride's watch-house the night this happened. The prosecutor charged the prisoner with stealing his watch; he said he had searched her, but could not find it. I examined him very strictly; he said, when he went to do with her, he pulled it out of his breeches, and put it into his waistcoat pocket. She denied it: I was obliged at last to make use of force to search her. Two watchmen threw her on the table, and opened her legs, and I took it out of her inside, out of her private parts. The chain, and every thing, was concealed.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went into the King's Arms


 with him. I asked him for a present; he said, he had but a shilling: he said, he would make me a present of four shillings, if I would stop; I would not: then he said, he would give me his watch to hold till he gave me the money; afterwards he insisted upon having his watch again; I concealed it, that he should not have it till he paid me the money.
For the Prisoner.


                  Susanna
                   Rotwood
               



            . I have known the prisoner nine or ten years; I never heard but that she was an honest girl. Her parents are very creditable people: she has lived in very creditable places.


                  Judith
                   Lawton
               



            . The prisoner lived servant with my mother about eight years ago, when she first came out of the country; I don't know where she has lived since.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
