





211. (M.) 
               
                  
                     HERMAN
                      LIMAS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. and five halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Norris
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            , Dec. 31
. ++


                  John
                   Norris
               



            . I live at the Blue Anchor, Savoy-hill; I lost my watch in Whitechapel


, by the Barleymow; I had it when I went out of the house the people told me; I was very much in liquor; I do not who was there.


                  Joseph
                   Gilbert
               



            . I saw the key of the watch hang out of Norris's pocket as he was in the house, at the Barleymow, Whitechapel. I saw the prisoner take two-pence or two-pence halfpenny out of his pocket; he said he was his brother; Norris was asleep.



                  Thomas
                   Potter
               



            . I was in the Barleymow; about eight o'clock the prisoner took the halfpence out of his pocket, and said he was his brother; he then brought Norris out of the door and took the watch out of his pocket. On the Saturday following the prisoner and another man came to the Barleymow again; I said that is the man that took the watch out of the man's pocket; he wanted to go out of the house, but the landlord would not let him till Norris was sent for.


                  Edward
                   Whentley
               



            . I saw the watch key hang out of the prosecutor's pocket, and I saw the prisoner take the money out of his pocket.
Prisoner's Defence.
We were drinking together, and we went out to go home together; he would call in at the Barleymow; we had a pot of beer; he sell asleep, and I took the money out of his pocket to pay for the liquor because I had not enough of my own; he got up and we went out; I went away and he went in again; I never took the watch.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
