





541. (M.) 
               
                  Deborah
                   Blackwell
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one linen shift, value 3 s. one linen shirt, value 4 s. one gauze apron, value 1 s. one linen table cloth, value 6 d. one linen napkin, value 3 d. one linen handkerchief, value 1 s. one silver pint mug value 3 l. two silver salts, value 20 s. two silver salt spoons, value 2 s. one silver pepper box, value 10 s. one silver cream pot, value 10 s. two silver table spoons, value 16 s. two pair silver tea tongs, value 12 s. six silver tea spoons, value 12 s. one silver pap spoon, value 4 s. one gold stock buckle, value 3 l. one silk purse, value 6 d. and four guineas, one half guinea, two quarter guineas and twelve shillings in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Sayer
                  




               
            , August 30
. +


                  John
                   Sayer
               



            . I lost the things mentioned in the indictment on the 30th of August. When I went to bed over night I saw every thing was fast; my servant came up in the morning and told me the shop was open. I came down, and from the appearances there I suspected it must be somebody that had secreted themselves in the house. I suspected the prisoner because I had seen her in the garden the day before. I went to search the place where she lived; there I found a bundle containing all the things mentioned in the indictment, except the purse, the money, and the gold stock buckle. The bundle was covered over with fresh earth.
(The goods produced and deposed to by the prisoner.)
"
               
                  Mary
                   Sayer
               



             confirmed the above evidence. 
               
                  John
                   Gowen
               



             the constable deposed, that upon searching the garden belonging to the prisoners apartments, he found the goods as mentioned by the prosecutor; that the prisoner had left her apartments; that he took her in London; that after some time she acknowledged that she secreted herself in the prosecutors two pair of stairs room, where she continued till between twelve and one o'clock, and then came down stairs, lighted a candle and broke open the bureau; that after she had taken the things she left the candle burning on a hogshead; that she afterwards thought it would be cruel to burn them in their beds, and so went back and put the candle out.
"- Stugess deposed that she confessed to him the stealing of the goods."
"The prisoner in her defence said she was an unfortunate girl; that a gentleman had gave her the things one night; and she was so frightened when in custody, that she did not know what she said. She called 
               
                  Catherine
                   Roberts
               



             to her character, who had known nothing of her for the six last years."



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
