





185. (d. M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      HUGHES
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two large silver spoons, value ten shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Dumus
                  




               
            , widow
, January 13th
 *.
The witnesses were examined apart, at the request of the Prisoner.


                  Mary
                   Dumas
               



            . I live in Maddocks-street, Hanover-Square


, I let lodgings
, the prisoner came to see a lodging on the 13th of January, between four and five in the afternoon, when he had seen the lodging, he went down into the kitchen, to see the wine vaults, he asked for a candle, the maid went up and brought one, then he said he did not want it, he would come next day, soon after he went away the maid missed the spoons, she went after him immediately, and brought the spoons back with her.
(The spoons were produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Q. from the Prisoner. Look at me, are you certain I am the person that was in your house.
Dumas. I cannot tell the person, my eyes are not good enough, I can't swear to the person, he has quite a different look now, to what he had then, if he is the same person.
Q. How long was it before he was taken up.
Dumas. He was taken directly.


                  Elizabeth
                   Loveman
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Dumas, on the 13th of January, about four in the afternoon the prisoner came to my mistresses to look at a lodging.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the man.
Loveman. Yes, he looked at the lodging then she went down into the kitchen and asked for a candle to see the wine vaults, I went up stairs to light the candle and as I was coming down again, I met him coming up, he desired I would not trouble myself, he would come again on the morrow; I went down into the kitchen and missed the spoons that are produced, he was gone out, I pursued him and called stop thief, and a coachman stopped him in Hanover-Street, about fifty yards from the house; when I cried stop thief, I saw him throw the spoons down Mrs. Needham's area, and run, Mrs. Needham's maid gave them to the footman and he gave them to me, he was never out of my sight till he was stopped.


                  Noble
                   Long
               



            . On Friday the first week of last sessions, I don't know the day of the month, between four and five in the afternoon, I was in Hanover-Street, I heard a cry of stop thief, I turned round, and saw the prisoner running towards me, there was nobody running but him, the last witness came up and said he had been to their house with a pretence to take a lodging and had stolen two spoons, and she saw him throw them down an are, he said he knew nothing of the matter.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a taylor
, I had been to Swallow-street, about some business, coming down Hanover-Street, there were some men stripped going to fight, there were a great many people running, this girl came up and cried stop thief, two or three men came up to me and said I believe you are the man; the girl came up, and said, was not you at our house about lodgings, if you are the man you have stole two spoons, I said, I had nothing but my own, that I would go to a justice and if I had any thing I would suffer the law:
He called one witness who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


