






7, 8. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      KIRKE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      SMITH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a brass chamber, value 50 s.
             the property of 
               
his majesty




            , Nov. 7
. ++
Mrs. Jones. The two prisoners brought a piece of brass to my shop to sell; it appeared like a cannon; I told them I did not buy such things, and they took it away; I did not observe what it was.

- Jones. As I was coming home on Saturday night the 7th of November, I saw the prisoners on Snow-hill; I was told they had some brass to sell; I went to Ashmore the constable; he came with me; they had pitched the chamber upon a post in St. Sepulchre's Church-yard; we went up to them; I asked what they had got; one d - d me, and said, what is that to you? we took them to a public house; there they said they found it in St. James's Park; they confessed when before the Alderman, that they stole it out of the Store-house; the store-keeper was sent to, and there was a piece missing.
Q. to Mrs. Jones. Where did they say they got it?
Jones. They said they got it on board a ship.
- Ashmore confirmed this evidence.
- Stanfield, concerned in keeping his majesty's stores, deposed, that the chamber produced is the property of his majesty; that he loaded and fired it off in the Park on the 5th of November, and that it was returned again from thence to the store room; from whence it was stolen.
The prisoners, in their defence, said, that they had been at a review on the 7th of November; that after the review was over, they went to a public house, where they were intoxicated; coming by Temple Bar, they saw a man with something resting on a post; that he told them he wanted to sell some brass; that they told him there was some iron shops in the Fleet Market; that when they came to Jones's, and the man took it off his shoulder, they saw it belonged to his majesty.
They called - Armstrong, their serjeant, who deposed that Smith had been in the regiment fourteen years, and Kirke eight; and 
               
                  John
                   Passivill
               



            , who had known Smith fourteen years, and Kirke nine, who gave them a good character.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
