





102. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Price
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing thirty-five pounds weight of lump-sugar; value 17 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Beale
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Stephen
                      Newman
                  



               
            , Nov. 17
. +


                  John
                   Garside
               



            . I am servant to Messrs. Beale and Newman. They are grocers

. I went down with a carman to deliver some goods on board a vessel at Wool-key


, on the 17th of November. There were among the goods four lumps of sugar, directed for 
               
                  Henry
                   Christian
               



            , at Deal. I left the cart to see that the vessel was ready; and desired the carman to take care of the goods. Coming back, the carman called to me, and said, a man had stole a lump of sugar out of the cart. He had got the prisoner in hold, and had taken the sugar from him. ( Produced in court, and by the direction upon the paper deposed to.)


                  Thomas
                   Hudson
               



            . I am the carman. I carried these goods to Wool-key, on the 17th of November. John Garside went with me. I stopped my cart on the key, while he went forward to see if the vessel was ready. There were many more carts there. As I was going to remove my cart, I saw the prisoner jump from behind it. He ran away with this lump of sugar. I followed and took him under the Custom-house gate-way, with it on his shoulder. That was about an hundred yards from the cart. I called to Garside, and we secured him.
Q. from prisoner. How could I run when I have got but one leg?
Hudson. He has a wooden leg, but he ran pretty fast.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming along, and I tumbled over the sugar.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
