





508. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      LYNCH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden trunk value one shilling, a gold watch value eight pounds, another watch with the inside case made of gold, the outside case base metal, value four pounds, and two cornelian seals, value twenty shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry
                      Green
                  




               
            , June 6th
 ++.


                  Henry
                   Green
               



            . I am a goldsmith
; I lost a trunk with some watches in it, out of the boot of a coach at the bottom of Ludgate-hill


: I hired the coach at Greenwich, on the 6th of June; I gave the box to the coachman, and I saw him put it into the boot. I saw the prisoner's arm, and I saw him drop it. The coachman laid hold of him directly; we secured him, and took him to the watch-house;


                  Joseph
                   Love
               



            . I am a coachman, I drove Mr. Green to town; I received a paper trunk from him, at Blackheath, which I put into the boot of the coach; we never stopped till we came to the bottom of Fleetmarket. Mr. Gundy who keeps an oil shop there, and was in company with Mr. Green, got out, I took out a hamper of Mr. Gundy's, there was an-hamper behind the coach; I went to the back of the coach to untie the hamper, then as I stooped, I saw a man's legs by the fore-wheel, I thought it was somebody rummaging the boot; I ran directly there, and saw the prisoner with the trunk under his arm; I run after him, and he dropped the trunk; we secured him and carried him to the round-house in Fleet-market.
(The trunk produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Q. from the prisoner. Did you not say, when you took me to the Round house, let the lad go, there is only a parcel of rags in it.
Green. I said no such thing; there were some clouts in it; we had a child with us; I said, he would have had a good booty, for there were two watches in it.
Prisoner's Defence.
That man run against me and knocked me down, and then said, I took this box; I never had it; they took it from under the horses feet.
For the Prisoner.
- Brown. I am the Turnkey of the Poultry Counter; when he was brought in, he said, he had been ill used.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


