






163. (L.) 
               
                  
                     MATHEW
                      STAPLES
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     HENRY
                      JOSEPHS
                  



               
            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing one hundred and forty-four steel pen-knives, value five pound eight shillings, ten pair of iron knippers, value three pound ten shillings, ten pair of steel scissars, value four shillings and ten steel cork screws, value ten shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Tewkes
                  



               
            , and the other for 


               receiving the above goods well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Dec. 20th

 ++.


                  Samuel
                   Tewkes
               



            . I am an instrument case maker
, Staples was my servant
, I did not find any thing wanting, several instruments were stopped by Mr. Davidson, that turned out to be my property. (They were produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.
- Davidson. I am a pocket book-case-makr, 
               
                  Hyam
                   Harris
               



             brought a dozen of knives, a dozen of nippers and a few other things, he offered them to me under the market price, therefore I secured him under a suspicion that he had stole them.


                  Hyam
                   Harris
               



            . I had them of one Godfrey Alexander.


                  Godfrey
                   Alexander
               



             was called but did not appear.


                  Samuel
                   Sitton
               



            . Staples said he had taken a number of these kind of things from his master, and that he had been seduced and encouraged by Josephs to steal them, who had advised him to bring as many as he could, and he was ready to buy them.
Tewkes. Josephs cofessed he received the things of the prisoner, who he said told him his father was a cutler.
Staples 

               Guilty
            



               T
            .
Josephs Guilty 


               T. fourteen years
            .
