





725. (M) 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      EMMERSON
                  



spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two silver table spoons, value ten shillings: and two linen table-cloths, value four shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Crozier
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           James
                            Bell
                        



                     
                  ; a linen shirt, value five shillings, the property of 
                     
                        William
                         Crozier
                     



                  , and a linen shirt
            , the property of 
               
                  James
                   Bell
               



            , Sept. 16
, *


                  James
                   Bell
               



            . I live in Coventty-street


: I am a haberdasher

 in partnership with Mr. Crozier. The prisoner was our servant
. Upon the 12th of September, she was going away from us into the hospital; we promised to take her back again if she recovered. Upon looking over the things to see if every thing was right, we missed two table-spoons; we missed no linen; we asked her over and over again if she knew any thing of these spoons; and conjured her, as she at that time was exceeding ill, to tell if she knew any thing of these spoons; she answered in the most solem manner, as she thought herself a dying woman at that time, that she knew nothing about them; she persisted in this denial two or three days. In the mean time, we sent a Mrs. Ellis backwards and forwards to her to the hospital; at last she confessed to Mrs. Ellis, that they were at such and such pawnbrokers, and there we found the two spoons.


                  Catharine
                   Ellis
               



            . I am shop-woman to Messrs. Bell and Crozier; I went backwards to the hospital to this prisoner, in order to get out of her if she knew any thing of the se table-spoons. She denied them from the Tuesday to the Friday; on the Friday, on their telling her she should not come into the service again till the spoons were discovered some way or other; then in hopes of being admitted into the service again, she confessed she had disposed of them; that they were pledged at two pawnbrokers in Prince's-street; I went there, but Mr. Bell had been there before, and had taken the spoons out, as I had told him what had passed. I went to enquire if there was any thing further there; I found some linen at one of the houses, two tablecloths and a shirt, the shirt was Mr. Crozier's, the table cloths belonged to the partnership. The prisoner all along, while denying this theft, said, the things must be taken away by the draymen when they came with beer.


                  Eleanor
                   Saunders
               



            . I am a mantua-maker, and an acquaintance of the prisoner's: she came to me one time, and desired me to pledge some table-spoons and shirts: she said, she wanted to make up some money; she was to make up her book, and wanted to make up a little money for that, and begged me to pawn this table-spoon and shirt for the money. As soon as the money could be raised in any other way, they were to be taken out of pawn again. I pawned part at one pawnbroker's and part at another. One lent twelve shillings on one spoon, and eight shillings upon the other. The prisoner went with me to the door; she did not go in, but only staid at the door.


                  John
                   Leshman
               



            , This shirt, and these two table-spoons, (producing them) were pawned with me by the last witness; she had fourteen shillings upon the other things, and ten shillings upon the spoon; they were sent at different times.
Bell. It is a spoon we bought second-hand; it has a crest upon it (a head). As far as any man can swear to a spoon, I think it is mine.


                  John
                   White
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Parker: it formerly was Mr. Murthwaite's shop, but he has left off business. I took in this spoon and shirt (producing them); they were pledged by Saunders.
Bell. We missed two such spoons as have been produced, with a crest on them.
Ellis. I believe these to be the prosecutor's spoons. I am as positive to them as one can possibly be.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had not been in Mr. Crozier's house six weeks before he debauched me; he told me, that every thing which was in his house I might make use of: they were both in partnership, but I did not know that there was any odds. I sat up one morning till four o'clock to let Mr. Crozier in; I caught cold, and was exceeding ill. Mr. Bell kindly put me into the hospital, and he took me out as bad as he put me in, and sent me to prison. Miss Ellis came to me to enquire where the things were, and said, she would redeem them unknown to Mr. Crozier and Mr. Bell. I said, I did not want her to secrete it from Mr. Crozier, as he had given me leave to make use of his property. I wish Mr. Crozier had come here.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


