





414. (M.) 
               
                  
                     GEORGE
                      HARRIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver knee buckles, value 4 s. and a pair of leather breeches, value 14 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Careless
                  




               
            , May 13
. ++


                  Robert
                   Careless
               



            . I lost a pair of breeches and knee buckles out of my house; they were delivered by the prisoner to my wife.


                  Sarah
                   Careless
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. On the 13th of May I went out about ten at night, and returned in half an hour; I found the window up one-pair-of-stairs broke, and I heard somebody run up the other stairs; I ran out, called in some of my neighbours, searched the house, and missed the breeches and buckles out of a drawer. The prisoner is a soldier; I suspected him because he had robbed me before. I went to the king's guard at St. James's, and charged him with the robbery; he denied it; a woman who heard me, came up, aid he had offered a pair of buckles just before; then I again charged him with it, and he delivered me the buckles.


                  Susannah
                   Langley
               



            . I was by when the prisoner was charged with the robbery; I did not see him give the prosecutrix the buckles, but as soon as she had them she gave them to me; the prisoner desired me to go to his mother, and tell her to bring the breeches next day to the Halfway house, that the prosecutrix might have them.


                  John
                   Noaks
               



            . I took the prisoner; he said he did not do it himself, but said the breeches were sold to an old-clothes-man under the arch-way at the end of Strand-lane.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the breeches; I found the buckles as I was going to my mother's with some things to wash.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
