





124. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      BISHOP
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. a steel chain, value 1 s. a key, value 1 d. one cloth coat, value 30 s. one cloth waistcoat, value 10 s. a pair of leather breeches, value 5 s. four shirts, value 10 s. two silk handkerchiefs, value 3 s. four pair of worsted stockings, value 4 s. an iron key, value 1 d. and one guinea, one quarter guinea, and four shillings in money, number'd, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Castle
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Daniel
                         Webb
                     



, Oct. 7
. ||


                  John
                   Castle
               



            . I lodged at Mr. Webb's in Hoxton fields


. I went to bed about nine o'clock on the 10th of October. I had every thing in the indictment about me. The next morning I missed my watch, a guinea and a quarter, the key of my portmanteau, and four shillings in silver, out of my breeches that were under my head. The portmanteau was carried out into the field; out of that I lost a coat and waistcoat, four shirts, seven pair of stockings, three handkerchiefs, two silk and a linen one, three neck-cloths: There was a pair of breeches, and a new piece of nankeen left in the fields; they were in the portmanteau with the other things. The prisoner was a lodger in the house; he laid with me; he went away that morning before day-light, and has not been heard of since till last night; his absconding made me suspect him; I went down to Portsmouth after him, as I had an information that he was there; he was gone from thence, and we found him in Buckinghamshire, near Fullmore, in a born a threshing; he had my hat on his head, and these things were in the house. (Producing a waistcoat and three shirts, four pair of stockings, and a linen handkerchief.) These were part of the things I lost, I knew them by my marks; he said he took them from me, and he show'd me where he sold the watch, it was to 
               
                  John
                   Hans
               



             at Staines; he said he had sold my coat at Godalmin in Surry, but he did not know the man he sold it to.


                  Daniel
                   Webb
               



            . Castle lodged at my house at Hoxton when this robbery was committed; I have moved since it was done. Between four and five in the morning John Castle came to my room, and desired for God's sake I would give him a light, for Bishop had got up and robbed him of his watch, &c. I went to Portsmouth, and Fullmore, and Staines, with Castle. I saw the watch produced at Staines. The prisoner said he sold the coat at Godalmin. They lay together in one bed


                  John
                   Hanas
               



            . I am a watch-maker at Staines. I bought this watch of the prisoner. (The watch deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I owned it because they said they would make it up with me.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
