







790, 791, 792. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      LEVER
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      BURKS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE
                      RIMER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing three silver salts, value 27 s. and one silver milk ladle, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John
                   Stears
               




            , Oct. 15
. +
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoners.).


                  John
                   Stears
               



            . I keep a cutlery warehouse, and sell plate
, in the Strand, opposite Hungerford-market


. I was at work in a little shop in my yard, when I was informed the shop had been robbed; I came into the shop and found a pane of glass broke in the window, and I missed the plate mentioned in the indictment; Mr. Oxlade told me he had taken notice of the boys, and should know them again; we went down to Charing Cross but could not find them; when I came back, I found a mob about my door, and Mr. Oxlade came and told me, the three boys that had stole my plate were on the other side the way; we followed them; they turned up a court; I went after them; on entering the court I met them coming out; Levi rushed by me; Burks was stooping as if doing something to the knee of his breeches; I took him; I turned round and saw Mr. Mathews had got Rimer in custody. Levi was taken the same night.


                  George
                   Oxlade
               



            . On Thursday night the 15th of this month, as I was going down the Strand, towards Charing Cross, on the left side of the way, I saw Lever sitting against a post, close by the oil shop, at the corner of Hungerford-market; when I came up to him, he gave a loud cough; the street was very clear at that time, and I was apprehensive they were going to do something to me; I immediately looked round and saw the other two lads cross from the silver-smith's shop which is opposite; I made a little stop, Lever passed me, and then the other two prisoners came and gave something to him; then they went all together under a gateway. I went over the way to watch them; I waited a little while, and the two boys returned to the shop window; I then crossed over towards the of shop, and I saw Burks go to the corner of the window; Rimer continued standing in the middle, looking very hard into the shop; I was very confident I saw the least boy's hand through the glass; somebody coming past they were interrupted, and walked on towards the city; then I crossed over, and walked gently by the shop to see if the glass was broke; I perceived a hole in the corner pane that appeared to be broke or cut out; there was just room to put a hand in; then I went into the oil shop and told them what had happened, and said I would wait till they returned; I waited about a quarter of an hour; they did not come; then I went and alarmed the prosecutor; he went with me to Charing-Cross; we parted at Northumberland house; just after parting with Mr. Stears, I saw the three prisoners coming together, as from White-hall; I was on the opposite side of the way; I returned and kept opposite to them; when I came to Mr. Stear's shop, I informed him the boys were on the other side the way; we pursued them, and took Burk and Rymer.
James Mathews deposed, that he joined in persuit of the prisoners; that he apprehended Rimer, who at first pretended to be exceeding drunk; that he took him to the prosecutor's where he appeared to be very sober, and was very abusive, and that he, after Lever was in custody, went to see him in the Round-house, and was certain he was one of the three persons they pursued.


                  Elizabeth
                   Cameron
               



             deposed, that passing by the prosecutor's shop, she saw Burk and Rymer at the window, who were swearing at each other and mentioning the particular pieces of plate they chose; that suspecting their design, she spoke to them, and they threatened to ill treat her and followed her.
Lever said, in his defence, that seeing a mob, he followed some of them to the Round house that there be was accused of bring one of them, and was taken into custody.
Rimer said, that he was going on board a collier; that he went to Limehouse to meat a person; that on his return he met Burk near Exeter-change in the Strand; that he agreed to go with him to Charing-cross, and that on their return, he was taken into custody.
Burks said his sister sent him to Charing-cross to enquire if the Greenwich stage was came in, and that in his return home, he was charged with this fact.
He called Catharine Smith, his sister, who said she had sent him out on that errand at six o'clock, and 
               
                  Mary
                   Stevenson
               



            , who gave him a good character.
All 

               Guilty
            . 




               T
            .
See Burks tried No. 109, and Rimer No. 12, in the present mayoralty for burglaries.
