





71. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Edwards
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one mahogany tea chest, with three in canisters, value 13 s. one mahogany tea chest with three wooden canisters, value 40 s. nine looking glasses in mahogany frames, value 6 s. two mahogany glass frames, value 18 s. and one mahogany knife case, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George
                            Seddon
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            , December the twenty-seventh
. ++


                  George
                   Seddon
               



            . I live in Aldersgate-street


. I lost a tea-chest out of the shop a fortnight before Christmas; I got a bill printed, and two chests were found at a pawnbroker's in Bishops-gate-street; one of my men told me he saw the prisoner with a glass under his arm, so I sent my clerk to the broker's in Moorfields, where I found seven of my glasses; the prisoner had worked journey-work for me ever since August.
John Carr. I am a pawnbroker in Bishops-gate-street; on the thirteenth of December, about six in the evening, I took in a plain mahogany ogee tea chest, with tin canisters, in the name of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Johnson
               



            ; I think I took it in from the prisoner, it was such a size man. On the twenty-seventh, that day fortnight, about six in the evening, I took in a mahogany inlaid chest, with wood canisters, in the name of 
               
                  James
                   Thornton
               



            ; after he was gone out I mistrusted he was the same person I had seen before. On the twenty-ninth Mr. Seddon's man came with a hand bill; I saw the chests described; I sent the boy up stairs and brought them down to the man; he looked at them, and said, they were his master's; one of the clerks came and owned the chest; I described the man; Mr. Seddon desired me to go among his men on the next morning, and see if I saw the man; I went, but did not see him there; I heard no more of it till he was taken up. I believe him to be the man. I am not positive.
Q. to Mr. Seddon. Was he there when this man looked over the men?
Seddon. No. (The chest produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Q. to Mr. Seddon. What do you know the chest by?
Seddon. From the work.
- Russel. I keep an upholstery and cabinet warehouse in Moorfields, in partnership with two other people; I have got three looking glasses, two of them were bought when I was out of the way by my partners; one of them I bought the tenth of November, or thereabouts; I bid him money for it, he would not take it; he went away, in two minutes he came back and took the money. I have known him five or six years; I have bought goods of him; having bought this glass. Mr. Seddon's man came one day, and afted if we had bought any tea chests of one Edwards; my partner said not; I thought the glasses might he stole; I went to Mr. Seddon's, and shewed him the glass, one of the clerks went up in the shop, and the man acknowledged the work to be theirs.
Mr. Seddon. I know this to be mine.
- Hitchcock. I keep an upholstery and cabinet warehouse in Moorfields; I bought three of these glasses; I bought one glass and two frames; I have known him five years; he was a master cabinet maker in Baldwin's Gardens, and kept men; I bought goods of him then, and have ever since.
- Cloak. I am an upholsterer and cabinet maker; I live in Moorfields; I have two glasses I bought of the prisoner the beginning of December; I bought four in all, two of which I have sold; I have known him these five years; I bought goods of him at various times.
- Abbott. I am a workman under Mr. Seddon, Mr. Russell came into the shop and brought a looking glass, and the clerk accompanied him, and asked me if I had got the back of it; there were particular marks in it that I knew it to be my own workmanship; and several afterwards were so done.


                  Jonathan
                   Fall
               



            . I am an upholsterer, and live in St. Paul's Church-yard; I bought a small desert knife case of the prisoner in November; I did not know him; he came recommended to me by a workman of mine; I can't positively swear to the man; but the man that brought him to me has worked for me a considerable time.


                  Andrew
                   Simmington
               



            . The prisoner called upon me one day with this knife case, and wanted me to recommended him to a customer.
(The several articles were produced by the witnesses, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I shall leave my defence to my council, but please to hear me a word or two in my defence upon this point. The goods which are now attempted to be proved to be the property of Mr. Seddon, are my own manufacturing. I lived six years ago in Baldwin's Gardens, Gray's Inn Lane. I went to an auction at Crayden, in Surry, and bought the glasses, and other goods to the value of 25 l. odd money. I sent a horse and cart for the goods the ensuing day, In coming home, about half a mile on the other side of Kingston Common, the Croydon stage and the cart met together, and a discard ensued between the people that drove the carriages. The glasses were all broke. and some of the goods injured before they came home. I made the best I could of them. I got new glasses for the frames. Some time after that, I moved into George-street, Southwark; there I continued some years in business. While I was there, Mr. Broker, a sugar-baker in Hog-lane, St. Giles's, informed me that he had got some sugar-chests to sell, that brought sugar from the Havannah, which is the wood these glass are made of. After that I went to live in Peter's-street, Soho, and there the bargain was made for this Havannah chest wood, commonly called Havannah sugarwood, Some were large, some small. In order to make these frames come cheap, I worked some time at it, till I could go no farther on account of want of necessaries. I wrote to a friend that supplied me with money (I shall call him.) I did not finish these frames; I went on with them; now and then; sometimes I made a table, or two or three; I went on, in order to support my family, at other times at nights, when my work was done. It was about November last was twelve months that I came into this Peter's-street, Soho. It was in August; I worked there some time, and made tables, and such things, which I sold to these gentlemen in Moorfields. A little time after that, I think about the month of August, it was one day of August last, I thought I would go and work journey-work. I went to Mr. Lewis in Baldwin's Gardens, to ask for work. He told me, if I could make such and such tables, which brother of mine did that is deceased; if I could make some of that kind of new tables, he would employ me. I went, and was them five weeks. I was inclined to go to table-working entirely. I went to Mr. Seddon's, being a gentleman that does a great deal of business. He told me he would employ me in table-making. I worked there three months successively. About two months ago, I had the ague. I acquainted my master with it. I had not been at work four or five days. He came to my bench, and spoke to me; he asked me the matter; I said, I have the ague. He said, You must get d - d drunk for it. One day I could work, another I could not. I thought I would sell these glasses I had so long by me, and finish these frances, which I did, made out of this Havannah wood, and sold them one by one, two was the most I sold together: If these glasses had been feloniously stolen, I should not have publickly sold them as I did, I employed myself with making up these glasses in this interval of time: the knife case I have been three years and nine months about: the furniture upon it I had from Birmingham, because, when in trade for myself, I had all my brass cabinet furniture from Birmingham: as to the wood in these mahogany frames, I hope the gentlemen of the jury will be acquainted with the nature of the wood; a baker might as well swear, with as much propriety, to a loaf cut one from the other, as a man swear that is his property: it is all straight grain. A carpenter might as well swear to a deal board, as there is no variety in it, as swear to that.
Court to Mr. Seddon. Did you not say this was your own writing upon the cover?
Seddon. Yes.
Mr. Fall. There was the same mark upon the case as there is upon the cover. I put my mark over it.
Prisoner. I trust to the rest of my defence my learned council will clear me.
For the Prisoner.


                  Daniel
                   Porter
               



            . I have known him six years. I have dealt with him for a good deal of money in his way. I never heard any harm of him.


                  John
                   Mackey
               



            . I have known him three years: he is my next door neighbour: he made a counting-house for me. I trusted him in my shop among my soap and goods; I never lost any.


                  Jasper
                   Browner
               



            . I have known him between eight and nine years; he had a back room of me. I never saw any thing but honesty by him in my life.
Q. From the Jury. You are a cabinet maker; can you swear to a piece of work if you see it again, after you make it?
Browner. I commonly stamp my name upon my work, I don't know it else. I could have sworne to it if I had made it.


                  William
                   Needary
               



            . I have known him several years; he is an honest man, a down-right honest man.
John Hall. I have known him six years a very honest man; he rented a house of me two years ago. I have recommended him to a good many customers.
Q. Have you known him the last six months back?
Hall. I have known him till within this four months past.


                  William
                   Watson
               



            . I have known him between six and seven years; he has a very good character.


                  John
                   Williams
               



            . I have known him ever since I have been in town. I never heard any thing but what was good of him.


                  George
                   Rawlinson
               



            . I have known him eight or nine years. I am a smith in Oxford-street: he bears a good character.
For the Prosecution.


                  James
                   Holes
               



            . I made the frames of the glasses; looking at them I know them, both by the quality of the wood, and the workmanship. I made twenty four of these. I have looked over them all that are here; they are all my own making.
- Goadby. I am journey man to Mr. Seddon. I made this tea chest.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
