





325. (L. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Jackson
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 3 l. a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10 s. a silver seal, value 1 s. a glass seal, a knife, a quarter guinea, and ten shillings in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Barlow
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Ann
                         Hatton
                     



, widow, April 19
. *


                     John
                      Barlow
                  




               
            . I live at Mrs. 
               
                  Ann
                   Hatton
               



            's, at the Woolpack, a public-house in Thames street


. I am a tidesman
 belonging to his Majesty's customs. On the 18th of this month, there was a large piece of beef dressed on account of Mr. Alderman Wilkes's enlargement. I saw the prisoner in the kitchen about eight; he was helping Mrs. Hatton and the maid to spit the meat. He had had a quarrel with his uncle, who is of the same employ as I am. I indulged him to let him lie in my bed for three or four nights, and I lay out of it myself. I had lent him a cane the Sunday fortnight before: when I saw him below, I asked him for it; he said he would go and get it: he went out; I saw no more of him that day. I went out, and returned about eight at night. I asked if they had seen the prisoner: I was told he had been there, but was suddenly missed. I went to bed, and the next morning I awaked about six. I missed my watch, my money out of my left-hand breeches pocket, a quarter guinea and ten shillings: my keys were gone, and my drawers open; my silver buckle out of my shoes. I alarmed Mrs. Hatton: she and her sister got up; we went down stairs, and found the door was left upon the slip-lock; three bolts were left undone. I had heard a bad character of the prisoner; I suspected him. I went in search of him, and found him in a boat along-side a vessel, about eight o'clock that morning. I took him, and brought him home, and sent for an officer, and brought him before my lord mayor. I found one buckle, one seal, and the knife upon him there. He confessed my watch was on board the Nelly, 
               
                  James
                   Smith
               



            , master: the vessel was set sail. He had been on board, as Captain Smith told me.


                  John
                   Sand
               



            , the constable, deposed to the finding the buckle, knife, and seal upon him, and the prisoner owning the watch was on board the ship.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went out of the house between eight and nine o'clock, at candle-light, and never came there till I was brought there.




               Guilty. 39 s.
            



               T
            .
