





219. (M.) 
               
                  ELIZABETH
                   the 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        EMANUEL
                         HURST
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing a linen counterpane, value six shillings, a blanket, value three shillings, two linen sheets, value six shillings, a copper pottage pot, value six shillings, a copper tea kettle, value two shillings, a looking glass in a mahogany frame, value six-pence and eight pound of feathers, value eight shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George
                            Morrison
                        




                     
                  , the said goods being in a certain lodging room, let by contract to the said Elizabeth, by the said George
            , December 26th
.


                  George
                   Morrison
               



            . I keep a lodging house
 in Old Tun-street, Westminster


, the prisoner took a lodging of me the 25th of October, (her husband belongs to the army,) she lodged with me till the 14th of January; she had taken the feathers out of the bed and some of them were scattered on the stairs, that led to a discovery; I asked the prisoner if she knew any thing of the feathers on the stairs, she said no, I desired to search her room, she said I should not till her husband came home, (he was on an out party when she took the room) he came home on the 25th of November, and had remained at home ever since; as I was speaking to her, he came up stairs, I told him I had some suspicion the things were gone and desired to see what was in the room, they both remained silent for five minutes; then he said, I told you what you would bring yourself to; I insisted upon seeing what was in the room, the prisoner said there was nothing to be seen. I went in, and found half the feathers taken out of the bed, and missed the other things mentioned in the indictment, she confessed she had pawned them, some at a pawn-brokers in a passage between Tottle-Street and the armoury, and the rest in Tottle-Street; I went and found all the things.
The two pawnbrokers produced the goods and deposed that they received them of the prisoner, the goods were deposed to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence.
There was another woman in the lodging before I took it, I pawned the things for her, when she went out I took the lodging, Morrison never went into the room to see if the goods were there when I took it.
She called one witness who gave her a good character.




[Transportation. See summary.]


