






578. (M) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      GOSLING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a blue cloth great coat, value eighteen shillings; the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles
                            Grave Hudson
                        



                     
                  , Esq
; and a red and white linen handkerchief, value six-pence; the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert
                            Holmden
                        



, August 24
||.


                  Robert
                   Holmden
               



            . I am coachman
 to Mr. Hudson. I lost a box coat and a coat and waistcoat out of my master's stable at Mortlock in Surry


. On the 23 l of August I saw them about half after eight at night, and missed them about five o'clock next morning; I found them at the house of one Mr. Madan, a salesman, in Rag-Fair, on the 25th; I told him they were stole from my master, and asked him how he came by them; he said, he bought them, and went out and brought to me a man, he said, he bought them of: he is here; I know nothing of the prisoner of my own knowledge; I have the coat and waistcoat in the handkerchief that was in the pocket: I asked Madan, if he bought a handkerchief; he said, yes, and produced that too.
(The box coat was produced in court, and deposed to by Holmden.)


                  Lawrence
                   Mc.Carty
               



            . I am an old cloaths man, I bought the great coat and a coat and waistcoat of the prisoner and another man, at a public house, the coach and horses, Ratcliff-Highway. I never saw the prisoner before, but have seen him several times since, and I am sure he is the man. I bought them the day before Holmden came and found them, I gave fourteen shillings for the box coat; I bought the coat and waistcoat for sixteen shillings and a pot of beer, I sold them to Mr. Madan a salesman in Rag Fair the same day, the box coat for eighteen shillings and six-pence, and the coat and waistcoat for twenty shillings.


                  Matthias
                   Chambers
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Madan, I bought the box coat of Mc.Carty for my master.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all of the things.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


