





44. (L.) 
               
                  
                     EDMUND
                      COLEMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               ripping, cutting, and stealing a certain leaden pipe the property of the 
                     
United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies




                  , being affixed to their dwelling house
            , Oct. 30th
. +


                  Thomas
                   Smith
               



            . My master, 
               
                  William
                   Stockley
               



            , is bricklayer to the East India Company. On Friday the 29th of October, the prisoner and another man went to work for Mr. Petit, master bricklayer at the East India coffee-house, which is next door to the India House; on the 29th, Friday, it rained into the India House; I sent to our master on Saturday; I went up and discovered a great quantity of lead taken away; I was looking over the parapet wall, and there I saw the prisoner wrenching this pipe away from the Company's premises; this pipe came down into Leadenhall-market; it was against the side of the wall of the house; he reached the lead from the inside of the trough.
Q. He had not carried any off?
Smith. No, because he saw me.
Q. Was it loosened from the house?
Smith. I saw him pull it down; he removed it four feet from the Company's premises upon another person's; he left off when he saw me; then he drew his ladder up and went off the premises; I asked him who he was at work for; he said Mr. Petit.
Q. Had he any business there?
Smith. No; he was at work on the India House coffee-house; this was some distance from that place; he had got there by letting down a ladder; the pipe was twenty or more feet from where he was at work.
Q. Whether or no any thing he was doing there might require this pipe to be moved though he had no right to move it?
Smith. It lay a great way off, and it could be of no use in his work.
Q. Was the pipe higher or lower?
Smith. The pipe was much lower than he was at work.


                  William
                   Goodwin
               



            . Upon the 1st of November I had a message from the India House to send a person to take measure of some lead that was stolen; I sent my man; I could not attend myself; when I went to look I found the lead was wrenched off by force: I am master plumber to the company.
Q. Would it be of any service in the job he was upon to remove this pipe?
Goodwin. No, it could be of no use.

The constable deposed that the lead produced was the same as was delivered to him.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was mending the tiling the rubbish fell down into the gutters; I went down to clean them out; I did not wrench off the pipe.
He called 
               
                  John
                   Taylor
               



            , 
               
                  John
                   Stonard
               



            , 
               
                  Richard
                   Gilbert
               



            , and 
               
                  William
                   Weston
               



            , who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
