





602. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann
                   the wife
 of 
                     Isaac
                      Murphy
                  
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one mock garnet necklace, value 1 s. one muslin handkerchief, value 1 s. one linen handkerchief, value 1 s. one changeable coloured silk handkerchief, value 6 d. four yards of thread lace, value 1 s. and two muslin caps, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Salter
                  




               
            , July 11
.


                  Samuel
                   Salter
               



            . I am a baker
; I live at Ratcliffe cross


. I lost these things. The woman was detected the eleventh day of July; she came into my shop; my wife came in to me, and said that woman was the thief; then she desired me to go for an officer. I went to justice Sherwood for a warrant, he was not at home; I went to where he was; he desired me to go to his clerk: he was in bed.


                  Hannah
                   Salter
               



            . This woman kept a chandler's shop
 in our neighbourhood; she had the reputation of being an honest woman; I served her with bread, her husband is a sailor; at the time the press was at that part of the town she was afraid he might be pressed, she prevailed upon my husband, to suffer her husband to lie in my house, he did for three weeks afterwards; I turned away my servant, the prison was up and down in the house; I missed a great many things; I had no suspicion in the least of her; on the 11th of July, the prisoner came in to pay me some money; I observed some of my own lace on her cap; I said to my husband, I would go to her, and if she would give me the things I would not hurt her; I went to her house and said, she had got my cap on, and desired to have it; I said, she had took it by a mistake, I supposed, the prisoner said the lace was her own, and was given her by one Mrs. Leveredge, a grocer's wife, where she lived some time ago; I said it was my property; if she would let me search her house quietly I would do it; and take my own things again, but not get an officer; she consented, I found a great number of things my own property; I spread them out on the bed as I found them; the prisoner said, it was at my peril to touch them, and death to take them out of the house; then I was for going up into the two pair of stairs room to search; she would not let me; she turned me out of the house while the other went for an officer; she jammed my petticoat and gown between the door and the post a considerable time; the officer came; he thought he could not justify breaking into the house for want of a search warrant, and so could not make search that night; we planted a watchman at the door to prevent the prisoner getting away before morning; but the prisoner did, and I saw no more of her till the Monday following; on Tuesday we got a search warrant executed; and then found the things mentioned in the indictment; which are my property; the lace was ripped of some ruffles of her own; the prisoner before the justice said, she bought all the things of an old rag woman.
"The prisoner in her defence, said, she had
"some of the things by her several years, that
"others had been given her; that the changeable
"silk handkerchief belonged to the prosecutrix;
"that it came with some linen to be
"washed, and by accident was not sent back
"again; she called 
               
                  Hannah
                   Savestring
               



            , her
"sister, who said she had two new linen
"handkerchiefs, two years ago, like these the
"prosecutrix deposed to; and - Smith,
"who said the prosecutrix had complained of
"being robbed before the prisoner went to
"live with her; she also called three witnesses,
"who gave her a good character."



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
