





443. (2d. M) 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH
                      BENOIT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing an oval Saxon China snuffbox set in gold, with the figure of a dog in the top, with two brilliant diamonds for the eyes, value twenty pounds, a gold and silver square snuff-box, value seven pounds six shillings, fourteen linen shirts with embroidered muslin ruffles, value twenty two pounds, seven linen shirts, value three pounds thirteen shillings and sixpence, a crimson sattin waistcoat trimmed with silver lace, value six pounds six shillings, thirteen linen handkerchiefs, value thirty shillings, and a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value ten shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Giovanni
                      Gallucci
                  




               
            , May 3
. ++
The prisoner being a Frenchman, an interpreter was sworn.


                  Giovanni
                   Gallucci
               



            . I lost a snuff-box set in gold with a little dog upon it with two brilliants set for eyes, and the rest of the things mentioned in the indictment, ( repeating them.) I missed them on the 3d of May from a chest of drawers, in which I kept them. I saw the square silver snuff-box three days before; but as to the other things I do not know how long they have been missing: they were locked up, but the key was left upon the drawers. The prisoner was my servant
. As soon as I told him I missed my things, he went off. I have recovered nothing but one handkerchief, that I found in the prisoner's possession at Brighthelmstone, a shirt, and a pair of ruffles; I found the ruffles in the prisoner's own portmanteau; in the garret he lay in, after he was gone. At the last examination before the justice, the prisoner confessed he had the two snuff-boxes; but he said, that Mrs. Gallucci gave them to him. I entrusted him and found him honest till this time.
Question from the prisoner. Whether you did not entrust me with all your cloaths?
Gallucci. I had my cloaths in the prisoner's room because I had no room in my own, but it was kept under lock.


                  James
                   John Molins
               



            . I was present when the ruffles were found in the prisoner's portmanteau. (The ruffles were produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner. There was a shirt and a pair of ruffles found in the portmanteau, which my mistress gave me.


                  Thomas
                   Day
               



            . After Mr. Gallucci advertised the things, the prisoner was stopped at Brighthelmstone; there being no house of correction, he was detained in a room, in a public house: we searched him, and found a handkerchief, in the room where he was, not on his person. (The handkerchief was produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Mrs. Gallucci. I am wife of the prosecutor. I discovered the theft. The first article I missed, was the gold snuff-box. On the prisoner's going off, I looked over my things, and missed all the rest of the things mentioned in the indictment.
Prisoner's Defence.
My mistress may swear what she pleases: she gave me the things. I have nothing else to say in my defence. I have no witness. I have a good character in my pocket.
Mrs. Gallucci. I did not give them to him; if he had not stolen them, he need not have run off.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
