





108. (M.) 
               
                  MARY, the wife
 of 
                     
                        JOHN
                         PITTAWAY
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing two silver table, spoons, value 10 s. two silver tea spoons, value 4 s. two linen shirts, value 28 s. a linen table-cloth , value 1 s. one linen handkerchief, value 8 d. one muslin neckcloth, value 1 s. two copper saucepans, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Bennett
                  




               
            , Jan 31st
. *
The Rev. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Bennett
               



            . I live in College-street, Westminster


 ; the prisoner lived with me as a char-woman
 . On Wednesday the 2d of this month my wife informed me the things mentioned in the indictment were missed, and that she had charged the prisoner with taking them ; whilst she was telling me, the prisoner came into the room, fell on her knee, and begged for mercy; I told her I should do nothing without advice; I went out; when I returned in the evening, I asked her where the things were; she said they were pledged by her daughter in the name of 
               
                  Diana
                   Dye
               



            , at the Angel, in Angel-court; she mentioned two table spoons, two tea spoons, two shirts, a tablecloth , and a handkerchief. A day or two after I sent for the daughter ; she told me she pawned the things at a pawnbroker's in Tothil-street; the next morning I went to Mr. Bengough's in the Broad Place, and asked if he had any things pledged in the name of Diana Dye, and he produced the three shirts marked with the initials of my name (the things produced and deposed to by the prosecutor). In the morning I had her taken before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            . The other things were produced at the Justice's. I can swear to the two table spoons, one tea spoon, and a handkerchief; the rest I cannot swear to.


                  Ebenezer
                   Stokes
               



             . I took in pledge the two saucepans of the prisoner's daughter ( producing them ).


                  Ann
                   Bengough
               



            . I took in three sheets in the name of Diana Dye, of a young woman a stranger to me.


                  James
                   Sinclair
               



            . I took in the silver spoons of a young woman, in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Pittaway
               



             (producing them).
The prisoner called several witnesses, who gave her a good character, and said she took them to raise money to assist her husband, who was under an execution, and believed she intended to replace them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
