





390. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH
                      MEREDEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two live geese, value 2 s. and four live ducks, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Smith
                  




               
            , March the 22d
. ++


                  Richard
                   Smith
               



            . I live at Stanwell


: I lost two geese and four ducks, which I kept in my yard; upon the 18th of March, at night, the ducks were lost.
Arney Elson. I am servant to Mr. Smith. Two geese and four ducks were lost on the Sunday morning; we missed them about ten o'clock: I put the geese into the house and the ducks were left in the yard; this was at about five or six o'clock on Sunday morning; at ten I missed the geese and ducks.


                  John
                   Burgess
               



            . About half after six o'clock a lad belonging to Mr. Elling of Hounslow, called me, and I saw near a hovel of Mr. Elling's some feathers of ducks, which occasioned suspicion. Two men were in the hovel; I asked them if they had any poultry to sell; they said they had; the four ducks and two geese were produced; seeing them, and suspecting the quantity of poultry were not come honestly by, I offered to secure them, but they ran away; the ducks and geese were seized and led to Brentford; they were delivered to one Gatfield, a constable. I went before Mr. Drinkwater, a justice of the peace; he ordered them to be left in the custody of Mr. Lewis at Brentford.


                  Richard
                   Powell
               



            . I live near Mr. Smith: I lost a great deal of poultry. From the alarm of a man's being taken under suspicious circumstances, I came to look at the poultry, when they were in the possession of Mr. Lewis, and when Burgess was there. I saw them ducks and geese left in the possession of Lewis; the prisoner said he bought them at Maidenhead; afterwards he said he had them at Berry, a village four miles of.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
