






90, 91. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARGARET
                      WHITE
                  



               
            , spinster, and 
               
                  
                     JANE
                      BENNET
                  



               
            , spinster, were indicted, the first for 


               stealing a pair of linen sheets, value 12 s. two linen shirts, value 4 s. a cotton gown, value 6 s. a cloth apron, value 6 d. and a pair of stays, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth
                      Probat
                  



               
            , spinster, and the other for 


               receiving the cotton gown, the cloth apron and the pair of stays, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Sep. 16

. +


                  Elizabeth
                   Probat
               



            , I am a washer-woman
, and live in Denmark-street



. I employed the prisoner (White) to assist me; I observed on the 14th of September, she had a handkerchief of mine upon her neck; I took her up on the 16th, having missed some more things, and I found a gown and apron at Mrs. Bennet's. The other prisoner, who is a dealer in clothes, and White, informed me of two or three other places, where I found some other things. Bennet gave her a character, when I took her. Bennet pressed her to tell me where my things were; they both at that time denied having any knowledge of them.


                  William
                   Taylor
               



            . I am a constable; I took up White in Bennet's appartments; I told Bennet I had a warrant to search her room; she said I was very welcome to search, for if there was any thing there that was stole it was unknown to her, for she had been out of town some time. I found an apron on the back of a chair, and a gown in a basket under the bed, which were owned by the prosecutrix. Bennet owned she had sold a pair of stays White brought to her.


                  Mary
                   Neale
               



            . I bought these stays (producing them) in September of Bennet.
- Dillow. I bought these two shirts (producing them); they were brought to me by Mrs. Bennet's little girl.
White said nothing in her defence.
Bennet said that she sold the stays at the request of White, and knew nothing of the other things being in her room; that they were brought there when she was out of town.
Bennet called eight witnesses, who gave her a very good character.
White 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Bennet 

               acquitted
            .
