





676 (L.) 
               
                  
                     PETER
                      HARRIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two cotton counterpanes, value five shillings, two linen sheets, value four shillings, two linen aprons, value three shillings, four linen shirts, value sixteen shillings, two linen shirts, value four shillings, one linen frock, value twelve-shillings, two linen waistcoats, value thirty shillings, a cambrick handkerchief; value eight shillings and a linen gown value eight shillings
            ; the property of 
               
                  
                     Penelope
                      Owen
                  




               
            , August 29th
. ++


                  Penelope
                   Owen
               



            . I live in Thames-street


, I went out to a day's work. I had before washed a great many things, and bundled them up. When I came home at night, I saw the counterpane which I had washed in the week, on the ground, then I saw the prisoner come down stairs, he flew past me like an arrow out of a bow; my daughter pursued him. I went up stairs and found all the things mentioned in the indictment bundled up in a sheet, on a frame of the window, half in and half out. I has steped home about an hour before, they were safe then. I am sure the prisoner is the man, he was taken in about half a quarter of an hour; I knew him again directly.


                  Thomas
                   Cooke
               



            . The prosecutor came into my house and said she had been robbed, I live next door to her. I went up stairs and found her door broke open and this chissel [producing it] in the room close to the door, with which it appeared to have been done. The prisoner was taken and brought to my house in about five minutes after. The prosecutrix knew him immediately.


                  John
                   Hoy
               



            . I pursued the prisoner and took him; he begged of me to let him go and said if I did not, he should be either hanged or transported.


                  Alice
                   Masters
               



            . The prosecutrix is my mother, I heard her cry out that she was robbed. I ran down stairs and say the prisoner turn the corner; I pursued him, I never lost sight of him. My mother knew him again as soon as he was brought back.
"The prisoner laid nothing in his defence,
"but called five witnesses, who gave him
"good character."



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


