





124. (L.) 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      SIMPSON
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing seven guineas, and one pound thirteen shillings in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Bacchus
                  




               
            , December 23d
, ++


                  John
                   Bacchus
               



            . As I was going along Bishopsgate-street, about six o'clock in the evening of the 23d of December. When I was near Hand-Alley, the prisoner laid hold of me, and wanted me to go home with her, I told her I did not chuse it, I had a good wife of my own, she continued with me till I came to Hounsditch


, then she came before me, and said I should go home with her, and if I would not stay I should know where to call again, through her persuasion I went home with her, I went up into her room, with her there were two women sitting by the fire, they asked for something to drink, I sent for a quartern of gin, and the prisoner drank it then the other two women left me in the room with the prisoner, I told her I had rather not have any thing to do with her, she said then I will call in my sister, and called in the other two women they began to pull me about, I told them I would give them a guinea to let me go. The prisoner cried out,
"I'll guinea you, blast you, and then they all three threw me down on the bed, and I cried out murder, they stopt my mouth with the bed cloaths, I saw 
               
                  Ann
                   Simpson
               



             take my money out of my pocket, and put it into her own pocket.
Q. Was you sober?
Bacchus. I was very sober.
Prisoner's Defence,
I have nothing to say for myself, my witnesses are not here, I beg your lordship will ask the prosecutor, whether he did not offer when I was in the Counter to take his money, and make it up.
Bacchus. I did not she sent after me several times, I said the law should take its course,



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
