





391. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Charles
                            Scola
                        




                     
                  , did make an assault with intent the money and effects of the said Charles to steal
            , April 6
. *


                  Charles
                   Scola
               



            . On the 6th of April about twelve o'clock at night, coming down Sherwood-street


 in a coach, the coach stopped to set me down; a man opened the door; I asked him civilly what he wanted; he said twice, your money, gentlemen, your money! I whipped out my sword, and run it somewhere in his face; I jumped out of the coach, and cried, stop thief! and he ran away. I heard no more of him till he was taken.
Q. When the coach was stopped, and the man opened the door, could you distinguish his person?
Scola. No; he had a slouched hat; I cannot swear that the prisoner is the man.


                  John
                   Crofton
               



            . On the 6th of April, between eleven and twelve, as I was going up a turning into Sherwood-street, I heard the cry of stop thief: there was a coach about twelve yards from me: I saw a person running without a hat; I lifted up my cane, and he jumped from the foot-way into the coach-way; I followed him and struck him on the back of the head with my cane; that stopped him; there was a gentleman with me at a distance that followed him; his name is John Hall; I thought Mr. Hall had him fast, but he got from him; I followed him to Shug-lane, and there I struck him once or twice; Mr. Hall said take care he has either a knife or pistol; I took up my cane to strike him again, and he run at me, and struck me with something in my eye, I believe it was a pistol; I knocked him aside and fell down; I got up again on the foot-way; he ran towards where there was a cry of stop thief; he then returned back again, and I struck him again; I was rather spent at that time; Mr. Hall came up to me, and asked me whether I was wounded or hurt; I said no, not at all; he said lend me your cane, I can run faster then you; he took it and run after him, and knocked him down; I came up instantly, and Mr. Hall and I gave him up to the watch; we went to the watch house; we did not know what he had done; the next morning we had him before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             and Mr. Scola was there.
Q. You saw the coach?
Crofton. Yes, and a sword drawn, but had no body to assist me but my companion Mr. Hall.
Q. The next morning at the watch-house did you perceive any wound?
Crofton. There was the scratch of a sword in his neck; he was very much wounded in the head with this cane; I desired to fetch a surgeon to have it dressed that night; I believe it was dressed.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Which way did the person run when you had wounded him?
Scola. Down Sherwood-street towards Shug-lane.
Q. to Crofton. Was you present: when he was searched?
Crofton. No; the pistol was taken from him by a gentleman while he was running.


                  Simon
                   Houston
               



            . On the 6th of this month I spent the evening at a coffee-house in James-street, Golden-square, with some gentlemen, two of whom live in the square; I and another came down Sherwood-street, at twelve o'clock; almost facing my friends in Charles-street, there was a coach and some people about it; I passed by, but had not been gone above ten or fifteen yards before I heard the cry of stop thief; I turned about and saw a man run away and two other men in pursuit of him; the foremost of the two men was pretty close to him; I imagined he had been some pick pocket; I ran into the coach-way with intent to seize him as he passed by; he however got past me, and ran down Shug-lane; the same man that I saw nearest him first, pursued him down Shug-lane, and was very near him; the other man and I followed him.
Q. Who was the other man?
Houston. Mr. Hall: about the middle of Shug-lane, on the right hand side he was taken; but they jostled off the path way almost to the opposite side of the street; when I came up to them he was all over bloody, and somebody hollowed out that he had got a knife in his hand; the blood was running quite fresh; I seized his hand and found a pistol instead of a knife, charged with a slug and snapped as it is now. (Produces a pocket pistol.)
Prisoner. He said before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             he did not believe I was the person he took the pistol from.
Houston. I did not; I said I was not certain to him.
John Hall. I was in company with Mr. Crofton in Sherwood-street, on the 6th of April, about twelve o'clock; I saw the prisoner run from the coach; I pursued him; he ran very fast from the coach without a hat; Mr. Crofton struck at him; I immediately turned round and followed him; I run about forty or fifty yards and catched him; he and I had a struggle together; a little while I was behind him, with both his hands pinning him down; I saw something in his hand; he turned it up at my head two or three times; I was afraid to look over his shoulder because I thought it was a knife, and he would cut my face; the blood was running down from the left side of his face: a person came up, I believe it was Mr. Houston; I loosed my hold, and he rushed out of my arms, and got about four feet from me, and I saw Mr. Crofton down on the ground on his back; I came up and asked Mr. Crofton if he was hurt; he said he was not; I took Mr. Crofton's cane and run after him and knocked him down in the Haymarket, in the middle of the coach way; I struck him several times; when I had got him down the watchman, Mr. Crofton, and Mr. Houston came up to me; Mr. Houston said I have got the pistol; I saw it in his hand, but Mr. Houston went away and I did not see it afterwards.


                  Nicholas
                   Porrallo
               



            . I was in the coach this night in Queen-street, Golden-square; a man came up, and said twice, gentlemen, I must have your money; Mr. Scola drew his sword; I jumped out of the coach, and found this hat (producing it); when the man demanded the money he did not produce any pistol, but held his hand under the flap of his waistcoat.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming from my cousin's in Marybone-street; coming towards the Haymarket; I did not observe any coach; a person struck me on the head; I did not know who it was; I got up and run again, and he knocked me down speechless in the Hay-market; I never had a pistol.
The prisoner called 
               
                  John
                   Ward
               



            , James Hall, 
               
                  Henry
                   Serjeant
               



            , 
               
                  William
                   Strongatarms
               



            , and 
               
                  William
                   Shutter
               



            , who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
