








483, 484. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN
                      DUNBAR
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      RING
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing twelve knives with the handles covered with silver, value 5 s. twelve forks with the handles covered with silver, value 5 s. one silk cloak laced, value 20 s. one pair of silver tea tongs, value 5 s. and five silver tops for castors, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann
                            Williams
                        



                     
                  , spinster, one silk cloak laced, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah
                            Williams
                        



                     
                  , spinster, and one silk cloak laced, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Catherine
                            Williams


                     
                  , spinster, in the dwelling house of the said 
                     
                        Ann
                         Williams
                     



, June 9th

. +
Both 

               acquitted
            .
They were again indicted for 


               stealing two silver salts, value 30 s. two silver salt spoons, value 4 s. four silver table spoons, value 40 s. one silver butter boat, value 40 s. one pair of silver tea tongs, value, 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Smith
                     



                  , in his dwelling house
            , June 15th

. +
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                     John
                      Smith
                  



               
            . I live in Five Field Road, Chelsea



, and let lodgings; I missed the plate mentioned in the indictment.


                  Sarah
                   Smith
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness: the two prisoners came on the 15th of June and desired to see a first floor we had to lett; they both went up stairs with me to see it; when we came down, we went into the fore parlour; I told them there that they might have a back parlour for the use of a servant. Ring asked if he could see the kitchen; I went down with him, and left Dunbar at the back door; when we came up they went away, and soon after I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, from a beaufet in the fore parlour; I have never seen any of them since. The prisoners said they would come again next day.


                  Elizabeth
                   Cox
               



            , who is a servant to the prosecutor, deposed, that she saw Ring in the kitchen, and that she had seen the plate about half an hour before the prisoners came to the house, and that no one had been in the house but the prisoners from the time she saw the place till it was missed.
Ring's Defence.
I never was out of the prosecutrix's sight.
Dunbar's Defence.
She found me at the door where she left me.
Both 


               guilty 39 s.
            




               T
            .
