





190. (M. 2 d.) 
               
                  Elizabeth, wife
 of Stephen Makepeace


            , was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat, value 20 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 5 s. a silk and stuff petticoat, value 5 s. a flannel petticoat, value 1 s. and a little cabinet, inlaid with ivory, value 2 l. 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward
                            Taylor
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Edward
            , Jan. 24
. +


                  Edward
                   Taylor
               



            . I live in Hog lane, Shoreditch


. We had missed several things. The prisoner was taken in my house on the 26th.


                  James
                   Parr
               



            . I am a journeyman weaver, and rent a room of Mr. Taylor. He having lost things before, we watched. I detected the prisoner in Mr. Taylor's house; she had a key in her hand, which we found would open the room door where the things were taken from. We went and searched her room in a house in Holloway-lane; there people came and told Mr. Taylor they had bought things of the prisoner.
Eliz. Welch. The prisoner offered to sell me a coat and waistcoat which she had in pawn for half a guinea. I went with her to a pawnbroker's in Hare-alley, Shoreditch. I bought them of her for eleven shillings and three half-pence. (Produced and deposed to.)
Philli's Peterson. The prisoner pawned a little cabinet to me on the 25th of January for 20 d. ( Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
One 
               
                  Ann
                   Hudson
               



             gave me these things to pawn, and I did, and sold the clothes.


                  John
                   Cook
               



             and 
               
                  William
                   Anguish
               



             gave her a good character.




               Guilty 20 s.
            



               T
            .
