





242. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ROBERT
                      CAMPBELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two canvas bags, value 1 s. one pewter pint pot, value 4 d. two iron bolts, value 3 d. and 50 lb. wt. of iron nails, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Schoolbread
                  




               
            , April 5th
. ++
John Brown. Mr. Schoolbread is owner of the Snow Peggy
; these two bags and pint pot (producing them) are the ship's property; there is the ship's name on the bags. I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  Robert
                   Wood
               



            . I am a carpenter in the Snow Peggy


: I locked the iron in the cabin at seven on Saturday night; when I came on board on Sunday morning, I found the cabin door broke open and the iron gone; the prisoner was stopped with it by the watchman; this bolt I gave to the black boy; I am sure it was in the cabin.


                  Robert
                   Edmonds
               



            . I am a watchman; I stopped the prisoner with the bag on his back; when I laid hold of him he threw the bag down and ran away; I cried stop thief; he was stopped; I am sure he is the man that had the bag.


                  Matthew
                   Woolfington
               



            . I am a watchman; I heard the last witness call stop thief; I stopped the prisoner; he had the bolt in his right hand.


                  John
                   Whellock
               



             I was constable of the night; I was called at half after three to take charge of the prisoner; he had the bolt; I asked him how he came by it; he said he had it out of a ship at Deptford that he had been at work on board; I asked the name of the ship, but he said he did not know it, nor the captain's name, nor the mate's, nor boatswain's.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the things; I had been at work that day at Deptford; I was coming up with a man who had a cag of rum in a bag; this man laid hold of him; he let down the bag, and I was stopped with the bolt in my hand which the man gave me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
