







11, 12, 13. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     HENRY
                      SAVAGE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      ARCHER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES
                      READING
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a pair of women's stuff pumps, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Rust
                  




               
            , Nov. 23
. +


                  Thomas
                   Rust
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Butcher-row, Temple-bar:


 on the 23d of November, between four and five in the afternoon, I lost the pumps out of my shop; I went out to drink some porter with a friend when they were lost.


                  John
                   Disdey
               



            . I am fourteen years old: I know the consequence of an oath; I am apprentice to the prosecutor. On the 23d of November Archer and Reading came in to buy a pair of shoes; we had none that would fit them; they were very difficult; while they were trying them on, I observed Archer nodding his head to Savage, who was on the outside of the door: he came in; I observed that while I was fitting the shoes on, this man, Savage, clapped his hands behind him, took these pair of women's callimanco pumps from the place where they lay; then he went out and said he would stay at the Black Lion ten minutes for the other man; upon his going out, I got down and considered if I had taken notice of it at that time, that as there were three men, and I was only a boy, they would run away; I bolted the door and locked it, and so kept the two prisoners in; I said as they were difficult to fit I would call my master; I went to him; he came; then I charged them with having taken the shoes; my master sent me for a constable, who took them before a justice; when they were taken, Reading asked my master if he should go and fetch Savage, as he was charged with taking them; he agreed, and Reading went to fetch Savage, who came with him.
Savage Defence.
We had agreed to go together to the Black Lion; I staid out some time; he might nod his head at us to tell us he would come presently; when I went in I said I could not stay long. I know nothing of these pumps; I was surprised at being charged with them: whether it is not a proof of my innocence that when I was charged with this fact, instead of running away, I went back in order to justify myself.
He called several witnesses that were drinking with him when Reading came and said he was charged with stealing the shoes, to prove that he went of his own accord to clear himself.
SAVAGE 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
ARCHER 

               Acquitted
            .
READING Acquitted.
