






315. 316. (1st M) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      POLLARD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET
                      BERRY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value three pounds
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin
                      Moore
                  




               
            , March 15
. ++


                  Benjamin
                   Moore
               



            . Another young fellow and I, were drinking with the prisoners, on the 16th of March; we fell a-sleep in the taproom, at a public house in Cow Cross


.
Q. The prisoners are women of the town, I suppose?
Moore. I believe so.
Q. You pretty well know that, I supose?

Moore. I cannot deny that. We had been drinking from seven in the morning till twelve, then we fell a-sleep: when we waked, my friend complained he had lost his money; and I, that I had lost my watch. While I was making the complaint, the two prisoners were brought back by Mr. 
               
                  Wood
               


             the constable, and the pawnbroker, to whom they offered it to pawn.


                  Michael
                   Wood
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the two prisoners at the pawnbroker's, I suspected them. I made an excuse to talk to the pawnbroker; I saw the watch in his hand. I said, it is a pretty watch, and asked her whose it was. She first said, it belonged to a person in the hospital. I insisted upon seeing the owner: then she said, it belonged to the prosecutor, and took us to the house at Cow Cross.


                  William
                   Borroushs
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoners offered the watch to me. I did not proceed so far as to agree to advance any thing upon the watch; the constable came in, and the women took me to the place where the prosecutor was.


                  Samuel
                   Warrey
               



            . The prosecutor's acquaintance confirms his evidence.
The prisoners in their defence, said, the prosecutor and his friend lay with them at night, and having no money, the prosecutor left his watch to pawn, to raise money.
The prosecutor denied that he gave them the watch.



               Guilty
            , 



               T
            .
