





170 (2d. M). 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      CHILD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four pair of silver shoe buckles, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Bird
                  




               
            , December 14th
. ||


                  William
                   Bird
               



            . I am a hardwareman
 and silver-smith
 in the Strand


. On Tuesday the 14th of December, about six in the evening, the window of my shop was broke; I was in the back room; one of my apprentices ran out, and I followed: when I came to the street, between Temple Bar and Butcher Row, I met with my apprentice and the prisoner; I took the prisoner home and sent for a constable, while he was gone for one, as I was searching him a large piece of cotton fell out of the bosom of his shirt: I missed four pair of buckles at that time. The method is to put the buckles upon the cotton in the show glasses; the cotton was gone with the buckles; I saw them there a quarter of an hour before; besides there was one odd buckle snatched at the same time, and not carried of, but dropped under the window. When the constable came I had him searched: he denied doing any thing of this kind himself, but said he saw another person do it.


                  Walter
                   Baddely
               



            . I was in the shop at the time the window was broke; I saw the buckles there just at that instant. I was cleaning a plated pair of spurs and did not see the window broke myself, but the moment I heard the noise I turned round and saw the prisoner with his hand in at the window taking the buckles in his grasp. I am very positive the prisoner is the man. I ran round the counter, and immediately pursued him, and searched him: I am positive to his person, there being three candles to the window; I could be quite positive to his features. The moment I opened the door to pursue him I heard a piece of glass gingle the way the prisoner ran off, when I came up with him he said, I saw the man take them, I am not the person that took them! I said nothing till my master came up, then I said that is the man. My master collared him, and brought him back into the shop. I went for the constable.
John Green, another apprentice, swore positively to the person of the prisoner.

Prisoner's Defence.
I did not take them.
He called three witnesses who gave him a good character, who said he was a gilder
 by trade and worked for his living.
Prisoner. I had cotton and small brushes which we use in our business in my pocket.
Prosecutor. In the shop, he denied the cotton being his property, or belonging to him.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
