





565. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      RAYMOND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk gown, value 15 s. two silk hats, value 2 s. eight yards of lace, value 4 s. and a gauze cap, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel
                      Blakesley
                  




               
            , June 26
. ++


                  Nathaniel
                   Blakesley
               



            . I am a currier
 in Little Britain


; I was not at home when the things were stolen; the alarm came to me that I was robbed; I accordingly came down, and met the prisoner at my master's door, as they were taking him to the Compter.


                  Ann
                   Blakesley
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Nathaniel
                   Blakesley
               



            . On Friday the 26th of June, between three and four in the afternoon, I came out of a parlour next the street, to go into the kitchen to rinse my hands; the door was not shut: on turning my head about I saw the street door wide open; I ran into the street, frightened; I saw a man slip off the pavement; I cried out, I had been robbed! a neighbour said, if I had, that was the man; I pursued him, and cried, stop thief! on going about twenty or thirty yards from the door, he dropped the things mentioned in the indictment from under his arm, in the kennel, wrapped up in a green gown; I was within a yard of it when he dropped it; the lad is in court that took up the bundle. The prisoner was stopped about five yards from where he dropped the bundle.
Q. Is the prisoner the man that dropped the bundle?
Blakesley. Yes. (The goods produced and deposed to) They were taken from a pair of drawers behind the parlour door.
Q. When you looked on the drawers they were not there?
Blakesley. No, they were gone.
Q. from the Prisoner. Did you not swear before my Lord Mayor, you saw me in the house?
Blakesley. No.


                  Sarah
                   Round
               



            . I was sitting at my own door, and saw a man come out of Mrs. Blakesley's door, and run as fast he could; Mrs. Blakesley came out, and said she was robbed. He run down Little Britain.
Q. Did you see enough of him to know his face?
Round. No.
Q. Was the man that was taken brought back the same way?
Round. Yes.
Q. Was he dressed the same?
Round. I think he was.
Q. Had he any thing when he came out of the house?
Round. I believe he had something under his arm.


                  James
                   Perry
               



            . Coming down Little Britain, I saw the prisoner come from the pavement with the things under his arm, and a little boy run after him, and was near stopping him; he struck at him, and then he dropt the things. I saw this lad take the things up, and carry them into Mrs. Blakesley's house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the matter. Going along Little Britain, I heard the cry of stop thief! I run on as well as other folks, and a man stopped me; I asked him what he stopped me for; he said he would stop me. I did not come from the pavement, nor never had the bundle.
For the Prisoner.
- Jeffeson. I have known the prisoner ever since last new year's day. He has behaved in Mr. Saxton's service very honest and faithful; he left him about the end of May. I am a relation of Mr. Saxton, and live in the house with him.


                  Elizabeth
                   Eyres
               



            . I live with Mr. Jeffeson. I have known him about six months. I am a patient of Mr. Saxton, the surgeon; they say they believe him to be a very honest man.


                  Samuel
                   Easter
               



            . I have known the prisoner between five and six years; he always bore the character of an honest, just, young man. He has been out of place ever since the week before Whitsuntide.


                  Mary
                   Raymond
               



            . I am his mother; his master would have been here, but he is a man-midwife and could not attend.
Q. How came he to be out of place?
Raymond. He was waiting for a place Mr. Jeffeson was to recommend him to.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


