





535. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Morgan
                      Morris
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver sleeve buttons, value 6 d. a stone ring, value 1 s. and 14 s. 6 d. in money
            , numbered, the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth
                      Tyler
                  




               
            , September 3
. ~


                  Elizabeth
                   Tyler
               



            . I lived servant
 in St. Martin's-lane. I left my place in St. Martin's-lane on the 3d of September. I had been acquainted with the prisoner, who is a soldier
, four months. I went to see him at the Savoy barracks. I treated him with four or five pints of beer. He asked me to give him some money, and I offered him some halfpence. He then forced his hand into my pocket, and took away a box, in which the money and the other things were.


                  Thomas
                   Barrow
               



            . I am a constable. I searched the prisoner at Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's. We found upon him a ring, a pair of sleeve-buttons, and six shillings and six-pence in money. (The ring and buttons were produced, which the prosecutrix deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I became acquainted with the prosecutrix whilst on guard at St. James's park, where she used to carry her master's child. She used to follow me from place to place, and wanted me to marry her, and said she would never give her hand to any body but me. At this time she waited for me a great while at the barracks till I came. We had rum and water and beer to the amount of four shillings and six pence. When we went to pay, she said, here is the money I have just received from my master; I will make you a present of it to buy a ring, and you shall make me a present of it to keep till we are married; and she took the buttons and ring and gave them me to keep for her sake.
He called 
               
                  William
                   Long
               



            , and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Chiswick
               



            , who gave him the character of a good soldier.


                  George
                   Elliot
               



            . I am a soldier in the regiment. The prosecutrix waited in the barracks for the prisoner. I saw them together in the publick-house. The prosecutrix told me the prisoner had taken fourteen shillings and six-pence from her. The prisoner paid the reckoning, and then said, Now my dear, if you will smile, I will give you six-pence a smile. She smiled four times, and he gave her two shillings.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
