





378. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Haddock
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a surtout cloth coat, value 10 s. a cloth coat, value 20 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 2 s. a flannel waistcoat, value 2 s. a man's hat, value 10 s. two shirts, value 4 s. two neckcloths, value 12 d. a pair of thread stockings, value 12 d. three guineas, and one half guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Ward
                  




               
            , May 2
.


                  Edward
                   Ward
               



            . I live near Grosvenor-square. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment the second of May, from a yard, called Ham-Yard


, where my stables are; they were taken out of a room over the stable; I am a coachman
. I missed them at seven o'clock when I came home; I found the hinges of my box broke behind; they were safe a few minutes before three that afternoon.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Ward. I have known him about two years. He came down the yard in a poor dishabille; he said he had been sick, but I found since he had been in Tothilfields Bridewell. I having a regard for him, I offered to take his clothes out of pawn till he could raise money to pay me again. He helped to put my horses to my carriage sometimes, but very seldom. I was a friend to him.
Q. Why do you charge him?
Ward. I found all his clothes which he had on under the manger, and he was not to be found. I was told he was an acquaintance of Ogilvie's. I went to Tybern, expecting I should see him when Ogilvie was executed; there I met with him. He had none of my things on. I got a constable and charged him; he confessed he had pawned my coat to Mr. Jones, in Westminster. I went there and found it. (Produced and deposed to.) He said he had sold the rest of my things; he owned to every thing but the money.


                  George
                   Spiller
               



            . I am fourteen years of age. I live with a pawnbroker in Tothil-street. The prisoner at the bar pawned this coat with me the second of May, in the dusk of the evening. I asked him where he lived? He said, in Tothil-street. He pawned it in the name of Haddock.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not break the box open.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
There was another indictment against him.
