







483, 484, 485. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      WATERS
                  




                     THOMAS
                      HOPKINS
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      DONALDSON
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Moses
                            Barrett
                        



                     
                  , on the 19th of May
, about the hour of two in the night, and stealing a linen sheet, value 2 s. two muslin neckcloths, value 1 s. a quart of Geneva, value 1 s. a piece of linen cloth, value 2 d. a quart of anniseed, value 1 s. and two quart bottles, value 2 d. the property of the said Moses; four check aprons, value 2 s. two linen aprons, value 2 s. three linen caps, value 2 s. five linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s. 6 d. and a linen shift, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth
                            Slancy
                        



                     
                  , spinster
; a check apron, value 10d. a linen apron, value 10 d a linen shift, value 1 s. two muslin handkerchiefs, value 2 s. and a laced cap, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann
                            Ward
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, in the dwelling-house of the said Moses
            . *


                  Moses
                   Barrett
               



            . I keep the Flying House in Charter-house-square




. On Friday about three in the morning, we were alarmed by Mr. Sparrow, a neighbour; he told us my house had been broke open; I got up, and my niece and I went down together; there are four doors; one door goes into the lane, one into the yard, one to the passage, and the dwelling-house door; the door that goes into the lane, whoever got in had got over the wall, for there were marks on the top of the wall, where they got over out of the lane into the yard; the other two doors were bolted on the inside to the best of my recollection; I believe they were all bolted that night, because I always used to bolt them; I did not go to bed till after one o'clock; I sat up on some business.
Q. How do you imagine the bolts were pushed back?
Barrett. The door in the passage and dwelling-house, door are so old and wore, I believe they might on the outside casily push back the bolts with a knife; when I came down stairs it was break of day, a little lightish; I missed a bottle of anniseed with a bottle of gin; I filled these two bottles the night before. We went down to the watch-house, and the first thing I observed was a bundle wrapped in a handkerchief; I said that I know to be Waters's handkerchief; I saw it upon him the day before; my niece and I got to the watch-house; the watchmen had taken up all the three prisoner in the lane; I knew Waters very well, because his mother chaired for us, and he used often to be backwards and forwards.


                  Elizabeth
                   Slancy
               



            . I went down and found the door broke open. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them). I attempted to lock the door at night that went into the lane, but it went hard; I could not lock it myself, my uncle did it; he bolted both the doors at that time, which was between eleven and twelve o'clock. I went down to the watch-house with my uncle, and saw the handkerchief lie there; I took it to be Waters's.
Q. from Waters. What do you remember it by?
Slancy. He was in the yard whilst I was hanging up some things to dry; he had the handkerchief round his neck, and I observed this hole in it (pointing it out) I found two or three coloured aprons in it, tied up, which are mine. As my uncle and I were going down to the watch-house, we found a bottle of gin in the lane marked with M.
Prosecutor I do not remember that I put the cork marked M into the gin bottle; I thought I put a cork marked W into the anniseed bottle.


                  Jacob
                   Edwards
               



            . I took the prisoners up about three in the morning, in Red Lion-court; as soon as they saw me they turned into Red Lion-court, they went pretty quietly with me to the watch-house; I observed at the time I took them up, that Waters had a bottle in each pocket, but I did not then search him to see what the bottles contained; after I got them into the cage, I examined one of the bottles; it was anniseed water; it had a cork in it marked N. When I took Waters, he had no bundle, but I found a piece of cloth in Hopkins's pocket.
Slancy. That is part of a slip of cloth I cut in two the night before; that piece was taken away, the other part was left. (They were compared and tallied exactly).
Edwards. Before I searched the prisoners I went to see what mischief was done, and found many things dropped about the lane, particularly that check handkerchief with three aprons in it; I brought it into the watch-house; they were all scattered about except this bundle; that I found at the entrance of Little Red Lion-court,
Q. Were all these things dropped in those places where you saw the prisoners?
Edwards. They were dropped in that court, and between there and the watch-house. I found two or three bricks pulled off the wall, which goes out of Mr. Barrett's yard into the lane; I found the apron at the entrance of Red Lion-court, and the bundle at the end of it, I first saw them in Charter-house-lane; they turned into Red Lion-court.


                  Ann
                   Ward
               



            . I am a servant to the prosecutor: when Mr. Sparrow alarmed Mrs. Slancy it was then quite light.


                  John
                   Peake
               



            . The beadle and the watchman brought the prisoners to the watch-house, saying nothing about them, I was going to dismiss them; I thought it better to lend the beadle out; he brought in all these things; that raised a suspicion in me that they had been doing mischief; I searched them; the anniseed bottle was found upon Waters, and a piece of rag in Hopkins's pocket.
- Sparrow. I heard something falling; it was day break; I saw a watchman and the three prisoners.
All the prisoners, in their defence, said they had been hunting a wild bullock from Smithfield till two or three in the morning, which was the reason of their being out so late.
Waters's Defence.
As I was running up Red-Lion-lane I kicked my foot against a bottle of anniseed; I took it up and put it in my pocket.
Hopkins's Defence.
I picked that up in the lane too.
For Donaldson.


                  Francis
                   Farrell
               



            . I am a sword-cutler: the prisoner's father is a lapidary; he works with his father; he bears a good character.
Thomas Hill. I have known Donaldson from a child: he was to have been apprenticed to me; I should be glad to take him apprentice now.


                  Elizabeth
                   Cannon
               



            . Donaldson has bore a good character.
For Waters.


                  William
                   Cooper
               



            . I have known Waters nine or ten years; he bears a good character.


                  Sarah
                   Waters
               



            . I am not a near relation: I have known him fourteen years.
For Hopkins.


                  Samuel
                   Freswell
               



            . I have known Hopkins 20 years: I have entrusted him with money to some amount, and he always behaved honestly.
Another witness gave him a good character.
HOPKINS and WATERS 


               not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house, but guilty of stealing the goods
            . 



               T
            .
DONALDSON 

               acquitted
            .
