





105. (M.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      WARD
                  



               
             was indicted, for that he 


               in the king's high-way, on 
                     
                        
                           Edward
                            Kehan
                        




                     
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person fifty yards of linen cloth, value five pounds, the property of the said Edward
            , January the 5th
. *


                  Edward
                   Kehad
               



            . I am a hawker
; I met with the prisoner in June last, I never saw him again till the 4th of January, then I met him at the Ship in Bow-street; I staid there with him till about half after twelve o'clock, then we went out separately; the prisoner waylaid me, and as I was going along he snatched a bundle of linen cloth, containing fifty yards from under my arm, and knocked me down, or pushed me down I can't tell which. The cloth was found afterwards at a pawnbroker's in Clare Market.
On his cross examination, he said, "Tho' he
"had been drinking, he was not so much in
"liquor but he could tell his right hand from
"his left, and could tell who robbed him, and
"that he gave an account of the robbery the
"same night."


                  Robert
                   Barnes
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Wright
               


             a pawnbroker; the prisoner pawned this linen (producing it) with me on the 5th of January, in the name of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Johnson
               



            .
Kehan. This is the cloth I lost that night, I know it, because it is damaged, part of the selvige was tore at the time of drawing.


                  John
                   Clarke
               



            . The prosecutor informed me of his having been robbed, he told the same story he has done now. I met the prisoner and secured him, he lives near Clare Market: I went home with him, and in the possession of Blackmore I found a handkerchief, that had been described by the prosecutor. (The handkerchief was produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.


                  Thomas
                   Blackmore
               



            . I am servant to the prisoner's father: the prisoner shewed me this cloth on the Thursday; he said he had bought it: that handkerchief that Mr. Clarke has produced I received from the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
Kehan was very drunk, I did not knock him down nor rob him; he wanted some money, and I offered to lend him two guineas, he asked me to pawn the cloth for him for a guinea: it is not probable that I should have pawned it in my own neighbourhood if I had stole it.

He called several persons, who deposed that the prosecutor was frequently intoxicated with liquors to a great degree; and many other witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Q. to Kehan. Did the prisoner offer to lend you two guineas.
Kehan. Yes, he did, but I would not have them:




               Guilty of stealing the goods, but not violently nor of putting the person in fear
            . 


               T
            .
