





762. (M) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value forty shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jacob
                      Thomas
                  




               
            , September the 14th
. ++


                  Jacob
                   Thomas
               



            . I am an upholder
; I live in Titchfield street. On the fourth of September, about seven in the evening, I met 
               
                  John
                   Watkins
               



            , an acquaintance, in St. Giles's


, and we went into a public house for some gin. While we were drinking it the prisoner and another girl came in, and asked us to treat them; we made no objection; we came out of the house together; Smith laid hold of me, and the other girl laid hold of him. We went into another public house, and went into a private room. As soon as we were in the room Watkins and the other woman went out, and the prisoner wanted to have to do with me. I refused; she insisted upon it. I pulled my watch out to see what it was o'clock, and she snatched it from me and opened the outside case, and tried to open the inside, but could not. I went to take it from her, and she cried out, bloody murder, and the other girl came in to her assistance. I secured this girl; the other got off: she was searched, but the watch was gone.


                  John
                   Watkins
               



            . I met the prisoner in St. Giles's, and we went into a public house to have some gin, and the prisoner and another girl came in, and asked us to treat them. We came away together; the prisoner laid hold of him, and the other girl of me. We went into another public house to have some more gin: we went into a room together; the prisoner would not let me stay in the room with him, upon which the other woman and I went out, and I went away.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw any thing of the watch. I have known him a great while. I never knew him have a watch.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


