





398. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARGARET
                      BEATON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one dimity waistcoat, value 6 d. one lawn apron, val. 1 s. four damask clouts, value 1 s. one muslin handkerchief, value 1 s. two yards of Irish linen, value 1 s. one linen sheet, value 1 s. two pair of stone sleeve buttons, set in silver, value 2 s. and one woman's linen half shift, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Langstea
                  




               
            , April 15th
. ++


                  John
                   Langstea
               



            . I am a silversmith
 in Ratcliffe-highway; the prisoner was my servant
; my wife was taken ill and was obliged to go into the country; when she returned we missed the things mentioned in the indictment; I don't know the day she returned, it is about a fortnight ago; I know the things to be my property.


                  Mary
                   Mills
               



            . I live in Shadwell; I am an intimate acquaintance of Mrs. Langstea's; these things were in a basket, in a draw that was kept for the child bed linen; I put them in myself; I went frequently to the draw while she was gone; the sheet was not in the draw but on her bed; the maid took it off to wash; the other things were in the draw; I missed some things and she confessed she had pawned them; I went with her and found them at different pawnbrokers; they are all here; I am sure they are Mrs. Langstea's property.


                  Robert
                   Sturgeon
               



            . I am a pawnbroker: the prisoner pawned a waistcoat with me on the 18th of February; a muslin handkerchief on the 19th, a lawn apron on the 20th and a pair of stone buttons on the 25th; she said they were her own property.


                  Charles
                   Brown
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Cradon, a pawnbroker; four damask clouts, and a piece of new cloth were pawned at our house the beginning of March by the prisoner (producing them.)
Mrs. Mills. I am certain these are the Prosecutor's property.
- Yarday. I am a pawnbroker: the half shift was pawned with me on the 22nd of February, by the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did it through necessity.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
