






572, 573. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Glover
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John
                      Castle
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph
                            Harrison
                        



                     
                  , on the 5th of September
, about the hour of two in the night, and stealing 1 silver hilted sword, value 40 s. 1 brass hilted sword, value 20 s. 1 cotton counterpane, value 5 s. 1 pair of leather boots, value 3 s. 1 pair of leather shoes, value 2 s. 5 linen waistcoats, value 5 s. one muslin neckcloth, value 6 s. 2 cloth waistcoats, value 4 s. 1 pair of cloth breeches, value 2 s. 2 linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s. 1 pair of worked ruffles, value 2 s. 1 linen shirt, value 3 s 1 pair of leather drawers, value 1 s. 1 linen pillow bier, value 1 s. three pair of thread stockings, value 3 s. one linen sheet, value 1 s. 1 woollen wrapper, value 1 s. and 1 paper snuff-box, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander
                            Hay
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Harrison
                     



. *
The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoners.
- Morley. I am servant to Mr. Harrison, who is a warfinger
 at Brown's wharf


; our warehouse was broke open on Thursday was se'nnight; this warehouse joined to the flour warehouse, that joins to the house.
Q. When did you first discover the warehouse to be broke open?
Morley. Last Friday morning was se'nnight, about ten o'clock.
Q. Was you the first servant that went there?
Morley. Yes; I locked it up the night before.
Q. What windows were there to the warehouse?

Morley. A window facing the water.
Q. When you locked it what time did you leave it?
Morley. About seven or eight o'clock; I found it broke open fronting the water; the boards of the side of the warehouse were broke, the front of the warehouse next the water was wood.
Q. In what manner were they broke?
Morley. There was a hole made; there were two or three boards broke, a man might get, in at the hole.
Q. Do you know particularly what you lost?
Morley. I do not know what was in the trunk, or box, there was a truss cut open; I was the first that went in in the morning.
Cross Examination.
Q. Which way do you go into this warehouse?
Morley. Off from the wharf.
Q. Is there any other way into it?
Morley. No.
Q. So you must go on the wharf to get into the warehouse, if you come from the house?
Morley. Yes.
Q. There is a shed between it, I believe?
Morley. Yes.
Q. A lower roof than the other?
Morley. Yes.
Q. It is a later building than the other, I believe?
Morley. Yes.
Q. What is the house built of.
Morley. The dwelling house is a brick house.
Q. What is the shed?
Morley. Timber.
Q. A building run up since, I believe?
Morley. I suppose so.
Q. Was the shed fenced on the sides?
Morley. No.
Q. Whose wharf adjoins?
Morley. There is a dock between the King's brewhouse, and our yard on one side.
Q. What on the other side?
Morley. A little bit of a wharf where they land wood.
Q. Is there no fence?
Morley. The warehouse parts our wharf, and the other wharf.
Court. Can they get into this warehouse without going through your great gates, and under the shed to it?
Morley. No other way by land.


                  Alexander
                   Hay
               



            . I am a lieutenant in the 7th regiment of foot. I sent two trunks up from Chatham, in the Chatham hoy, they were landed at Mr. Harrison's wharf; I went there and saw them standing on the wharf, on September 3, about eleven in the forenoon; they were put into Mr. Harrison's warehouse. The things mentioned in the indictment were in the trunk.
Q. to Morley. Were these Mr. Hay's trunks that were one opened, the other carried away?
Morley. Yes, they were directed to lieutenant Hay; they were landed at our warehouse the third of September.
Hay. They threw a number of my things into the river, boxes and such things.


                  Lawrence
                   Bureau
               



            . I met with Castle (on Thursday last was se'nnight, at five in the afternoon ) at a public house by Newgate-street. I saw him in company with one Isaac's; I called for a pennyworth of beer, and sat down; he asked how I did; I said he had got the advantage of me; he asked me if I did not remember his coming along with Isaacs: he told me he had got some things to dispose of; this Isaacs was a Jew that used to deal with him. He said he had two swords to dispose of; I asked him where I could see them; he said, he would either bring them, or I should go and see them, immediately. I went with him to the sign of the Dolphin; a lad fetched the swords.
Q. He bid him do it?
Bureau. Yes. He asked me what they were worth; I said, I did not know; I asked him what he would have for them; he said, six guineas. I told him I could not tell the value of them, and asked him if he had nothing else. He said he had got some lace to dispose of; I asked what lace it was; he said, some lace from off regimenta l cloaths; he did not produce it. I asked what became of the cloaths; Glover said they were thrown over-board. I told them both to meet me in the evening and bring the things, and that I would deal with them. Nothing was produced then, but these two swords.
Q. What business are you?
Bureau. A tobacconist. Glover said he was going up the river (he is a bargeman) and he could not meet me, he said, that evening, but would the next day.
Q. Did they meet you the next day?
Bureau. No. I saw Castle on Saturday afternoon, about five o'clock; I asked him why he did not come; he said he could not that time. Another man followed me, and asked me to buy the swords; he said they were his; I said I would not deal with him, I would deal with Castle. I met Isaacs on Friday night; he insisted upon my laying an information before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , which I did.
Q. Are these the swords?
Bureau. This brass one is; for at the time they shewed it me I rubbed it at the hilt, as they suspected it was gilt: I know the silver hilted sword, by the sheath being broke, and the name on the hilt of it.
Q. Another man followed you, and asked you to buy the swords: did you offer any price for them?
Bureau. No; Castle said I should have nothing to do with the swords, with that man; he would sell them.
Q. Was there any conversation about whose swords they were?
Bureau. No.


                  John
                   Heley
               



            . I am one of Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's men. I took these goods, at the sign of the Dolphin, in Darkhouse-lane, I had a search warrant from Alderman Wilkes. The Dolphin is a public house; we took the prisoners there. I found these two swords, and the things that are here; a waistcoat, a pair of breeches, and a shirt tied up in a bundle, behind a butt, in the cellar: this was the place where the swords were shewed. (The things produced) There were the two prisoners in the house, when I searched, the two Mr. Bond's, and I.
Q. Were the swords in the wrapper?
Heley. They lay under a bed, in the two pair of stairs room. The landlord said, What you are searching for is under the bed.
Q. Did you take up any body besides the two prisoners?
Heley. Yes; there were two or three more. Before we searched the house, we secured the two, and made the rest sit down to take care of them, while we searched. (the swords produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Q. How many shirts are yours?
Prosecutor. The two waistcoats are mine, and two shirts; I know them, they are marked: the wrapper is mine, and the paper snuff-box, is mine.
Heley. I found the box in Castle's pocket I found nothing on Glover.
Prosecutor. The things are all mine; they were in my trunk.
- Phillips. I was at the Dolphin alehouse when it was searched: I am a constable; I took the prisoners, and search'd him first. I found in Castle's pocket this button; No. 7, upon it.
Q. to Prosecutor. Does that button belong to you?
Hays. Our regiment has that number on the buttons.
Phillips. I found these two pocket pieces in his waistcoat pocket ( produced and deposed to by prosecutor.)
Q. How came you not to find the snuffbox?
Phillips. I thought it was a tobacco-box; I did not take notice of it.
Q. to Heley. Out of which pocket did you take the box?
Heley. Out of his coat pocket (the box deposed to by Mr. Hays.)
Phillips. Here is a bundle of things I found up two pair of stairs.
Q. to Mr. Hays. Do these things belong to you?
Hays. Yes.
Q. Do you know these boots?
Hays. Yes; they belong to me.
Phillips. I found nothing in Glover's pocket.
Q. Did either of them say any thing on their examination before the justice?
Phillips. No; Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             desired me to go back again on Sunday morning, and search the house; I did; and found this piece of lace up one pair of stairs (the lace produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
The Second Part of these Proceedings will be published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE King's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol-Delivery FOR THE CITY of LONDON; And also the Gaol-Delivery for the County of MIDDLESEX; HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL in the OLD-BAILEY, On Wednesday the 11th, Thursday the 12th, Friday the 13th, Saturday the 14th, Monday the 16th, Tuesday the 17th, Wednesday the 18th, Thursday the 19th, Friday the 20th, Saturday the 21st, Monday the 23d, and Tuesday the 24th of September, 1771.
In the Eleventh Year of His MAJESTY's Reign. Being the Seventh SESSION in the MAYORALTY of The Right Honourable BRASS CROSBY, Esq; LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON.
NUMBER VII. PART II.
LONDON:
Sold by T. EVANS, No. 54, in PATER-NOSTER ROW.
(Price SIX-PENCE.)

THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
King's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol-Delivery, held for the City of LONDON, &c.

[Conclusion of the Trial of 
               
                  James
                   Glover
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Castle
               



            .]
Castle's Defence.
I Was at work late on Thursday night, I had been down to Deptford with a fare; and rowing up, a man called, Sculler; I came to him, and he put these things in the boat; he asked me where he could lie that night; I told him in Dark-house lane; knowing there was a night house there; he asked me if I would buy these things of him: he told me if I could get any body to take them he would make it worth my while to meet him at ten o'clock. The Jew came, and said he would give me fifteen shillings for them, and break the blades off immediately; then Bureau bid me meet him at his house the next morning; I did not go then, he came to me; and I said there is the man that owns them; he will not take less than three guineas for them; then he said he had some lace that I should dispose of for him.
Q. to Bureau. Did you offer him fifteen shillings for these swords?
Bureau. No.
Q. Did you say you would break the blades off?
Bureau. No.
Q. What man was that that asked you to buy the swords?
Bureau. A sort of a waterman.
Glover's Defence.
I was at work at East-lane; on the Friday afterwards I was going by the Dolphin; the door was open, 
               
                  John
                   Castle
               



             called me in; he had a glass mug of gin and water; I drank, and they had another; I never spoke to Mr. Bureau. I never said any thing about the cloathes, I will be judged by Castle.


                  Edward
                   Clarke
               



            . I have known Castle ever since he was between six and seven years old; he was always an honest, sober lad. I lived next door seven years. He is a lighterman.


                  John
                   Warwick
               



            . I have known him ten or a dozen years, or more; he was always a sober, honest boy: I never heard any thing bad of him.


                  George
                   Allen
               



            . I have known the father fifteen or sixteen years; I have not known him above three or four years; he has always behaved like a sober, honest boy.


                  Benjamin
                   Land
               



            . I have known him three or four years. I am a broker. I know nothing disagreeable in his character; he has behaved extremely well.


                  John
                   Simpson
               



            . I have known him above twelve years. I live on the spot where he was brought up. I never heard any harm of him in my life.



                  Adam
                   Atkins
               



            . I have known him eight or nine years; he was an honest man; I have lodged in his father's house seven or eight years.


                  George
                   Wiltshire
               



            . I have know him fourteen or fifteen years; I never heard but that he was a very honest, worthy lad till this affair.


                  John
                   Locke
               



            . I have known him a dozen years; he was an honest sober lad.
Both 


               Guilty of stealing only
            . 



               T
            .
See Glover tried, No. 56, in the present mayoralty, when he was capitally convicted, but afterwards obtained his Majesty's free pardon.
