





397. (L) 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen woollen cloth coat, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Raper
                        



                     
                  , one woollen cloth coat, value 6 s. and one woollen cloth waistcoat, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Siddall
                  



               
            , April, 1st
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Raper
               



            . I live at the Swan-and-two-Necks in Lad-lane


; I suppose the prisoner came into my bed chamber and took the things; the clothes are here: they were found upon him.


                  Thomas
                   Siddall
               



            . I lost a coat and waistcoat out of the same room the same night; I lay there in another bed; I was in bed when the prisoner was taken.


                  Thomas
                   Powell
               



            . I have the care of the gate: one of my fellow servants called out to me to take care of the gate; that a man was coming out with something he should not have; I saw the prisoner, and took him into the warehouse, I found two coats and a waistcoat upon him; he had one of the coats on, and the other coat and waistcoat under his shirt; I did not know them, but my fellow servant did; the prisoner said he had them out of the horsler's room; he said he was going by the Northampton coach. (The clothes produced and deposed to, by the prosecutors.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going to the Northampton fair; I asked the horsler leave to lie down in the stable; there was three men came into the stable and brought these clothes; I found them there and told the gentleman I was going into the tap-room to see if any body owned them.
Q. to Powell. How far is the gate from the tap-room?
Powell. They join together.
Q. Did he say any thing about the clothes before you got him into the warehouse?
Powell. No; he said he took them to keep him warm as he lay in the stable.
For the Prisoner.


                  Ann
                   Gaside
               



            . I live in Jewin-street: I am a mantua maker; I have known the prisoner two or three years; he lived in Sea Coal-lane, he was a horsler; I never heard any harm of him.


                  Margaret
                   Nash
               



            . I live in Fleet-lane; I wash for him: I have known him three years, he bears a good character.


                  Mary
                   Randall
               



            . I live in Lamb-street; I have known him three or four years: he lived at the White Bear, Piccadilly; he always bore a good character.


                  Hannah
                   Stratton
               



            . I have known him six or seven years; he was a very honest hard working man; he has bore a very good character.


                  John
                   Harris
               



            . I live at No. 55, Jewin-street; he lodged at Mr. Jones's within two doors of me; I have known him two or three years; he has bore a very good character.


                  Rebecca
                   Goodwin
               



            . I live at Cow-cross: my husband is a taylor; he worked for the prisoner, he always paid very honestly; I believe him to be an honest man.


                  Thomas
                   Smith
               



            . I am his brother; he has been a horsler ever since he has been in town; that is a dozen years; I never heard but he always behaved very well; he lived with Mr. King a horse dealer, who is out of town; he always bore a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
