






13. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      STEWART
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD
                      JONES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing an amethyst, pearl, and garnet ring set in gold value 24 s. the property of 
                     
                        Charles
                         Rapley
                     



                  , privately in the shop of the said Charles
            . Oct. 24
. +


                     Charles
                      Rapley
                  




               
            , I was out on the 24th of October at the time this thing happened; when I returned home I missed this ring, and by the description of the persons my wife told me had been there, I was satisfied the prisoner, Stewart was one of them.


                  Mary
                   Rapley
               



            . On the 24th of October the prisoner, Stewart and two other men, the other men I cannot speak positively to; as to the the prisoner Jones, I have some notion he is one, but I cannot be positive to him, but I am positive to Stewart; they came into my shop between three and four o'clock in the afternoon; Stewart asked to look at some shirt buckles, I took out a drawer which contained buckles and rings; he looked over the shirt buckles and shook them about. I suspected from his manner he had some other purpose than to buy: at last he agreed for a shirt buckle, then he asked to look at some silver buckles; he agreed for a pair of them, when he had done he put his hand into his pocket and said he had not money enough to pay for them, and he asked his two campanions to lend him the money; they each said they had not money enough; then he asked me to send the maid with them and his father would advance the money. I sent the maid with them; when she was gone I missed a ring; I had not recollection enough of the ring that was missing to know what sort of a ring it was, but I could see plainly there was a ring missing. I recollected that while they were bargaining, the maid pulled me by the sleeve, which confirmed me in my suspicions, and I concluded the maid saw something which made her suspect them.
Question from Stewart. What was my dress, did not you say it was brown before Sir John Fielding's, whereas I was dressed in scarlet?
Mr. Rapley. No, I never said any thing about his dress.


                  Elizabeth
                   Daw
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Rapley, I was called up stairs upon the 24th of October, by my mistress, when I found three people in the shop; the prisoner Stewart and Jones were two of them; I can swear to Jones: they were bargaining for shirt and shoe buckles; I thought I saw Stewart put his hand into his pocket, whether he had any thing in his hand or no I cannot tell, but I took notice of the circumstance; Stewart having agreed for a shirt buckle and a pair of shoe buckles, and he not having money enough nor the other money enough to lend him; he proposed I should be sent with him to his father who would advance the money, I went with them, they took me as far as New-street, and then Stewart turned into Bedford-bury and said he was going to his father for the money, and bid me go on with the other men. I did go on with them as far as the end of Bedford-street, and then the third man, that is not here, said he would go and see if he could find Stewart: so he left me alone with Jones; Jones took me to the Constitution, a public house in Bedford-street, and kept me there about half an hour, then he asked me if Stewart had got the buckles, for if he had he might probably make off with them, that he did not know much of him, he had only been at sea with him; then the third person came to the public house, and said it was to no purpose to wait any longer for Steward for he believed his father was angry with him for pretending to lay out so much money, and I might as well go home. I went home, and then I heard that a ring was missing,
(The ring produced in court by 
               
                  Timothy
                   Barker
               



             the pawn-broker.


                  Charles
                   Rapley
               



            . I am a workman and able to speak to the work of the ring, I have examined it, and am confident it is my ring.


                  Mary
                   Rapley
               



            . I am sure it is our ring.
Barker. This ring was brought to me on the 27th. in the forenoon by Stewart and offered to pledge. I told him I had some reason to think it belonged to a jeweller in St. Martin's Court, and he must stay till I could send there; he said he would stay; there were several people in the shop, therefore I did not apprehend he would run away: I stept into the back shop for something, when I came back, the prisoner, Stewart was gone out of the shop; they told me he was gone to the door to bring in the man that he said had sent him with the ring. I found Stewart near the door, with one hand upon the bridle of a horse upon which there was a man and one foot upon the stirrup as if in the act of mounting the horse; I went up to him and said he must not go, he must go with me to St. Martin's Court, upon which he disengaged himself from the horse and instantly ran away: I pursued him, and after some time overtook him and brought him back. I talked of carrying him immediately before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , but he desired first to go to St. Martin's Court. Mrs. Rapley said as soon as she saw him that he was the man, and that was her ring,
Question from Stewart. Whether I had not told you I had the ring of a man at the door?
Barker, I do not recollect any suchthing; the prisoner said that he was the finisher of the ring.
Stewart. Whether I did not tell you the man on horseback was the man that had sent me with the ring, and desired you to stop him?
Barker. He did not do that.
Stewart's Defence.
I took nothing out of the shop. I met a man at the Lemon-tree in the Haymarket, he owed me a little money, I asked him for the money, he said he had nothing but a which if I would pledge, he would pay me; and I bid the pawn-broker step to the door with me to the man that gave it me.
Jones's Defence.
I had no connexion with Stewart; I did happen to be with him in this shop, but it was by mere accident, having met with him and we drank together, and as I was going the same way, I stepped in with him into this shop, but that was all; whether Stewart did or not steal any thing, I cannot tell. Stewart did leave us as the maid said, at the end of Bedfordbury, I thought he was going to his fathers, as he said, but not returning, I thought it not likely he would come, there we parted.
Stewart, 


               Guilty of stealing to the value of four shillings and ten pence
            , 


               T
            .
Jones, 

               Acquitted
            .
