





666. (L.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      ANGUS
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a gold watch, value ten pounds
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Theed
                  




               
            , Sept. 14th
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Theed
               



            . As I was coming out of Edminton fair


, I was hussled by several men under the Bell gateway, and I had my pocket picked of a gold watch; I missed it in less than two minutes after; I am certain I had it just before; I don't know the man that hussled me.
Cross Examination.
Q. When was it?
Theed. On the 14th of September, 1774.
John Squire. I am a constable. I found the watch ( producing it) in the prisoner's pocket; on the 20th of August, in a court in Harp Alley, I don't know the name of the court; I went on an information to search the house for other things; the prisoner endeavoured to keep me out by force; I got assistance; we went up into the garret and found a number of things and the prisoner with the watch in his pocket.
"On his cross examination; he said, the
"house that belonged to 
               
                  William
                   Angus
               



             the
"father of the prisoner; that the prisoner was
"taken directly before my Lord Mayor, but
"that they had not a hearing at that time;
"that he was down in the country at the time
"of the second examination, but had left the
"watch with Doncastle, that he was at the 3rd
"examination, before the Lord mayor, and
"him, he found the watch, in the prisoner's
"right hand waistcoat pocket; that the things
"found in the house were advertized, but no
"owner appeared for any thing but the watch."
The watch was produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Edward
                   Tulet
               



            . I am a watch-maker; this watch bears my name, and I believe, belongs to Mr. Theed; the number is 872; I made such a watch for him in 1772: it appears to have been laid by and not used much.
- Doncastle. I was present at the taking of the prisoner. He was so resolute he would not be examined; we were obliged to tie his hands and legs, we laid him down and I lay upon him: I searched his right hand pockets and Squires his left, Squires shewed me the watch.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have two unhappy brothers, one abroad and the other at home. They left the watch in the possession of my father. The watch was in the box, it never was in my possession at all.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


