





627. (L.) 
               
                  Abraham
                   Maltah
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 24 lb. of opium, value 10 l. and 20 lb. weight of cassia, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Labrow
                  




               
            , Sept. 21, 1769
. ~


                  John
                   Labrow
               



            . I am a druggist and chemist
; the prisoner came to my house on the 21st of Sept. 1769, and told me he wanted some cassia and some opium for a customer, and wanted me to give him credit for them, which I refused. I told him I would send the goods to the person they were for by my servant; he at last agreed to that. When I made out the bill of parcels I asked him the name of the person the goods were for: he would not tell me; he said if he told me I might get his customer away from him. I made the bill out in the prisoner's name. I called my man aside and ordered him not to deliver the bill or the goods to the prisoner or any body without the money.
Howson Edwards. I am servant to Mr. Labrow. The prisoner came to our house on the 21st of Sept. 1769, he said he had got a customer for some cassia and opium, and wanted my master to trust him, which he refused. My master said he would not send the goods without his man went with them, which, after a great many words, he agreed to; the goods were made up, and I was sent with them. My master gave me the bill of parcels, and ordered me not to part with it without the money. I went with him; when we came into Fore-street or Moorfields he said he had some more goods at his lodgings that was to go to the person that these goods were for, and that he must carry them at the same time; he said if I would go with him to his lodgings he would get a porter that should take them all. I went with him to his lodgings in Still-yard or Still-alley Houndsditch; the goods were put down, he went to fetch a porter, he came back in about half an hour, and said he could not get a porter; he asked me to go with him to get a porter. I asked him if the goods would be safe there; he said yes, so I went with him. He took me to several public houses to see for a porter; at last he bid me wait at the door of a public house for him, that he would be out in a minute. I waited about five minutes, and as he did not come out of the house, I began to suspect him; I went back to his lodgings, and the goods were gone.
The prisoner in his defence said that he had dealt with the prosecutor many years, that he bought the goods of him upon credit. He called 
               
                  Sarah
                   Bristow
               



            , who had known him many years, and gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
