






658, 659. (M) 
               
                  
                     CLEMENT
                      COURT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      FORD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a cloth hammer coth, value sixteen shillings, and a coach window glass value sixteen shillings
            , the property of Dame


                  Laetitia
                   Beauchamp Proctor
               




            , widow, Aug. 10th
 ++.


                  Wm
                   Watts
               



            . I am coachman to Lady Beauchamp Proctor, the glass and hammer cloth were taken out of the coach house. I left the stable locked at half after eight at night, they were there then. 
               
                  James
                   Moore
               



             informed me at about half after ten that the coach house door was broke open; I went and found the string of the glass cut, and the glass and hammer cloth, were on one side of the coach-house.


                  James
                   Moore
               



            . I was in the stable at the time the prisoners broke open the coach-house door, they picked the lock I suppose for, I found the lock picked in the morning, I took the prisoners in the fact; I heard somebody in the coach-house, I went to the door and found it open, I called out twice who is there, having no answer, I shut the door and fastened it on the outside, and then got a light and came and took Court; he bid me not ill-use him, for hang or not hang it was the same to him; after some little search, I found Ford, the glass and hammer cloth were taken from the coach and set down by the side.


                  Edward
                   Saward
               



            . I am a watchman; I was called and charged with the prisoners; as I was taking them to the watch house, they attempted to make their escape, Court pulled out a knife, I observed it and took it from him and put it in my pocket, I thought it would be safer there; when we came to the watch house Ford pulled out a knife and cut me across the chin, and then made a stroke at my arm, and cut through two coats and my shirt; but as Providence would have it, did not cut the flesh; he made another stroke at my wrist and cut through my coat.
Court's Defence.
Going to Berkley-square, I met a woman who asked me to give her something to drink; we went and had a pint of beer, then she asked me to go to this place, and this gentleman came and laid hold of me.
Ford's Defence.
A man took hold of me, and said we shall have the reward, we shall have the reward.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


