






204. 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      MOORE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               forging and counterfeiting the stamp of the Gold-smith's company
            .


                  JOHN
                   SCOTT
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; on the 29th of November, between six and seven in the evening, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Trotman
               



             brought me a pair of buckles, he asked me eighteen shillings upon them, I put them into the scale and weighed them; they weighed about four ounces; I said they were old-fashioned buckles and only fit to cut to pieces, I could not lend more than sixteen shillings upon them; I looked at the stamp, it appeared very perfect, and by that stamp I thought they were silver; I have been twenty years and upwards in the business, I did not doubt in the least that it was the proper stamp of the company.
HINDER RUSHWORTH sworn.
I am assay-master at Goldsmiths hall; these buckles were brought to me by Mr. Scott, they are brass silvered over, the stamp upon them is like the stamp used at Goldsmiths-hall upon silver buckles; it would deceive any one, I think I should be deceived by it by candlelight.


                  THOMAS
                   TROTMAN
               



             sworn.
The prisoner gave me these buckles to pawn, he said they were silver; I went to Mr. Scott and asked eighteen shillings upon them, he lent me sixteen; when I came out of the shop I gave the prisoner the money; I have pawned five or six pair of the same sort by his directions; I heard him say at the White-hart in Golden-lane, that he had taken a number of pawnbrokers in; he said one night, I must go home to work, for they cannot do without me, and you stay here; when he came back he brought me the buckles, I asked him who put this mark on; he said, sometimes I do, sometimes another man does.
What mark did he allude to? - I took it to be a lion, and thought it was the hall mark; he told me it was a cat.
What did he say he put it there for? - That the pawnbroker might take it for silver.


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I keep a public house in Fleet-street: the prisoner used my house about three weeks before this affair happened; I understood he had been offering to pawn a pair of these buckles, and was stopped; Moore came into my house afterwards, and said,
"d - n me, I have
"twigged them; I have worked the pawnbrokers
"up this winter, they have had some scores of
"dozens; the fools did not know a cat from
"a lion:" and he said,
"I am sorry for poor
"Trotman, he knows nothing of it; it was all
"my doing."
Did he say to whom he had given these buckles to pawn? - To Trotman; when I found Trotman was tried for this last sessions, I thought it my duty as an honest man to send for a constable, and charge the prisoner, which I did; he was examined next day before alderman Plumbe.
Did you see this mark upon the buckles? - I did: I should really have thought them a pair of silver buckles, and that it was the hall mark; he said,
"I go of a night, sometimes I flap my
"hat and sometimes cock it; sometimes I wear
"a black neckcloth, sometimes a white one."
Several gentlemen belonging to the Gold-smiths company deposed that the mark would deceive any body.
PRISONER'S DEFENCE.
I am innocent of the affair; I never had any of the buckles, nor never gave any to Trotman.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


