






227, 228. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Benjamin
                      Thornton
                  , otherwise 
Thornhill




            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Gibbons
                  



               
            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing four feather-beds, value 6 l. one mattrass, value 10 s. five pillows, value 10 s. eleven blankets, value 20 s. two quilts, value 10 s. one rug, value 6 s. one coverlid, value 3 s. four morine curtains, value 40 s. one china nun, value 5 s. four china lambs, value 5 s. four china jarrs, value 2 s. one brewing copper, value 20 s. one dripping-pan, value 5 s. one candle-box, value 1 s. six stew-pans, value 20 s. seven copper covers, value 7 s. two pottage pots, value 5 s. two copper-skuttles, value 2 s. two brass pails, value 10 s. one copper pail, value 10 s. two copper tea-kettles, value 7 s. one copper coffee-pot, value 1 s. one copper warming-pan, value 5 s. one pewter cullendar, value 5 s. two pewter plates, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary
                            Martin
                        



                     
                  ,
widow
, in her dwelling-house
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Feb. 3

. ++


                  Mary
                   Martin
               



            . My house at Chelsea



 was broke open, and a great many goods taken out of it. I was not in the house at the time. I have brought the pillow which matches this bolster. I bought the ticking and made them all of the same. I can sware to the bolster, three blankets, and the whole set of morine furniture.


                  James
                   Wise
               



            . I live at Chelsea. I am a cow-keeper. I rent a field of Mrs. Martin at twenty-five pounds a year. I have seen the prisoner about the field that joins to the house two or three days before the robbery. I saw him there two or three times; he sat upon a stile that is about two hundred yards from Mrs. Martin's: I saw him go into a ditch adjoining to Mrs. Martin's shrubbery.


                  Charles
                   Warren
               



            . I am a constable. I went to the prisoner on the seventh of January: the landlady that let him his room came to me between seven and eight, and said there was a new bed carried out of the house, but could not tell by whom.
Q. Do you know his lodgings?
Warren. Yes; No. 7, Carriers-street, St. Giles's; a single room up two pair of stairs. She said she insisted upon my going with her to see that none of her goods were carried out. It was sometime before I would go with her; at last I did: the landlady went up first; the door was open: I said to the landlady, Please to look round, and see that your property is here: she said they were all, except one blanket, a long bolster, and an old blanket.
Q. Did you see any other thing there but what was the property of the landlady?
Warren. This table-cloth and old blanket she said were not hers, and a bolster. Thornton came up, and swore, that if he catched an officer in the room, he would use him ill: he came up into the room; the landlady and I were in the room; he said nobody had any business to break his room open, or to enter his room: with that he took up a plate; I had my short staff in my hand; I bid him not be outrageous; he flung it down on the floor: I said I only came to see that this gentlewoman's were in the room. I asked him if the other things were his property; he said, what was that to me, he would not give me any account of it. Another man came up into the room: I charged him to aid and assist, and we took him to the justice: he said he would not be led: he said, Here is a watch that cost me a good deal of money; take it, and I will come down to you: I said I would not quit him till I had him before the justice: the justice examined him, and asked how he came by these things; he said he bought them of an old cloaths-man in Brown's-Gardens. Then the justice asked him were he worked last; he said with a man in Monmouth-street. The justice ordered me to go and enquire of another master where he said he worked in Monmouth-street. I went to search for this man; he never lived in Monmouth-street; he still stood to it that he bought them: he was discharged that night.
Prosecutrix. The bolster, the new blanket, and the old blanket are all mine: the old blanket is marked, the new is not marked: I cannot so well swear to that on that account; I can to all the rest.


                  Arthur
                   Hewetson
               



            . I am a constable. On the 12th of January, a person came to inquire after Thornton at Mr. Welch's. I asked what he wanted; he said, to see him, he believed he was in a little trouble. I asked what he wanted with him, he would not tell me; I took him before Mr. Welch. The Justice desired him to go with me, and shew me where Thornton was gone to. I went to the place where Gibbons lodges; as soon as she saw me go past the window, she locked the door; I saw her as I passed the window, it was in Newtoner's lane. I demanded the key of the door; she refused it: at last, in four or five minutes she offered it to me. As soon as I went into the place there was that little china lamb and a jarr upon the chimney piece in the woman's lodgings; that was the ground floor. I took her directly away to Justice Welch; I lock'd the door, and left her in custody there, and went back again along with another person, one 
               
                  James
                   Pomroy
               



            . There I found a brass pot, a copper tea-kettle, and the bed furniture things were by the fire: the bed furniture was in the dust hold. She said she asked Thornton which way he came by them. She said that she had them of Thornton: she said Thornton said, D - n your blood, what is it to you which way I came by them.
Q. She did not say in what way she had them from Thornton?

Hewetson. No; when she was carried before a magistrate, she said she knew nothing about the affair, only Thornton had given them to her, and she did not know how he came by them.
Q. from Thornton. Did you see me in the room?
Hewetson. I had never seen him in that room.


                  James
                   Lyddell
               



            . I am Mrs. Martin's servant. I live in the house in King-street. On the 4th of January, in the morning, I went from her house in King-street to Chelsea; there was clay put into the lock of the iron gate: I made a way into the wash-house, and found the copper had been taken away, and the house had been rifled; they had got in by the back kitchen windows.


                  James
                   Pomroy
               



            . When he was first taken he owned the woman as his wife.
Q. Had you never seen them together?
Pomroy. Several times before: she was taken in the same room with him. I went with Hewetson to the prisoners in Newtoner's lane; the house they both lodged at. The people at the house said they lodged there; I never saw Thornton there; I can confirm the account that has been given of what was found in searching the house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I lodged in Carrier street, under Mr. M'Domach; this girl lived with me at that time. There was a man called 
               
                  Thomas
                   Man
               



             lodged in the one pair of stairs; my wife; as I called her, who then lived with me, had some words with Mr. M'Domach. She told her she saw a bed, and she said she thought we had robbed her lodgings of one of her beds; She brought them >up to me, and said she did not care to let them stay. News was brought to me that they were searching my room. When I came up there was Mr. Warren and two people with him: I asked why the pillow was brought into my lodgings by M'Domach's wife.
Gibbon's Defence.
On the Friday evening we were taken up, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Man
               



             came and sk       to let him leave them; he said he would not leave them longer than next day. When my husband came home at night I told him such a person had been there, and left the things. I never saw the things: I did not know what he had left there.
Thornton, 


               Guilty 39 s
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


Gibbons, 

               Acquitted
            .
