





262. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      HUDSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two guineas
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Clark
                  




               
            , Dec 19th
. +


                  John
                   Clark
               



            . I am a journeyman-baker
. On the 19th of December last, I lodged at the Pilgrim in Holborn


, a house of call for bakers: the prisoner is a soldier
, and quartered there at the time; I had some beer in the house; I pulled out my money to pay for it; the prisoner seeing these two guineas kept close to me, and frequently urged me to go up to bed, which at last I complied with; when I went up stairs he went with me; we did not lie in the same room; we each went to our own room; I lay with the waiter of the house, the prisoner with a hackney coachman that lodged there; after I had been gone into the room some time, the prisoner came down; he said he went to fetch a chamber-pot; there was none in the room; I did not hear him come up again but went to sleep. About five in the morning the waiter, with whom I lay, waked me in order to get at the pot; I found that my breeches then were drawn from under, and lay at the top of my pillow beside my head; I said who has been medling with my breeches? the waiter said he knew nothing of the matter, he was just awake; I searched, and the two guineas were gone. On an information received, I went and found the prisoner at the King's-head in St. James's-street; there I charged him with taking my money; at first he denied it, then I told him if he would confess, I would not prosecute him, but he still denied it; at last I searched him, and found concealed in the inside of his breeches a guinea, and 9 s. the prisoner then confessed he had taken it, and had sent half a guinea of the money by a chairman to get changed, who was not yet returned; that he had spent 18 d. I did not make any promise before he made this last confession.
Prisoner's Defence.
I can say nothing to it.
For the prisoner.


                  Robert
                   Walker
               



            . I am a serjeant in the first regiment of guards: the prisoner is in my company; he has been twelve years in the regiment; he always behaved well; he was abroad the last war: the prosecutor told me if I would pay the 12 s. back that was missing he would not appear against the prisoner.
Prosecutor. I afterwards refused it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
