







612, 613, 614. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ISAAC
                      POULTON
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     EDMUND
                      BURTON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      DAVIS
                  



               
            , spinster
, were indicted, the first two for that 


               they on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Henry
                            Legh
                        



                     
                  , Esq
; did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person a hat, value 5 s. the property of the said Henry
            ; and 
               
                  Sarah
                   Davis
               



             for 


               receiving the said hat, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , May 7th

. +
Mr. Legh. On Wednesday the 6th of May, I spent the evening with some friends in Gate Street, Lincoln's-inn-fields; I staid there till between twelve and one o'clock in the morning; there is a court yard before the house; the servant of the gentleman at whose house I was came out with a candle, and lighted me quite into the street. I went towards Lincoln's-inn-fields; when I came towards the end of the street, near Stonecutter's alley



, I perceived my hat move; I clapt my left hand up to my hat, and immediately received a blow upon my left arm, which broke it. I called out for assistance, upon which I received some other blows upon my head, and was very soon brought to the ground; when I got up, I did not see any one; I saw my wig about a yard from me; I took it up and called for the watch; the watch came and went with me to my lodgings. I never saw or heard any person, I only felt them. I have not recovered the right use of my arm yet.
Q. Did you receive any injury upon your head?
Legh. No; I was bruised on my right side by the fall. I believe the blows upon my head were given with a pistol.
Q. It was very dry weather at that time I believe?
Legh. I believe it was.


                  John
                   Dixon
               



            . I know all the prisoners at the bar; 
               
                  Isaac
                   Poulton
               



             and 
               
                  Edmund
                   Burton
               



             are soldiers; they two and I were together in a street in Lincoln's inn-fields; I forgot the name of the street; the street goes from the late duke of Newcastle's house to Little Turnstile.
Q. Did you ever see this gentleman (Mr. Legh) before.
Dixon. Yes; we saw the gentleman come out of a house just by Stonecutter's-alley; the footman lighted him out with a candle; when he had lighted the gentleman to the door he went back; as soon as the footman was gone in, we passed Mr. Legh, then we turned back, and 
               
                  Isaac
                   Poulton
               



             knocked him down; he took his shoes off that he might not be heard as he went up to him. Poulton went to touch his hat; I believe Mr. Legh put up his hand, upon which he knocked him down, and then took his hat; Mr. Legh cried out, and we ran away. Burton and I went round the other way, and met Poulton in Little Queen-street; there he shewed us the hat; then we went into Parker's-lane to carry the hat home.
Q. To whose home?
Dixon. Poulton's home; he lived with 
               
                  Sarah
                   Davis
               



            , I have seen them together many times at Davis's room. We went to the street door with Poulton, and staid till he came out; Davis was not at home; we met her in Holborn just before; he came down again without the hat; then we all went to a night house, and had some beer; from thence we went to Covent Garden. A man and I fell out there, and I was taken to the round house; Poulton and Burton came to me next morning, at the 
               
                  Brown
                   Bear
               



             in Bow-street. I was cleared by the magistrate; they came away with me. They told me afterwards that the hat was pawned by 
               
                  Sarah
                   Davis
               



            ; some of the money was spent at the 
               
                  Brown
                   Bear
               



             before I was cleared; then we shared 2 s. or 18 d. a piece.
Q. to Mr. Legh. Was it a new hat?
Mr. Legh. I bought it about a month before.


                  Jonathan
                   Rutland
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I live at the corner of Featherstone Buildings. I have known 
               
                  Sarah
                   Davis
               



             for a twelve month; I don't know either of the men; she came to our shop to pawn this hat (producing it) on the 7th of May last, in the morning; I lent her 5 s. on it. The ticket upon it says for 
               
                  John
                   Jones
               



            .
Mr. Legh. I verily believe this to be my hat.


                  Thomas
                   Jacob Boudillon
               



            . I am a hosier and hatter, and live in Russell Street, Covent Garden, Mr. Legh buys his hats at our shop. I verily believe this is the hat I sold to Mr. Legh; what makes it more particular is, the hat I sold Mr. Legh, was a hat that had been firred inside; we took the fir out; it appears as if some of the shag had remained, and it is the button and loop that we generally put on.


                  Charles
                   Morgan
               



            . I am a constable of the parish of St. Giles, of the division which Lincoln's-inn-fields is in. I have known Davis eight years, and Poulton about three quarters of a year or a twelve-month. I know Poulton and Davis are intimate, they have told me so, and I have often seen Dixon with them.
Poulton's Defence.
Sir John admitted 
               
                  Dixon
               


             an evidence about three months ago; I have never been in his company since. Why did he not tell of this robbery then? I never was in company more than meeting with him in a public house.
Burton's Defence.
I know nothing at all of it.
Davis's Defence.
I don't know any thing at all about the hat.
For Davis.


                  Jonathan
                   Rutland
               



            . I never knew any harm of Davis before; she has often pawned things at our shop; she has sometimes pawned things for other people.
Q. to Mr. Legh. Do you remember meeting any people in Gate Street?
Mr. Legh. I think I did just as I came into the street but I cannot be certain.
POULTON, 

               Guilty
            . 



               Death
            .
BURTON, Guilty. Death.
DAVIS, Guilty. 


               T. 14 Years
            .
