






249, 250 (L. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      NEEDHAM
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HAWKINS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing 250 lb. weight of moist sugar, value three pounds
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Becket
                  




               
            , January 12th
 ++


                  James
                   Beckett
               



            . I am a lighterman
, I had forty-three hogsheads of sugar in my lighter, which were to be delivered on board the ship Sally, they were carried down along side the ship, I saw it fast about six in the evening of the 12th of January, I went on shore to spend the evening with some friends at about half after seven; my servant came to the coffee-house where I was and informed me the lighter was stolen from the ship's side; we went up and down the river in search of it an hour and a half, but could not find it, I returned on shore to my friends, I was informed about 11 o'clock that they had found the lighter; I went on board and missed 12 hundred weight of sugar out of it.


                  William
                   Wicks
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Becket; on the 12th of January between nine and ten at night, Watson called me up to go with him to search for the lighter, I had seen it about four or five in the evening, we found the lighter just below Battle-Bridge; it was a moon light night, as we were rowing towards it, we saw a boat shove off from the side of the lighter, my fellow servant called out, Chaps I know you; says I, there is 
               
                  William
                   Needham
               



            , and 
               
                  William
                   Middleton
               



            , we called to them to stop, they rowed off and we pursued them up the river, through bridge; they put in toward the old Swan, we called oars, oar, then they pushed off and made to the south shore, we called out stop thief, one of them cried out, fire, fire; I replied out fire and be d - d, we will never leave you; then they made in at the three Cranes, and went on shore, we there called stop thief, and a bargeman had stopped them before I got out of the boat; I did not observe the sugar in their boat then, I did afterwards, there were four or five hundred weight lying in the bottom of the boat, in the pursuit they threw several things over board, some that sunk and a jacket I laid hold of, there was three men in the boat, one got away, Hawkins had his hat flaped, I knew him when he was in the boat.


                  Benjamin
                   Watson
               



            , another servant of Mr. Beckett, who called the last witness up to go with him, confirmed his evidence.
William Hall. I am a bargeman on the 12th of January, about a quarter before ten at night, I, my master and three fellow servants, were in a lighter near the three Cranes; I heard a cry of stop thief, we got over the lighters as fast as we could to the stairs, I saw the two prisoners come out of the boat, I stopped them, Needham struggled, Wick's came up after him and secured him, and I secured Hawkins. I am sure Hawkins is one of the men that jumped out of the boat.


                  Daniel
                   Wilson
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Turner
               



            , who were in company with the last witness, when the prisoners were stopped confirmed his evidence.


                  Thomas
                   Jones
               



            . I am a watchman at the three Cranes, I had the boat of sugar in my care that night, I delivered it to the constable in the morning.


                  John
                   Cocker
               



            . I am a constable, I received the sugar from the last witness, I took it out and weighed it, there were two hundred and fifty pound weight of it; I had the charge of the men the night before and then I went down to Benson's Wharf at the three Cranes and saw the boat with the sugar in it.
"The prisoners in their defence said, that
"having little to do they went to spend an
"hour with a friend of Needham's at Bank-side, " he not being at home they went to a public-house,
"and had a pint of beer; that
"Needhams friend not being then come home
"which was about half after four o'clock, they
"proposed returning home, that coming along
"Bank-side, they met one Mr. M'Cormack,
"and another man, who knew Hawkins and
"asked them with him to a friends in the Park
"Southwark, that they went with him to one
"Gordon's and staid till after nine o'clock,
"that then Needham pulled out his watch to
"see what o'clock it was, that they asked the
"rest of the company if they would go, they
"said no, they would stay and have another
"pot; that they then wished them a good
"night, and went to Bank-side to take a boat,
"there being no watermen they took a boat
"and rowed themselves over, which is common
"for watermen to do; that they heard
"the cry scullers, and saw a boat coming
"up, they understood something had been done
"on the river, and they rowed as fast as they
"could to endeavour to stop them, that when
"they came on shore, they were laid hold of
"instead of the other people, and that they
"would call witnesses, who would prove they
"were innocent."
For the Prisoner.
- M'Cormack. I am a sail maker in Brook-street, Stepney, on the 12th of January about five in the afternoon, I met the prisoners at Bank-side, Mr. Coster and I were going to see a friend one Gordon, in Ewers's-street, in the Park, we asked them to go with us, they went and staid till about nine o'clock, then they took their leave of us.
"On his cross examination, he said it was
"a private house that the way he knew it
"was nine o'clock when they went away was,
"because either Needham pulled out his watch
"and said it was nine o'clock, or the man of
"the house, when he went for a pot of beer,
"said it was about nine o'clock."
"
               
                  John
                   Coster
               



            , was with the last witness,
"met the prisoners, and spent the evening
"with them, gave the same evidence."
"
               
                  Samuel
                   Gordon
               



            , deposed that the prisoners
"were at his house with the two last witnesses
"till about nine o'clock, that it was half after
"eight o'clock when he was at the publick-house,
"and they staid about half an hour after
"that, but he did not hear any body say
"what time it was."
The prisoners called eight other witnesses who gave them a good character.
Both 

               Guilty
            :





[Transportation. See summary.]


