





112. (L.) 
               
                  
                     ROBERT
                      FOLER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 14 oz. green tea, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter
                      Anstie
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Worstead
                  



               
            , Dec. 14
. ~


                  Peter
                   Anstie
               



            . 
               
                  Robert
                   Worstead
               



             and I are partners

: we are tea-dealers

, and live in Lombard-street


; the prisoner came to our shop on the 14th of December, about six o'clock in the evening, to purchase some tea; I was in the compting house; I saw him come in; he had dealt with us about three weeks; he used to come almost every evening, and buy two or three pound of tea, which he took with him; he used to come and smell at one chest and another; I did not take any notice of him then; my man, whose name is Ellison, was serving him in the shop. I was desired by the porter to go into the shop; when I came forward the porter said to him, You have stole some tea; he caught his pocket, and said here it is, and I saw it was loose in his pocket; the prisoner immediately took it out of his pocket and laid it upon the compter; my servant weighed it, and said it was fourteen ounces and a half. The porter said it was taken out of such a chest; it agreed with that tea.
Q. What did the prisoner say?
Anstie. He said it was his own property; I believe I asked him then why he took it out on the compter, or wanted to go away after it was taken out of his pocket; for I had kept the door; he asked me if I would detain him upon these circumstances; I told him my servant was gone for a constable, and I would certainly detain him till such time as he returned, to clear up the affair. He had heard me give the orders to fetch an officer.
Q. What quantity of tea did he use generally to buy?
Anstie. He used to buy a pound, or two, or three, and then carry it about to sell as smuggled tea
; that is his trade, and many others that use our shop.
Cross Examination.
Q. You have known him some time?
Anstie. I told you three weeks I believe.
Q. He used to buy it and sell it as smuggled tea?
Anstie. He has often told us so; and that he sold it for a shilling or eighteen-pence a pound more than he gave us.
Q. I believe he told you as soon as you charged him, that it was his own property?
Anstie. I believe he did.
Q. He pulled it out at once and shewed it to you?
Anstie. Yes, and was willing to leave it afterwards.
Q. Did he attempt to go?
Anstie. Not by force, only by asking the question whether he might.


                  Lawrence
                   Grover
               



            . I am porter to Mess. Anstie and Worstead. The prisoner walked backwards and forwards in the shop; I saw him stop at the chest and take a handful of tea out; the chest stood upon another chest about the middle of the shop.
Q. What sort of tea was it?
Grover. Green tea. I saw him take several handfulls out of that chest that night.

Q. How long was the second time after the first?
Grover. About two minutes.
Q. What part of the shop was you in?
Grover. Putting up some currants in a bag at the end of the compter, between two and three yards from the prisoner.
Q. Why did you not prevent it after you saw him once?
Grover. I was willing to be certain. He put his hand open into the chest, and took it out full, and dropped some putting it into his pocket. I went into the compting house, and told my master that he had taken some tea out of such a chest; he took it out of his pocket and threw it out, and said it was not my master's; I said it was my master's.
Cross Examination.
Q. It is common I believe when people buy tea to smell it?
Grover. Yes, they may smell to it, and put it into the chest again. I had suspected him before, which induced me to watch him.
Prisoner's Defence.
On Saturday I went into their shop to buy some tea as usual. I bought a lump of sugar that came to 13 s. 1 d. on Saturday evening, two pound of Hyson tea at 9 s. 9 d. a pound, and a pound and a half of common tea at 5 s. 1 d. I happened to be short for a little more, and on Monday Miss Crawford desired I would change a pound of tea for her; accordingly I took her tea and put it from the cannister loose into my pocket. As I was going up Lombard-street I met Mrs. Jones, a custom-house officer's wife, that used to be a well-wisher of mine; I asked her if she wanted half a pound of tea against Christmas; she said she would; I gave her a little of it, perhaps an ounce or thereabouts; I desired her to stop while I went into Mr. Anstie's shop to buy some tea as usual; she would not stay; I said I would call in a day or two and make it up half a pound. I went into the shop and asked the shopman for some sugar; the man weighed and did it up for me, and put it into the window till the Monday, then I said I would call and pay for it. I asked him for some green tea; I did go to the chest and took a little tea out in my left hand, and at the same time I took some tea out of my own pocket with my right hand, and smelled to it; I returned my tea into my own pocket, and the other tea into the chest again; then the porter asked me if I had any tea; I said I had; he said it is in your pocket; I said you may take it, but claimed it to be mine; Mr. Anstie stopped me, and the constable was charged with me.
For the Prisoner.
- Crawford. On the 13th of December I exchanged about fourteen or fifteen ounces of tea with the prisoner; my tea was in a cannister; he emptied the cannister and put the tea loose into his pocket. I have known him three months; he has bore a good character.
- Jones. I have dealt with the prisoner several times: I met him in Lombard-street between five and six o'clock; he asked me if I wanted any tea against Christmas, and gave me some out of his pocket loose; he said perhaps that is not good enough for you, but if you will stay a little while, I am going into this shop to get three pounds of tea as usual, and you will have some better; I could not stay; I went away. I have known him two years; he always bore a good character.
- Sharpe. I am a taylor; he lodged with me three or four months; he always behaved well.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
