






532. (M.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      BOWYER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering into the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John
                         Youins
                     



                  , on the 9th of June, about the hour of twelve in the night, and stealing 30 lb. of pickled pork, value 15 s. the property of the said John, in his dwelling house
            . *


                     John
                      Youins
                  




               
            . I keep a public house at Poplar




; on the 9th of June
 the prisoner came to my house, I let him out about half after eleven o'clock, and then I went to bed. I was up first next morning; I found the back door open; there is no lock to it, there is a bolt withinside; I bolted it as soon as it was dark; there is a hole cut in the door about eight inches square, with bars to it, to let light into the cellar; I found one of the bars was loose; he might put that aside, and so put his hand in, and turn back the bolt; I never observed the bars were loose before. I got up about a quarter before four that morning; it was done after three-quarters after eleven, and before four in the morning. I saw the pork the day before that; there was about 30 lb. of it; some workmen told me, when I got up, that the prisoner was gone away heavy loaded.
Q. Was it quite light when you got up?
Youins. Yes; and the workmen said they saw him just before I got up.
Q. Are you sure you put him out that night?
Youins. Yes.
Q. Did you know him before?
Youins. Yes, he used my house; I never knew any harm of him before.


                  Lydia
                   Youins
               



            . I saw him over night; I heard he lay at our gate that night; I believe he was in liquor.


                  Dennis
                   Crelly
               



            . I attend Mr. Sherwood's office; on the 20th of June I went with a search warrant to where the prisoner lives, and there I found this pork, in an earthen pan in the prisoner's apartments; (producing three pieces of pork.)
Prosecutor. I believe one of the pieces to be my property; I cut it up, and here is a cut I remember I made in a piece of my pork just like this produced.


                  Phineas
                   Morgan
               



            . I was at work at the back of Mr. Youins's house that night; I saw him turn the prisoner out about eleven o'clock at night; I saw him again about a quarter after three; he came to us, as we had a fire, to warm himself; he was shaking with cold; he said he had lain in the boat all night; he staid about seven minutes; then he jumped over the ditch and left us; he had something in his trowsers pocket that appeared to be very heavy. I told Mr. Youins when he got up, that the prisoner had been on board an India man, as I supposed, and got loaded.
- Turner. I went with 
               
                  Phineas
                   Morgan
               



             to search the prisoner's apartments; we found the pork there that has been produced.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to sleep in the street at night; when I awaked in the morning, I went to the fire to warn myself. I bought the pork early in the morning of a man I met; I did not know it to be stolen.




               Guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
