






408, 409. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH
                      RICHARDS, alias 
MONK




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      CHERRY
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Mary
                         Brice
                     



                  , widow, on the 12th of June, about the hour of two in the night, and stealing two wooden casks, value 2 s. one gallon of anniseed, value 5 s. and a gallon of rum, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        Mary
                         Brice
                     



                  , in her dwelling house
            . +


                     Mary
                      Brice
                  




               
            , the prosecutrix, deposed, that she keeps the Green Dragon, a public house in Half Moon Alley, Bishopsgate-street




; that she was called up a little after two in the morning of the 12th of June
; that she saw her cellar window and her bar open, and found two kegs upon the tiles in her skittle ground, which had been taken out of the cellar, and that she believed the cellar door was made fast over night, and that there was the mark of a crow that had forced it open, and that the bolt was wrenched off.


                  Ann
                   Trusler
               



            , who lives opposite the prosecutrix, deposed, that she saw two people loitering about the prosecutrix's door; that soon after she saw one of them strike a light in the skittle ground, and a little after that she saw one of them bringing some liquor over the tiles; upon which she alarmed the watch; that Cherry, who was on the outside, hid himself behind a coach; that the watchman went and took him, and asked the witness if she would give charge of him; that she told him the man that had broke the window was then in the prosecutrix's yard; that then the watchman let go Cherry, and went after the other, and found him bid under some straw in a gentleman's coach house.


                  John
                   Phillips
               



             deposed, that he saw Richards break a board in the prosecutrix's yard, by which means he got into Mr. Chester's coach house, where he was taken.


                  Philip
                   Moss
               



            , the watchman, deposed, that upon the alarm being given by 
               
                  Ann
                   Trusler
               



            , he laid hold of Cherry, who was then standing behind a coach; that Trusler told him the thief was in the yard, upon which he let go Cherry, and went in search of the other prisoner, whom he found bid under several trusses of straw in Mr. Chester's coach house, and that he took Cherry on the Tuesday following, and that he is positive Cherry is the person he saw behind the coach. (The kegs were produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix).


                  Peter
                   Brinks
               



             deposed, that he found a crow and a tinder box down the necessary in the prosecutrix's yard.
Richards, alias Monk, said, in his defence, that he went into the coach house to sleep, and knew nothing of the breaking of the house, and never saw Cherry in his life before.
Cherry, in his defence, said, that he was going into the hay loft to sleep; that when the woman cried thieves, he stood still till the watchman came, who discharged him.
Cherry called five people, who gave him a good character, except one, who said he had been tried for a rape, of which she believed that he was not guilty.
Both 


               guilty of stealing the goods, but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            . 



               T
            .
