





641. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      PATCH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of leather boots, value 14 s. two pair of men's leather shoes, value 1 s. and one pair of women's pumps, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Gillett
                  




               
            , Sept. 29
. ~


                  Robert
                   Gillett
               



            . I keep a shoemaker's shop
 at Kensington


. On the 29th of last month, about half an hour after two in the morning, I found the prisoner in my shop; it is at Hampton Court, just under the Park Wall. When I put the key in the door, the prisoner threw down the window and attempted to run out; Mr. Fray and I took him immediately; he had got in at the window and shut himself in, and was packing the things up; it was a very fine moon light morning. I missed the three pair of shoes and boots, and found them about five in the morning hid by the Park Gate. When I charged him with breaking the window open, he said he went in there to ease himself.


                  William
                   Fray
               



            . I went with Mr. Gillet to the shop; as soon as he put the key in the door the prisoner tumbled out of the window; I took him in about fifty yards; the boots and three pair of shoes were gone out of the shop. (The things produced and deposed to).
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been on guard that night, and got in company with a woman that lies about with the soldiers; we had a pint of beer; I went with her to the corner of the place where the shop is; there we parted, and as I stood by the place the men came and found the place broke open, and laid hold of me as I was easing myself under the wall. I am as innocent as the child unborn; I never saw the shoes and boots before.
For the prisoner.


                  John
                   Mackie
               



            . I have known the prisoner six years: he is a very honest soldier as far as I know; I never heard any thing laid to his charge before.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
