






383. 384. (L) 
               
                  
                     LIDIA
                      GOMEZ
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE
                      FRANKLIN
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing nine guineas and fourteen-pence in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Hollingworth
                  




               
            , March 30th
 ++.


                  John
                   Hollingworth
               



            . The two prisoners and another woman pulled me into a house in Gravel-Lane


; I did not go in willingly, they took my money from me by force; there were four of them, they all held me together, and Franklin put her hand in my pocket; one said
"D - n you what are you about, why don't
"you have his money; I will have it or be
"his butcher.
"On his cross examination, he said, he
"did not pick the woman up, but that he
"had been in the bed-chamber with one, and
"was come out of the house when they pulled
"him in and took his money from him,
"that he was sure he had all his money when
"he came out of the bed chamber; that
"when they took the money from him, he
"did not see it, but he heard it, that he told
"his brother three men had taken the money
"from him in the street; because he was
"servant to his brother and was afraid to
"tell him the truth."


                  Henry
                   Harris
               



            . I was sent for by one Solomon, a butcher in Duke's Place, he pointed out the prosecutor, and told me he had been robbed; I went to him, he said, if I would get his brother to forgive him, he would tell the truth, and then said, he had been robbed by four women, and I went and took the prisoners.
Gomes's Defence.
I had been at work all that day, coming home I heard a noise, I asked what was the matter, and the man said he had been robbed; as I was coming by the same place the next day they laid hold of me.
Franklin's Defence.
I was coming down the street, I saw a mob of people, I asked what was the matter, the prosecutor said he had been robbed, that three men had knocked him down.
They both called several witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


