





5. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     ALICE
                      COLLINS
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing two linen sheets, value 10 s. two check linen bed curtains, value 8 s. one check linen bed head cloth, value 1 s. one check linen tester cloth, value 1 s. three woollen blankets, value 5 s. one bed bolster, value 3 s. one brass pottage pot, value 2 s. one copper tea-kettle, value 2 s. one copper saucepan, value 1 s. 6 d. one looking glass in a mahogany frame, value 2 s. two flat irons, value 1 s. one pair of bellows, value 6 d. three stone plates, value 1 d. and one pint tin pot, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        Philip
                         Morcomb
                     



                  ; the said goods being in a certain lodging room, let by contract to the said Alice
            , Nov. 12
. +


                     Philip
                      Morcomb
                  




               
            . I live at Westminster; I know nothing of the affair; my wife let the lodging.


                  Sarah
                   Morcomb
               



            . I let the prisoner a lodging about ten weeks ago at two shillings a week; it consisted of two rooms up two-pair-of-stairs; she was with us more than ten weeks; she went away on Tuesday the 12th of November; seeing nothing of her, nor her girl, on Friday, I went up into her apartment, and missed the following things (repeating all the articles mentioned in the indictment); I got a constable to open the door; she had left it locked; I went about to the pawnbrokers and heard of all the things.


                  Daniel
                   Barrat
               



             and 
               
                  William
                   Stokes
               



            , pawnbrokers, were called, but did not appear; their recognizance was ordered to be estreated.
Mrs. Morcomb. I saw her before Justice Fielding, and she said she took the room for another woman that she had concealed in the room unknown to me, and that that woman had made away with the things.


                  William
                   Bowstred
               



            . I live with Mr. Maddocks, a pawnbroker; I took in pledge, of the daughter of the prisoner, the furniture of the bed, and two sheets; the sheets were pawned the 27th of August, the furniture of the bed in November. (They are produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I took the lodging for one Mrs. Forrester; she desired me to take it in my name; when I was taken the prosecutor conveyed her away. I have a good character, but my friends are not here; I have nursed in Sir 
               
                  Charles
                   Watson
               



            's family.
Q. to the prosecutor. Do you know any thing at all of a woman that was in the lodging, and that the prisoner says you conveyed away?
Prosecutor. No, she was discharged before the justice.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
