





569. (M.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      PRICE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a watch, the inside case pinchbeck, the outside green fish skin, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander
                      Williamson
                  




               
            , Aug. 16
. *


                  Alexander
                   Williamson
               



            . On the 16th of August the prisoner came to my house about two o'clock with a bit of meat to bake; I am a baker
; he stood by the parlour door: I bid him come between three and four for his meat; at three o'clock he came back again; I told him it would not be done till near four; he was standing looking at the watch at the parlour door; it hung beside the fire in the parlour. About a quarter before four a man came to the door for some bread; he never came within the door; I served him; by that time the prisoner was in the bakehouse backward; I went and gave him his meat immediately; the bell rang in the shop again; he was just gone out; it was a young woman at the door; she asked what was o'clock; I ran into the parlour to see, and the watch was gone, no one had been in but the prisoner from the time he brought his meat till the time he fetched it away; I went the same day to the pawnbroker's, and desired if the watch was brought to stop it; it was stopped by Mr. Jones; I received it of him at Justice Welch's.


                  Thomas
                   Jones
               



            . I am a pawnbroker: the prisoner's brother came on Saturday night with the watch to pawn. I went to the prosecutor and acquainted him a watch was brought to me that agreed to his description only in the name and number; the prisoner and his brother were taken before Justice Welch.


                  James
                   Stoddard
               



            . I am a watch-maker. (The watch shewn him). I know 
               
                  Alexander
                   Williamson
               



            ; to the best of my knowledge this is the watch I sold him two years ago; the name seems to have been erased, and another put in; to the best of my judgment it is the watch; if I was indulged to take it to pieces I could certainly tell whether the name has been erased.
Q. How long would you be in taking it to pieces?
Stoddard. Ten minutes in a convenient place. (He takes the watch home and returns with it in a short time).
Q. Have you examined the watch?
Stoddard. Yes; I have taken it to pieces; I can swear positively that it is my work, though the name is erased.
Prisoner's Defence.
The evidence said at the Justice's I did not steal the watch, but the stole it himself.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
