





(M) 627. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP
                      HEATH
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing eight pieces of silk lace, containing one hundred and sixteen yards, value seven pounds; four pieces of thread lace, containing thirty-four yards, value five pounds; two silk handkerchiefs, painted, value twenty, shillings; three pair of worked muslin ruffles, value three pounds; a worked muslin apron value twenty shillings; three gauze handkerchiefs, value three shillings; a gauze handkerchief, pointed, value one shilling; seven pair of womens leather gloves, value seven shillings; two pair of womens silk gloves, value two shillings; seven pieces of silk ribbon, value fifteen shillings; a silk cloak, value twenty shillings; a pound weight of brass-pins, value two shillings; and a sattin petticoat, value thirty shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth, the wife

 of 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Vaux
                     







            .
Second Count. Laying them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Vaux
                  



               
            , July the 8th
. ++


                  Joseph
                   Vaux
               



            . My wife is a separate trader in the haberdashery

 way. The prisoner was my journeyman
. Mr. Knot, who lives in Covent-Garden, informed me, that four pieces of lace were tendered to him by a woman: that finding my mark upon them, he stopped the lace; and the woman, having given an account where she lived, he sent for me; we went to her lodgings; there we found the prisoner Heath; the lace was produced, and the woman said, she had it from Heath, which he did not deny; but said he took them from Mrs. Vaux. They are not such things as I can swear to.
Q. Were there any promises made to him to induce him to confess?
Vaux. No; the woman who he cohabited with, was desired to produce every thing he had made her a present of. She went up stairs, and brought down all the rest of the things at twice. We charged the prisoner with taking them from Mrs. Vaux; and he confessed he did take them from her. They were all put in the trunk, and locked up, and delivered to the constable.


                  Thomas
                   Shirley
               



            . I am a constable. I had a search warrant to take the prisoner, and search their house, which was at Kennington Common. It was the house of one Giles. I found the things in the trunk. The prisoner and Mrs. Giles were there together. The things had been produced, and put into the trunk before I came. I have had them ever since.
"The things mentioned in the indictment
"were produced in court by the constable."
Prosecutor. Here is a piece of lace edging I can swear to; here is a worked muslin apron with my own mark upon it, a pair of worked strips muslin ruffles, with my mark upon them, and a pair of double worked muslin ruffles my own marking; I can swear to them. If he had never confessed, I could have swore these were my wife's property.
"Thomas Overton, who went to the house
"with the constable, confirmed Mr. Vaux's
"evidence of the prisoner's confession."


                  Thomas
                   Knot
               



            . On Saturday last, a woman offered to sell me four pieces of lace. I stopped them. My apprentice observed marks upon them, which he thought were Heath's marking, who was servant to Mr. Vaux. She told me she lived at Kennington Common. I sent to Mr. Vaux, and we all went to the house, of the woman. We found the prisoner there; and, upon the producing of the things, the prisoner confessed he took them from Mrs. Vaux's shop (produces the lace he stopped on the woman). The prisoner confessed he took this lace out of Mrs. Vaux's shop.


                  William
                   Bridges
               



            . I live with Mr. Knot in Covent-Garden. I formerly lived with the prosecutor at his uncle's. When the woman brought the cards of lace to our shop, I told my master, I thought the mark on them was the prosecutor's hand writing.
"The prisoner said nothing in his defence;
"but called four witnesses to his character,
"who deposed, that they had known him for
"many years, and had never heard any thing
"to his prejudice before."



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
He was recommended to his Majesty's mercy by the jury.
