





653. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Parker
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a watch with the inside case pinchbeck, the outside case shagreen, value 5 l. and a pair of their shoe-buckles, value 10 s. a pair of silver knee buckles, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Barnet
                  




               
            . Sept. 11
. +


                  William
                   Barnet
               



            . I am servant
 to Capt. Maynard.
Q. Have you been christened? *
* Barnet is a black


Barnet. Yes; I was christened in 1766. On the 11th of September I went to Shadwell Dock; as I was coming home I met with the prisoner; he asked me where I was going; I said to Holborn. He asked me to go into a public-house and drink with him, Two men came in; one of them pretended to be a Squire's son. One of them asked the way to High Holborn. The prisoner said he was going there, and would shew him the way. We went from there to Holborn


; when we came to the Two Blue Posts he asked me to go in there and drink; I told him I would rather not; he prevailed upon me, and I went in with him. The 'Squire's son and another man came in there; the 'Squire's son proposed to toss up for some liquor; he said he would toss up for 50 l. The prisoner said he was a brewer's clerk, and he could not afford to toss up for so much money. They got tossing up for money. The prisoner asked to see my buckles; I took them out of my shoes; the prisoner laid them down upon his handkerchief. Soon after that the 'Squire's son said he wanted a watch for a girl of his. I took out my watch; the 'Squire's son asked me what I would take for it; I asked five guineas. The prisoner said let me alone. I will get you seven guineas for your watch and buckles. The prisoner and the 'Squire's son tossed up for 10 l. the prisoner lost, and borrowed some money to pay it; then he asked me to go over the way with him, to borrow some more money. Almost as soon as I had crossed the pavement. I began to think my watch and buckles might not be safe; so I went back again, and they and my watch and buckles were gone. The 'Squire's son was to buy buckles, so he gave me his buckles to put in my shoes, which he said were silver, but I find they are not; I believe they are pewter.
Q. from the prisoner. Whether he did not go halves with me when I tossed up and them?
Barnet. No; I had no concern with the tossing up.
Prisoner's Defence.
He staked his watch and buckles against the 'Squire's son; he lost them, and he went out as I thought contented.
The Prisoner called Henry Street, who had known him seven years; 
               
                  Edward
                   Perry
               



             one year; 
               
                  Joseph
                   Yeoman
               



             three years; 
               
                  Charles
                   Powley
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Beale
               



             five years, who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
