





141. (L.) 
               
                  Jane, wife
 of 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Richardson
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing four linen shifts, value 8 s. six linen aprons, value 10 s. a cotton gown, value 10 s. a pair of worsted stockings, a linen shirt, two napkins, six linen handkerchiefs, two silk handkerchiefs, and three yards and a half of linen cloth
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Barker
                  




               
            , January 27
. ++


                  John
                   Barker
               



            . I live in Jewin-street


. On the 27th of January I went out on a party of pleasure into the country, and came to town again on the 29th, about five in the afternoon. I am an attorney's clerk
. My wife came to me in my office, and informed me, my apartment had been broke open. I went home immediately, and found those things missing that are laid in the indictment; some of them we have found again at different pawnbrokers. I was informed somebody that belonged to the house did it; I had a suspicion of the prisoner. I took her up, and found a pair of my stockings on her legs; this was the 30th of January. She lodged over my kitchen. She denied the charge utterly. Mr. alderman Harley thought it a matter of little consequence; he then discharged her. She went to lodge at a particular friend's of my own mother's by which means we came to a farther knowledge. I took her up again; she then owned it, and by her directions I found at three different pawnbrokers a shirt and a handkerchief that I can swear to, four linen shifts, six linen aprons, six handkerchiefs, a pair of black stockings on her legs, two soosee handkerchiefs, a shirt, three yards and a half of linen cloth, and two napkins.
Mrs. Barker. I had been out and returned about five o'clock in the evening, on the 29th of January. I could not get in; the prisoner ran down, and asked me, how I did? While I was trying at the padlock, she pulled it and undid it: I went to go into the parlour, and found my door open, and the things in a confusion. I found the wood of my closet was broke, which I had locked at my going out. I missed the things laid in the indictment (mentioning them.) We have found them all but four handkerchiefs, and one apron, and one shift. She produced one shift and two napkins out of her drawers. (The things found produced and deposed to) They were found by her directions at three different pawnbrokers, except what she produced.
Wil. Windsor. On the 27th of January the prisoner pledged this piece of new cloth with me. (Holding it in his hand.)
The other pawnbrokers deposed the prisoner pledged the other goods with them.
Prisoner's Defence.
They came and told me they had a suspicion I had robbed them. I showed her my stockings on my legs, and told her I bought them in Field-lane. I went with her there, and the woman was frighted, and said, I did not buy them there. I was put in the Compter, and brought to be re-examined. I said, I had carried some things to pawn, to raise money for my husband. I did not open the door; but I took a bundle that was upon a chair. I shut the door after me. Mrs. Barker promised me I might make use of that bundle to fetch my things out of pawn.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
