





620. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      BURNS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a black beaver woman's hat, value ten shillings: a white cloth cloak bound with worstead ferret, value eighteen shillings; a check linen apron, value four shillings; a linen shift, value seven shillings; a silk handkerchief, value one shilling; twenty shillings in money, numbered, and one hundred and twenty half-pence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard
                            Kitchen
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , August 31st
. +


                  Mary
                   Kitchen
               



            . The prisoner was my apprentice
. Last Thursday was fortnight, I lost out of my house the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) there was no one in the house but the prisoner; there were none of the things taken upon her, but before the justice she confessed that she took twenty shillings and a handkerchief.


                  John
                   Pennock
               



            . As I was going to work, about six in the morning of the 31st of August, I me: the prisoner coming out of her Mistress's court. She had on a black beaver hat, and a woman's white market cloak, which came very low upon the ground. When the neighbours told me Mrs. Kitchen was robbed, I acquainted her with it.


                  James
                   Dee
               



            . On Monday afternoon I took the prisoner in Covent-garden, and delivered her to her mistress before justice Welch. She confessed she took the money, and spent it: The justice asked her about the hat and cloak, but she owned to nothing else.
Prisoner's Defence.
I only took five shillings in money. My mistress had no more in the house.




               Guilty of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


