





42. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JANE
                      DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two copper pottage pots, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Frisby
                  




               
            , October 26
. +


                  John
                   Frisby
               



            . On the 26th of October, between five and six in the evening. I lost these two porridge pots out of a back yard behind my house in the Old Bailey


. I did not see her take them. Her master where she lived came to me on Sunday, and asked if I had lost two copper pots. I told him I had. I saw them afterwards before the Lord Mayor. The broker where she offered them to sale took her into custody. (The pots produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor) We missed them five minutes after we had seen them.


                  William
                   Styles Jones
               



            . I am a broker. I live in Fleet-lane, a little below Mr. Frisby's. On the 26th of October the prisoner offered these two pots to sale; she said they were her own property; it was about five o'clock; I asked what she would have for them; she said six shillings. By the price I suspected they were stolen; I asked where she lived: she said in the Old Bailey with Mr. Metcalf; I told her I should be glad to see Mr. Metcalf, to know if they were her own property; I asked if she had a husband; she did not choose to give any account of her husband; I went with her; she took the pots in her hand and went up Fleet-lane, she turned at the top to the right hand; I said where are you going, this is not the way where you said you lived. I desired one of the constables to take charge of her; by that time Mr. Frisby had missed the pots; he came and owned them.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not say any such thing to Jones. I met a young woman with these pots; I went along with her; Jones was not at home; in the mean time this young woman desired me to stop while the woman I met went to fetch herself some snuff.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
