





257. (L.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      BLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 30 s, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Marsh
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            , Jan. 20
. ++


                  William
                   Marsh
               



            . I am a pawnbroker
, and live in Aldersgate-street


. I took in a watch as a pledge on the 20th of January; I put it in the window behind the counter; I missed it about eight o'clock that night. The prisoner came with the person that pledged it about three o'clock in the afternoon; about two hours after that the prisoner came to know if I would buy the watch that was pledged by the other person; I said, I would not. I missed it about an hour after he was gone; I made enquiry about it the next day, and found it at Mr. Davidson's at Temple Bar. I paid the money lent upon it, which was 15 s. and took it away. The prisoner went there afterwards for the watch, and they stopt him and sent for me; that was the Friday after I lost it.


                  John
                   Crawford
               



            . I live at Mr. Davidson's, a pawnbroker; the prisoner brought this watch on Tuesday the 21st of January; I lent him 15 s. Two hours after that, Marsh came and described the watch, and my master delivered it to him. The prisoner came on the 31st with a duplicate and two other persons, and demanded the watch. We secured him, and took him to the Compter; we informed Mr. Marsh of it, and we had afterwards a hearing before my Lord Mayor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought the watch and paid for it, on the 20th of January, at the Coach and Horses in Fleet-street.
For the Prisoner.


                  William
                   Davis
               



            . The prisoner is my son-in-law, he is a plaisterer; he has been on board a man of war; since he came back he has had no business, trade being had, I have maintained him. I never heard any thing bad of him.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
