





164. (2d. M.) 
               
                  ELANOR
                   NOWLAND
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of worsted stockings, value 2 s. one black silk cloak, value 3 s. and one yard of muslin, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Carson
                  




               
            , December 28th
. ||



                  Samuel
                   Carson
               



            . I live in Baldwin's Gardens, Gray's-Inn Lane


, and am a dealer in stockings and linen
. While the shop was sitting up the goods lay in a different room of the house. On the 23d of December my wife missed a piece of muslin and a cloak; I missed four pair of stockings: the prisoner lodged in a garret in the house, and I suspected her; I got a search warrant and searched her room, but did not find any of my goods. I went to one Clarke, a pawnbroker over the way, and found a pair of my stockings pawned by the prisoner; upon this I took her up and she was sent to Bridewell: my wife and I went to Bridewell to her, there she confessed to two pair of stockings, and the cloak and muslin, and gave me the duplicate to get them out of pawn; I got the cloak and muslin but could not hear of the other pair of stockings. (One pair of stockings and the muslin produced and deposed to.) The muslin was found at one Mr. Carnaby's, a pawn-broker, the corner of Featherstone Buildings.


                  Mary
                   Carson
               



            . The cloak and muslin found at Mr. Carnaby's are my property.


                  Joseph
                   Clark
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I took in this pair of stockings of the prisoner the 27th of December; she pawned them in the name of 
               
                  Ann
                   Sharrard
               



            .
George Carnaby. I took in the cloak and muslin of a woman that resembles the prisoner; I cannot tell whether it was her or not; they were pawned in the name of Miss Simpson; I gave a duplicate to the person that brought it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I asked Mrs. Carson to lend me eight or nine shillings, she could not she said lend it me, but she gave me the cloak, muslin, and two pair of stockings, to raise money upon,
Mrs. Carson. It is totally false.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
