





11. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Underwood
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving a pair of silver candlesticks, value 7 l. a silver sockets for candlesticks value 5 s. a silver cruet stand, value 3 l. one silver cruet top, value 5 s. a silver pepper castor, value 10 s. a silver soup spoon, value 20 s. a silver cullendar spoon, value 15 s. two silver ragoo spoons, value 2 l. sixteen silver table spoons, value 8 l. nineteen silver forks, value 10 l. two silver marrow spoons, value 15 s. five silver tea spoons, value 5 s. two silver knife handles, value 4 s. two silver salts, value 20 s. one silver salt-shovel, value 1 s. a large silver waiter, value 6 l. two small silver waiters, value 6 l. a silver sugar castor, value 30 s. a silver mustard pot, value 20 s. a silver punch ladle, value 5 s. a silver strainer, value 10 s. a silver saucepan, value 15 s. two silver muggs, value 3 l. a silver funnel, value 12 s. a pair of silver snuffers, value 20 s. and a pair of steel snuffers, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Eleanor
                            Jerdore
                        




                     
                  , widow, well knowing them to have been stolen by 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Knight
                     



                  , 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Bird
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        William
                         Payne
                     



, October 19
. ++.

The record of the conviction of the principals was read in court.
Tapham, who is servant to Mrs. Jerdore, deposed, that Mrs. Jerdore's house, in Great Marlborough-street, was broke open on the 19th of October, in the night; when the goods, mentioned in the indictment, were stolen.


                  William
                   Halliburton
               



             deposed, that he, with - Wright, 
               
                  John
                   Clark
               



            , and several others, was sent, by Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , in search of the plate, the same morning as the robbery. That they went to the prisoner's house, where they found the plate, mentioned in the indictment, under the bed in the two pair of stairs room, tied up in an apron.


                  John
                   Clark
               



             and - Wright, confirmed the evidence given by 
               
                  William
                   Halliburton
               



            .
*** For a more full and particular account of their evidence, we refer our readers to the trial of the principals, No. 696, 697 and 698, last sessions.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had nothing to do with the plates the house does not belong to me; I was drunk for eight days together.
For the Prisoner.


                  Elizabeth
                   Mills
               



            . I rent the house. I let out the two pair of stairs room to 
               
                  John
                   Murray
               



            , and 
               
                  Ann
                   Oddy
               



             had another room: she let Murray in with the plate when I was in bed, and asleep.
Q. How do you know that?
Mills. I was told so.
Q. What were your apartments?
Mills. The two lower rooms.
Q. What room did you lie in?
Mills. Sometimes one, sometimes the other.
Q. Which room did you lie in that night?
Mills. The fore room. I got up about six o'clock: Murray came down stairs, and wanted to speak with me; I would say nothing to him, but scolded him for coming in.
Q. Where did Underwood lie?
Mills. In the under room.
Q. You don't pass for Underwood's wife, do you?
Mills. No.
Q. Do you not live with him? and do not people call you by his name?
Mills. They do sometimes, but they have no right to call me so.
Q. How came the snuffers in your room?
Mills. I know nothing of them.


                  Ann
                   Oddy
               



            . I rent a one pair of stairs room at Mrs. Mill's, as half a crown a week.
Q. Was you there when they were playing at cards?
Oddy. No; I went out about eight o'clock.
Q. Who was the woman they had got into your room?
Oddy. I don't know; my husband came home and broke the door open.
Q. Pray who may your husband be?
Oddy. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Oddy
               



             - he drives a hackney coach. The door has a slight lock, he pushed it open.
Q. What time did the people that were found in your room, come into the house?
Oddy. I heard somebody knock at the door. I know this Murray to be a chimney-sweeper; there were some other people with him: I believe they were the unhappy men that died on Tuesday. I had no light; they went up into the two pair of stairs; Murray lodged there. My landlady abused me next day, for letting them in. I knew Murray to be a + very honest lad, till this affair. Underwood had been drunk for eight days, and was in bed, and after at the time.



               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
+ Murray was tried no less than three times, in Mr. Alderman Trecothick's mayoralty, for burglaries.
See Underwood tried for buglaries, No. 11 and 367; and for receiving stolen goods, No 234, all in Mr. Alderman Beckford's second mayoralty. See him an evidence against 
               
                  Mac
                   Donald
               



            , &c. No. 434, &c. in Mr. Alderman Trecothick's mayoralty.
