






231. 232. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      STANTON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     PHENIX
                      JONES GRANT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing sixteen men's hats, value twenty shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Davis
                  




               
            , January 23
. *


                  John
                   Davis
               



            . I am a hat maker
; I keep a shop near the Gate-House, Westminster


. My shop was broke open, on the 23d of January about eleven at night; and I lost sixteen hats; three were new ones; they were what we make for coachmen; the rest were old ones. At about half after eleven, I was called by a watchman, from Old Palace Yard: he shewed me some hats. I knew the first I looked at to be mine.


                  James
                   Hastem
               



            . I am a watchman. About half after eleven o'clock, on the 23d of January as I was walking backwards and forwards at my stand, which is about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Davis's shop, a man ran by me as fast as he could, wit h a black bundle under his arm: another fellow ran full against me. I saw that he had hats under his arm: he gave me a fall into the kennel upon my right knee, and threw the hats behind him. I picked them up. Mr. Davis was sought for. I and the constable went to search Leg Court. Coming by the Star and Garter, the next door but one to my box, the two prisoners came out, each with a pot of beer in his hand: we followed them into Leg Court; at a particular house in the court. The constable bid me get before them into the middle of the court. I did, and lifted up my lanthorn, and said, this is the man I had the hats from; that was Stanton; I had a sufficient sight of him when he ran by me, and knew him again. As to the other, I am not positive about him. I took him by the collar, and struggled with him for a minute and a half.
Stanton's Defence.
I am innocent of this matter; I have no witnesses.
There being no evidence to affect Grant, he was not put upon his defence.
Stanton 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


Grant 

               Acquitted
            .
