





520. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      CARTWRIGHT
                  



               
             was indicted for that he, 


               on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        John
                         Browman
                     



                  , did make an assault, with intent the money and effects of the said John, feloniously to steal
            . June 9th
. +


                     John
                      Browman
                  




               
            . On Tuesday the 9th of June; I was attacked about twelve at night, by the prisoner, in Piccadilly


, near Burlington House. I took coach the corner of Albemarle Street; the coach was stopt, and the prisoner came to the coach door, and demanded my money; I did not see that he had any weapons; I pushed my cane in his face; I struck him two or three blows, and called out, watch! and stop thief! upon which he ran away, and some men who were going by secured him.
Q. Are you positive the prisoner is the man?
Browman. Yes; I never lost sight of him.


                  Edward
                   Head
               



            . I am the coachman that drove the prosecutor; I took the prosecutor up at the corner of Albemarle Street; he bid me drive him down Northumberland Street. The prisoner ran up to the horses, caught hold of the harness, and ordered me three times to stop; I did stop: then he ran up to the coach door, and ordered the gentleman to deliver, twice; he put his head in at the door; the gentleman struck him two or three times with his cane; then the prisoner ran away towards St. James's Street; I never lost sight of him.
Q. from the prisoner. Did I use any violence to you or the gentleman?
Head. No; only ordered me to stop; I did not see any weapon, though I supposed he had some, or I should not have stopt.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been sick for eight or nine weeks; I was just come out of the hospital; I had been drinking with some friends, and having been ill it overcame me, and I was so intoxicated that I did not know any thing I did.
The prosecutor and Head both said that he did not appear in the least intoxicated.
For the Prisoner.


                  Joseph
                   Crawford
               



            . I have known the prisoner between 20 and 30 years; he has worked for me. I never knew any thing dishonest of him.


                  Eleanor
                   White
               



            . I have lived in the same house as the prisoner two years; he is an honest industrious man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
