





629. (M.) 
               
                  ISABELLA
                   LIDDLE
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing three guineas, two half guineas, and two quarter guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Walker
                  




               
            , Oct. 7
. *


                  Samuel
                   Walker
               



            . I live at Ware in Hertfordshire. I was coming down Catherine-street in the Strand


 on Thursday night the 7th of this month, about nine o'clock; I heard the cry of fire! at the bottom of the street; there is a tavern; several girls were standing at the door; the prisoner laid hold of me and asked me where I was going; she asked me to go with her; by her intreaties I went with her to her lodgings, facing the Playhouse door in Catherine-street; I went up stairs with her; I was in the room two or three minutes; we were pretty nigh together; she left me and called her maid to know if her bed was ready; the maid came up stairs, and said, ma'am, I have got no candle; she said get a candle and take care of something, I could not understand what she said; I clapped my hand upon my thigh and missed my money; I jumped out of the chair; I seized her and pulled her into the room, and said you have robbed me. I had four guineas and a half in my left hand breeches pocket; I felt my money when I went into the room; I am very careful of my money; I can't think how she got it, she was too cunning for me. The landlord came up; I insisted upon his sending for a constable, or I said I would cry out murder, and make a devil of a to do; a constable was brought; he came up and searched her, but found no money about her; I was not in the room above two minutes before I missed my money. The next day, after we had been before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , the maid was taken up.


                  Peter
                   Judith Carey
               



            . The prisoner's maid, 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Martin
               



            , came to my house and called me up about seven o'clock on Friday morning; she said she was in a great fright; she said her mistress was in the Round-house.
Q. Did she lodge at your house?
Carey. No; my house is a quarter of a mile from their lodgings: I had no acquaintance with the prisoner; I only knew the maid; she said her mistress met a gentleman and brought him home.
Court. You must not mention what she told you.
Carey. I saw the prisoner in the Round-house; she asked me if I had seen her maid; I said I had; I asked her if she had got a guinea and five shillings which the maid said she had sent her by another woman; she said she had, and bid me tell the maid to take care of the remainder of the money, and bring it to her when she was in Bridewell, and desired she would not come near her till she was in Bridewell.


                  Elizabeth
                   Martin
               



            . I was the prisoner's servant; she lodged at a chandler's shop in Russel-street. I was in the shop when she came home, between eight and nine in the evening, with this man; they went up stairs together; after they had been there about five minutes she called upon the stairs to know if the bed was ready; I went up the stairs and she gave a bag into my hand, and desired me to take care of it; it was a linen bag; I believe there were in it two guineas, two half guineas, and a quarter guinea. A little after that I heard her scream and make a noise, and she was sent to the Round-house; she sent a message to me from the Round-house to make away with the bag; I threw it away.
Prosecutor. My money was in a brown linen bag; it contained three guineas, two half guineas, and two quarter guineas; that I am positive of; there was something more.


                  John
                   Heley
               



            . I was sent for and searched the prisoner; I found nothing upon her; the next day I went after the maid; I found her drunk; her hand was clenched; I insisted upon opening it then; I found a guinea, two half guineas, a shilling and three-pence. The maid said her mistress gave her the money.


                  John
                   Calker
               



            . I was constable of the night: I had charge of the prisoner; the next day I found upon her a guinea and 7 s. and 8 d.
Prisoner's Defence.
The prosecutor went home with me; he asked me what he should give me to sleep with me all night; I said I would not take less than half a guinea; he offered me 5 s. 3 d. at last he agreed to give me half a guinea. I have a friend that servant knows who gave me two guineas; I gave my money to my maid to take care of as he was a strange gentleman. I was sent for the night before to the bagnio in Chandois-street, and there I got a guinea; my money was in a piece of check rag.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
