





288. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      DALTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth great coat, value 12 s. two pair of leather breeches, value 20 s. a linen shirt, value 1 s. three muslin neck cloths, value 2 s. two silk handkerchiefs, value 1 s. two linen handkerchiefs, value 1 s. a pair of worsted stockings, value 1 s. and two pair of mens leather shoes, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Folgar
                        



                     
                  , and two thickset frocks, value 10 s. a thickset waistcoat, value 5 s. a linen shirt, value 1 s. and two linen handkerchiefs, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Johnson
                  



               
            , Jan. 11
. *


                  Thomas
                   Folgar
               



            . I live with Mr. Schutz; I have known the prisoner two years; he formerly lived with Sir 
               
                  George
                   Colebrook
               



            ; at the time of this robbery he lived with one Mr. Reeves, who keeps Barnard's mews


: Mr. Schutz keeps horses at the livery; I lay in the mews, over the coach house; the prisoner was hostler
 at that time to the horses I looked after; he being missing at the time the clothes were missed I suspected him; I enquired after him and he was found at the end of the week at last; he was brought to London on Sunday; I charged him with having stolen these things; he owned he had taken them; he said he was sorry for it; he was carried before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            ; there he owned it again and went with me to Monmouth-street and shewed the place where he had sold the stockings, breeches and shirt. (The things produced.)


                  Thomas
                   Johnson
               



            . I lost the things of mine mentioned in the indictment; I found one thickset frock at the Three Crowns, in Monmouth-street, by the prisoner's directions, who went with us in a coach to shew where he sold them; the prisoner had the other thickset frock and waistcoat on when he was brought from the country.
The prisoner in defence said he borrowed the frock.
He called no witnesses.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
