






58, 59. (L.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      SMITH
                  



               
            , spinster, and 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      CUNNINGHAM
                  



               
            , spinster, were indicted for 


               stealing a leather purse, value 2 d. and six guineas and 9 s. 6 d. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry
                      Holm
                  




               
            , Nov. 1st
. *


                  Henry
                   Holm
               



            . I am a Shripwright
. On Sunday night the 1st of November about 11 o'clock, the prisoners stopped me in Peter's alley facing the Royal-exchange


; three laid hold of me; Cunningham lifted up my coat, put her hand in my pocket, and took out my purse, containing six guineas and 9 s. in silver; Mr. Peach came by and took my part; they were never out of my sight; but one run away. I took the women to the watchhouse.
Q. Were they searched?
Holm. No, only the woman's stays were taken off.


                  William
                   Peach
               



            . About half after 11 o'clock, on Sunday night, the 1st. of November; I saw that woman at the corner; I saw one come out and run away; there were two women, one on one side, the other on the other; the gentleman cried out that he was robbed, I laid hold of the women; I saw the tallest woman have her hands upon his coat: they were secured and carried away; they swore they had never seen the man in their life time. Cunningham had her stays off; there was no other searched; one ran in the highway and behaved indecent; the watchman insisted upon my going with them to the watch house.
Prisoner's Defence.
They stript us to the skin and put their hands up our bodies.
Peach. No, the watchman said that was the case with a gentleman that lost a ring a little before, the gentleman offered one of them two guineas if she could produce it, she said she would; she took it, after having been searched to her skin, from that place as was supposed.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
