





455. (2d M.) 
               
                  SARAH, the wife
 of 
                     
                        John
                         GROVES
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver table spoon, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Steward
                  




               
            , Esq
; ++


                  William
                   Smith
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  John
                   Steward
               



            , Esq; in York Buildings


. On the 26th of March I missed one of the silver spoons that were in my care: the prisoner was a milk carrier that served the family. A man came in the afternoon from the Rotation Office, and asked me if I had lost a spoon; I said we had; he said if I would go to the Rotation Office at five o'clock that evening I should see the woman that took the spoon: I went there; the spoon was produced; it had my master's cypher upon it.


                  Thomas
                   Humphrys
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in West-street, Seven Dials: the prisoner offered me this spoon (producing it) on the 25th of March; I stopped her; she said it was a family spoon of her husband's; I asked her if she would go before a magistrate, and swear it was her property; she said, yes, and went eagerly; when I came to Mr. Welch's office it was shut up; I kept the spoon, and told her if she would come next day, and bring any body to prove it was her's, she should have it; she came next day and brought another woman, who said it was the prisoner's property, and gave her a good character. I would not deliver it up but took her before a magistrate; she there said she found it in Mr. Steward's passage.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found it in the passage.
She called her master, who gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
