






80, 81. (M.) 
               
                  
                     LYON
                      BACKERUC
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ISAAC
                      USHER
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing sixty men's hats, value 15 l. and sixty boys hats, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Chamberlayne
                  




               
            , Nov. 9
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Chamberlayne
               



            . I am a hatter
 in Clement's-lane, Cannon-street. I lost a chest of hats on the 9th of last month, that I had sent to the King's Arms in Leadenhall-street


, to go to Eaton-stone by the Colchester coach, containing ten dozen of hats or more, some men's and some boy's, for the fair. As I sent them on Sunday night by 
               
                  Thomas
                   Cracknall
               



             they were lost on the Friday morning, and I never saw them again. A gentleman bought five dozen and four, them I have found. I don't know who took them out of the basket behind the coach. I delivered them to the book-keeper, and cannot say any thing further. I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  Thomas
                   Cracknall
               



            . I carried the chest of hats to Leaden-hall-street, and put them in the hind part of the Colchester coach on the 9th of November, about five in the morning; I went with the coach; I missed them when I came a mile and a quarter out of town.


                  David
                   Levi
               



            . On the second of November last, the two prisoners came to my house. I keep a shoe and hat-warehouse; Backeruc came into my shop, Usher stood at the door; he asked me if my brother was at home. I asked him which brother; he said, your brother the Hatter. I said he did not live with me; with that he went out of the shop, and said something to Usher. Usher said, he should; upon which he returned into the shop, and said, I have a parcel of hats for you. I asked him what they were; he had one on his head; he pulled it off, and said, they were not all like that; some were larger, but all new. I asked him what he asked a-piece, he said 15 d. a hat. I thought them not honestly come by, on which I did not care to have any thing to do with them. I told them my man was not at home, and I did not buy without my man; he said, O, you cannot see them till night, because they are all link. I said, what is that? Why, says he, they are not honestly come by. I said then I will wait on you in the evening. I thought it my duty as a member of society to apprehend him. I went to Mr. Meyers and told him of it. He said, I should endeavour to get the goods in my possession, and he would lay a train to endeavour to apprehend him. Accordingly I waited on the prisoner at night; he was not at home; his wife told me I should come again in the morning. I went again in the morning. I asked him to let me see the hats. I had known him from a child. He said, he would bring them to me at night. I went to Mr. Meyers, and he directed me how to act. When I was gone, about two or three in the afternoon Mr. Meyers sent for me, and told me he had been up to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's; he advised me to make an agreement to give him part of the money, and Mr. Meyers gave me two guineas to give him; and bid me tell them to come next evening for the rest; as soon as dark came the prisoner brought the hats. I took them up stairs; he said first there were six dozen; when we counted them there was but five dozen and one. As we counted them I told him 15 d. a hat was rather too much, as it was an hazardous thing; he said then, we will not stand for that, you shall have them all at even price, a shilling a hat. It was Bakaruc that I bargained with: he said, when shall I come? I said, about six o'clock; he said, very well; I believe I shall have something else when I come; I said, bring it with you. I took some hats to Mr. Meyers; he said I had done right; and bid me come up to him in the morning. I went with him to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's; Sir John said he would send some of his people about five in the evening; Sir John sent two of his men down to me. I placed them in such a manner that they might over-hear the conversation between the prisoner and me; I placed them on the stair-case; when we came in I said, come up, I will give you the money, and you shall give me a receipt; he said, what signifies asking for a receipt on this account? I said I would have a receipt; poh, poh, says he, what a black you are! I said I would be a black for once. When we came up stairs I said, have you brought that you promised me? he said, I could not get it then, but I should have it in a day or two; besides, said he, I did not know you would buy such things, else I could have brought you, about a fortnight ago, for 50 l. as much as was valued at 300 guineas. I said, I am very sorry you did not bring it; said he, I did not know you would buy; but now I know you will buy, I will bring you some; he said the Jews are so sharp now we don't know who to trust. I stampt with my feet, and the two men came in; we went out afterwards and took in his companion, we bound them, and put them in a coach, and carried them to Sir John; these are the hats ( producing them.) they have been in my custody ever since.
Prisoner. They are my property. I had been at work on them a good while.


                  Abraham
                   Henry
               



            . I saw the two prisoners at my master's. Backaruc, asked my master, if his brother lived here; he said no; Backaruc went out to the door, and said to Usher, shall I tell him about it? Usher said, yes; he went in doors. I heard him say he had a parcel of hats to sell for 16 d. a-piece, bran-span new.
Bakaruc, in his defence, said, that while he was drinking at the Red-lion ale-house, a man came in, and offered to sell him some bats; that he told the man, that he thought he could get him a customer for all the bats, and that the man gave them to him to sell.

He called 
               
                  George
                   Armstrong
               



            , who said, that he was at the Red-lion ale-house; that a man brought some hats into the house, and offered them to sale, and that Bakaruc undertook to get the man a customer for them. And 
               
                  William
                   Cotterel
               



            , who said, that he carried the bats for a man in a white coat to Rosemary-lane; that when they came to the Horns and Horseshoe, that man took the bag of hats off his back, and put it on the prisoner's.
For Usher.


                  Nicholas
                   Bond
               



            . Usher was in custody at the time these hats were stolen.
Bakaruc 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Usher 

               acquitted
            .
