





245. (M. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     Peter
                      Batchelor
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Delaforce
                     



                  , privately in the shop of the said John
            , March 8
. ++


                     John
                      Delaforce
                  




               
            . I live in Nortonfalgate


, and keep a pawnbroker's shop
. On the 8th of March the prisoner came into my shop, and asked me to shew him a watch. I shewed him a silver one with an enamelled dial-plate. He did not like the plate. I shewed him another with a silver plate. He seemed to like it. He said, there is another that hangs up in the corner, let me look at that. It was hanging in the window. I took the frame down in which the watches hung; in the mean time he ran away with the other. I jumped over the compter, and called out, and ran after him, but he out-ran me.
Q. Did you ever get your watch again?
Delaforce. No, I never did. I have known him eight or nine years; and some of my neighbours hearing he had robbed me, came and told me he was drinking at the King's-arms alehouse in Bishopsgate-street, the night after. There I went and took him. I asked him, what he had done with my watch? He said, he had taken it, and given it to one 
               
                  Ann
                   White
               



            , and she had sold it to 
               
                  Mark
                   Marks
               



            , a Jew, for a guinea.
Prisoner's Defence.
What he has swore is as false as the child unborn. I never was in his shop. I was ill at that time better than a night and a day, and was in bed. I might in a fright acknowledge I took the watch when he took me up.
To his Character.
Rich. Walker. I have known him about two years; his character is that of honest. He was a shop-mate of mine.
Q. What has he done for a livelihood this last three months?
Walker. I do not know.


                  John
                   Flude
               



            . I have known him five years; he bears the character of a very honest man.


                  Paul
                   Batchelor
               



            . I am his father. I never heard a bad character of him before this.


                  Tho.
                   Fair
               



            . I have known him about half a year; he was always very honest.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately
            , 


               T
            .
