





491. (L) 
               
                  Higham
                   Solomon
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty-four pair of worsted stockings, value 3 l. and eight worsted breeches pieces, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen
                            Wallinger
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Stephen
            , June 30
. ++


                  Stephen
                   Wallinger
               



             deposed that he is a stocking-trimmer
, and lives at London-wall


; that the goods laid in the indictment were sent to him by Mr. Cooper, a hosier, in Bishopsgate-street; that they left the shop for about five minutes, in which time the goods were stolen from off his shop-board. (The goods produced, and deposed to by Mr. Cooper, as his property.)


                  Peter
                   Barke
               



            , an accomplice, deposed, that coming down London wall with the prisoner, they saw the goods in the shop; and he, the accomplice, stood at the door, upon the watch, whilst the prisoner brought the goods out; that the prisoner bid him carry them home to their lodgings; that he came there to him in about an hour; that the woman that the prisoner lives with, came in, and told them the constable was coming; that they each took some of the goods and went away; that 
               
                  John
                   Paget
               



            , the constable met him, and secured him; that he went with him in order to take the prisoner; and that they took him the same day in Petticoat-lane.


                  John
                   Paget
               



            , the constable, deposed, that after having taken the accomplice, they went in pursuit of the prisoner, and took him in Petticoat-lane; that, upon searching him, they found two pair of stockings and a breeches piece.
The prisoner in his defence said, the goods that were found upon him he had bought for his own wear.




               Guilty, 39 s.
            



               T
            .
Court. He confessed last sessions, that he had been concerned in FORTY-FIVE robberies, and among the rest, in robbing one of you gentlemen of the jury, Mr. Kerr; but it was not proper to mention it before. It is the first instance I ever knew of an accomplice escaping the gallows.
