





612. (L) 
               
                  
                     DOVE
                      ASH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Bill of Exchange, value ten pounds, date, Bridgenorth, July the 24th, 1775, in the name of 
                     
                        Benjamin
                         Hastlewood
                     



                  , directed to Messrs. Alderson and Sandland, Cateaton-street, London for the payment of ten pounds, seven days after date, to 
                     
                        Cobbe
                         Pittman
                     



                  , or order
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Plestow
                  




               
            , Esq
. Aug. 3d
.
General Plestow. I was at Vauxhall upon the 3d of August, I missed my pocket book, with some notes; it was in my waistcoat pocket; I am convinced it must have been picked out of my pocket, either in Vauxhall gardens


, or going from the garden to the coach the next morning. I sent notes to the several places where the notes were payable, as a caveat against the payment of the notes, particularly to Anderson and Sandland.


                  Stephen
                   Chambers
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Anderson; a notice came for us to stop a note of the description of that in the indictment; the prisoner afterwards came with a note; being ask about it, he at first said, he was employed by a gentleman; he was asked, what gentleman? he said, he did not ask the gentleman's-name that employed him upon an errand. The constable was charged with him; then he said, he found the note.


                  Daniel
                   Lancoln
               



            . I had the prisoner in custody; he said, he had the note of a gentleman to change, and he did not know his name.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the note in the road.
The prisoner called a witness, who deposed, that the prisoner shewed him the note over night, and said, he had found it, and wanted to know whether it was worth any thing.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


