





603. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George
                      Fettiplace
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver tankard, value 7 l. the property of 
                     
                        James
                         Bowker
                     



                  , in the dwelling house of the said James
            , Nov. 27th
. ++


                     James
                      Bowker
                  




               
            . I keep the Three Tuns, in Northampton street, Wood's Close




; at the time of this robbery I was in bed.
- Bowker. I am wife to the prosecutor The prisoner used our house several times; on the 27th of November he came to our house, and staid till about half after twelve; we missed the tankard about ten minutes after the prisoner was gone; there were four people besides him in the house; three of them are here, the other is ill; the house was shut up about half after eleven; they were playing at cards. I saw him set the tankard down upon the seat, between him and my son-in-law, about a quarter of an hour before he went away; he gave his cards to a young man to hold for him, and went out; as he did not come in again, I got up directly to look for the tankard, and it was gone.


                  Joseph
                   Taylor
               



            . I have seen the prisoner at the house twice; the second time was on the 27th of November. I went there about 11 o'clock with my wife's sister; several of the neighbours were playing at cards, the prisoner was playing. They asked me to take a hand; I sat down. I think the prisoner was the most facetious man in company that I ever saw; after we had set some little time, he went out at the door. I saw him before that take the tankard from the corner of the table, and set it between him and me. I saw him put the flap of his coat carelesly over the tankard. When the cards were just dealt out, and every body were looking at their hands, he got up and went out; I saw something of a bulk in his coat; his hand was through his coat pocket; he did not come in any more; we missed the tankard soon after.


                  Daniel
                   Riley
               



            . I came to Mr. Bowker's, to a club, about eight in the evening. The prisoner was there; he entertained us with several diversions. I bid him a good night, and came through the tap-room into the parlour; several ladies were at cards, and I joined them; they were drinking out of a pewter pot; somebody called for a tankard; the maid brought one; the prisoner put it down between him and Tyler; he went out twice or three times; soon after the last time he went, we missed the tankard.


                  Thomas
                   Riley
               



            . I held the cards for the prisoner whilst he went out; he desired me to look at his cards till he came in again; he did not come in for some time: I said I would go out and see for him; I went to the door, and he was gone. We missed the tankard in ten or twelve minutes after he was gone.
Q. How many more people were there in the room?
Riley. Four, besides the landlady; one of them is very bad. I saw him take the tankard from the table, and put it down by him.
Prisoner's Defence.
At the time I resorted to Mr. Bowker's, who is now the prosecutor, I belonged to the third regiment of guards; a dispute arose between me and a neighbour in Covent-garden parish where I live; I brought an action against him; the cause was tried at the Marshal's court, and I was nonsuited; some time after this, the muster of the guards insued; I sent a letter to the serjeant that I found an execution was issued against me, which prevented my personal attendance; he inform'd the colonel of it, and the colonel excused me; the serjeant was ordered to inquire into particulars; my personal attendance was omitted; some time after that, as a man very seldom wants friends, several people had inquired of the army where I lodged. I was traced from place to place; Mr. Bowker can inform your Lordship that from the time of my using his house, he never saw any thing indiscreet by me. This night that I was in the house, was a club-night; after the club was over, they set in for a game at cards; I made one of the party; as I went out to make my needs, I saw a soldier
, and as suspicion haunts the guilty mind, I made an elopement. I had deserted a year and almost eight months: I was told I should be tried at Hickes's Hall. I did not expect to be tried here.




               Guilty. 39 s.
            



               T
            .
