





776. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth
                      Harping
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 2 s. one silver table-spoon, value 5 s. one silver tea-spoon, value 1 s. two pair of linen sheets, value 26 s. three linen table-cloths, value 6 s. six linen pillow-biers, value 9 s. four linen shirts, value 20 s. and four check shirts, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Thomas
                  




               
            , October 18
. ++


                  James
                   Thomas
               



            . I am sexton
 at Shadwell


: the prisoner was my servant
; she had lived with me between three and four years. On the nineteenth of October my daughter told me she had taken some things out of the house. I asked if she knew what silver spoons were in use; she said, No. I went and looked among the spoons, and missed a silver one marked M N. I then desired my daughter to look over the house, and see whether she missed any thing else: accordingly she did, and on Monday following that silver spoon was brought in, and put into a cupboard, and another was carried out.
Q. How do you know it was brought in?
Thomas. Because I found it; I missed another that was marked I S C; then I desired my daughter to look further, if she found any thing missing. I did not know that any thing else was missing. On the Tuesday following the prisoner ran away; I got a warrant of justice Sherwood, and she was taken up on Wednesday, I think it was the twenty-third. She was carried before justice Sherwood; the goods mentioned in the indictment were all produced at his house, they are here now in court. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Q. What did the prisoner say about it?
Thomas. She declared the things mentioned in the indictment were my property; that she was in need of money for some debts contracted before she came to me, and took them through necessity; and that she carried them to one Mrs. Hyde, and desired her to pawn them, and that the money was for her own use. Mrs. Hyde is here, and Hyde owned she pawned them for her; she owned they were my property, and she took them for necessity.


                  Eleanor
                   Thomas
               



            . Do you know them. Are they the same as were at the justice's?
Thomas. Yes.
Q. Were they in the house about the time the prisoner was there?
Thomas. Yes.
Q. And they were missing then?
Thomas. Yes.
Q. What did she say before the justice?
Thomas. She said they were all our property, that she took them out, and pawned them through necessity.


                  Sarah
                   Hyde
               



            . The prisoner brought the things produced to my house at several times. While she lived at Mr. Thomas's, she said they were her own; she said she had kept as good a house as her master, and had as good cloaths as her mistress. She desired me to pawn them: the plate was pawned at Hodley's, the next at 
               
                  Ann
                   Dudley
               



            's, the next was at Mr. Simons's; and the next at Mr. Burch's.
Q. Was you before the justice?
Hyde. Yes.
Q. What did she say there?
Hyde. I did not hear; I shewed Mr. Thomas all the pawnbrokers.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not do it with any intent to wrong my master; I intended to fetch them again. The woman pawned them for twenty-five shillings more than she gave me, and she not giving me that money. I could not redeem them.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
