





488. (M.) 
               
                  
                     David
                      Hunter
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two printed books bound in leather, intitled Horatii Opera Delphinit, and twelve printed books in sheets, intitled the Builder's Jewel
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Aylward
                  




               
            , June 12
. ++


                  John
                   Aylward
               



             I live at No. 10, Wardrobe Court, Doctors Commons


; I am a book-binder
; the prisoner worked for me; he came to me the latter end of last January or beginning of February: he lodged in my house, and continued with me till taken up. The Wednesday after Whitsun week I missed twelve Builder's Jewels, which I afterwards found at Mr. Pridden's, with two 
               
                  Horace
                   Delphini
               



            .


                  John
                   Pridden
               



            . I am a bookseller, and live at No. 100 in Fleet-street; I bought two Horace Delphini, bound, and twelve Builder's Jewels, in sheets, of the prisoner at the bar; about four months ago I bought the two Horace, and the others about eight weeks ago. (producing them.)
Prosecutor. I can swear to the two Horace, they are my own work; they were taken out of a closet by themselves; they are my own property. I lost twelve Builder's Jewels, but can't swear to them, being in sheets.
Prisoner's Defence.
When my master took me up I was committed to the Compter; he went to my sister, and told her if I would confess and tell him what I knew about the books he would not hurt me; I told my master the books were at Mr. Pridden's.
Prosecutor. We had found the books at Mr. Pridden's before.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
