






379. (2d M.) 
               
                  JANE, the wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         WILLIAMS
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing seven yards of silk, value 30 s. seven yards of silk and stuff, value 16 s. two yards and three-quarters of black sattin, value 16 s. five yards and three-quarters of silk mode, value 14 s. seven yards of thread lace, value 4 s. four yards of linen cloth, value 4 s. one woollen cloak trimmed with ermine, value 16 s. and one quilted stuff petticoat, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ebenezer
                      Braithwaite
                  



               
            , Nov. 4th

. +



               Acquitted
            .
(2d M.) JANE, the wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   WILLIAMS
               



            , was a second time indicted for 


               stealing 73 yards of linen cloth, value 8 l. 17 s. 6 d. two remnants of printed linen, value 9 s. and three yards of bordered quilting, value 18 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Owen
                      Owen
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Peter
                      Foot
                  



               
            , Jan. 28

. +


                  Michael
                   Hughes
               



            . I live with Mess. Owen and Foot, who are linen draper

s. On the 28th of January the prisoner came to our shop, and bought goods to the amount of 10 l. 18 s. 2 d. and begged they might be sent to Mr. Goslin's, a stay-maker, in Leigh-street, Red Lion-square, in the course of half an hour, and the money would be paid for them immediately; this was about four o'clock; I took the goods there in the dusk of the evening; when I knocked at the door the prisoner opened it, and took me into a back parlour, lighted a candle, and desired me to sit down, and said she would just take the goods up stairs and shew them to her husband, and bring the money immediately; but instead of going up stairs, she ran out at the street door, and I never saw her any more till I apprehended her: about half an hour after this she sent us a letter, directing us to her husband, in Bear-street, Oxford-road; that we need not be uneasy, for the money might be obtained directly by applying to him, or we might arrest him; I went to the husband; he would not pay it; he said he had then a cause depending in Westminster-hall about it; when she was taken she told me where she had sold some of the things. I sold the things to her mentioned in the indictment (repeating them).
Prisoner's Defence.
It is a designed thing in my husband; he has used me very ill, and turned me out of doors with two children; I was obliged to do it or starve.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
