






519. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      WILLIAMSON, otherwise 
M'KENZIE




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of diamond ear-rings set in silver, value 21 l. the property of 
                     
                        George
                         Farquharson
                     



                  , privately in his shop
            , July 14th

. +


                     George
                      Farquharson
                  



               
            . I keep a jeweller's and silversmith's shop
 in the Strand



. On the 14th of July last, in the afternoon between three and six o'clock, the prisoner called at my shop; he had a pair of paste ear-rings he wanted to exchange for some other things; I shewed him a number of things; nothing gave him satisfaicton; I shewed him these diamond ear-rings; soon after he was gone I missed a 5 s. 3 d. and then the ear-rings; but before the prisoner went away he said he had given me a good deal of trouble, and would give me satisfaction; he desired me to bring him one of Mr. Cox's tickets next day, and he bespoke at the same time a mahogany case with green handle knives and forks, which he desired me to bring to Mr. Johnson, No. 16, Mead's-court; he seemed by his dress and manner the gentleman; I went there, but I could find no such house, nor no such person; then I naturally concluded he was the person that had stole the 5 s. 3 d. and the ear-rings; I made every attempt to find him out but did not meet with him till about three weeks afterwards, when a young man to whom I had described him, whose shop he had been at met him by accident about three weeks after, and had him secured; I was sent for; I was clear to the person of the prisoner as soon as I saw him; he denied it very strongly that night; the next morning he sent for me to the watch-house, and confessed it; he said he was the person; that he was in unhappy circumstances, and that he did steal them.
Q. Did you promise him it would be better for him, or persuade him to confess?
Farquharson. I made him no particular promise, but that I would be as indulgent as the law would allow.
Prisoner. He said I should not be hurted if I would confess.
Farquharson. He told me if I would say before Justice Welch that I was not sure he was the person that he would go and take the things out of pawn at his own expence, and give them me; I said I would not do that; at last he confessed he had pawned them in Prince's-street; in consequence of which the ear-rings were produced.
Q. Do you swear you shewed these ear-rings to him?
Farquharson. Yes.
Q. How long after did you miss them?
Farquharson. I believe some hours after.
Q. Were they shewn to any person else after the prisoner had been at your house?
Farquharson. I am very certain from the time I shewed them to him till I missed them, nobody else had seen them.
Q. How came you not to miss them?
Farquharson. In a multiplicity of things one does not so soon miss things.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the man?
Farquharson. Yes, very certain of it; he said he had pawned them at the pawnbroker's in Prince's-street; he named the name but I cannot recollect it.
Prisoner. I did not know the name, so I could not mention it.


                  Timothy
                   Parker
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Prince's-street: the prisoner came to me on the 14th of July in the afternoon, about five o'clock, and asked to have a locket that I had lent him a guinea and a half upon a few days before; he produced these ear-rings, and desired to have six guineas in money and the locket, which made seven guineas and a half; I asked him if the ear-rings belonged to him; he said no, they belonged to a lady; he was dressed very genteelly; I had not the least suspicion of their being stole, and was very much surprised when the gentleman came to enquire after them.
Q. Had he been at your house any other time but the time he pledged the locket?
Parker. Yes, he had; he always appeared very genteel when he came to our house. (The ear-rings produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Q. What name did the prisoner go by at your shop?
Parker. Williamson.
Q. from the prisoner. Whether the prosecutor did not say at the watch-house if I delivered up his pocket book I should not be hurted?
Prosecutor. I did not say so; I said I would go no farther than the law obliged me.
Q. from the prisoner. He said I should not be indicted capitally, only for transportation.
Prosecutor. I never said such a thing in the world.
Court. What clothes had he on when he came to buy the things of you?
Prosecutor. A lightish sky blue, and one of your showy waistcoats embroidered.
Q. to the other witness. How was he dressed when you saw him?
Parker. Much as Mr. Farquharson has described.



               Guilty
            . 


               Death
            .
(M.) 
               
                  WILLIAM
                   WILLIAMSON
               



             was a second time indicted for 


               stealing one diamond and emerald breast buckle set in gold and silver, value 9 l. the property of 
                     
                        Jenkin
                         Jones
                     



                  , privately in his shop
            , July 17

. ++


                     Jenkin
                      Jones
                  



               
            . I live at St. James's



: I am a jeweller and goldsmith
; the prisoner came to my house, and being a man of a genteel appearance I had no suspicion of him; he looked at several things in the jewellery way; at last this buckle was produced to him; he had it in his hand; he stayed about three quarters of an hour; he did not buy any thing, but desired me to carry some things to a lady; I missed it about an hour after he was gone; I do not know whether he ever returned it after he had it in his hand. The buckle was sold to a person in Compton-street.
- Grant. The prisoner brought the buckle to my shop to sell the 17th of July. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor).
Prisoner's Defence.
I never had it about me; it never was found upon me; I never had it in my hand; it lay on the counter.

For the Prisoner.
Mr. Charlton, clerk to the Rotation Office. The buckle was produced at the Rotation Office; he said he bought it of some person. Upon the examination of the prisoner the gentlemen gave their words it should not be laid capitally if he would confess where the properties were




               Guilty of stealing the goods, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
