





262. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Solomon
                      Levi
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               privately stealing in the shop of 
                     
                        
                           Esther
                            Whitrow
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Routh
                        



                     
                  , two hundred dozen of silk knee-garters, value 70 l. their property
            , March 25
. ++


                  John
                   Routh
               



            . I live in Petticoat-lane


, and am in partnership with 
               
                  Esther
                   Whitrow
               



            ; we are silk knee-garter makers; we keep a shop

. The prisoner lived at a bad house in our lane. On Monday the twenty-fifth of March, I had been in the shop; it just grew dark: I was gone into the parlour which is within the shop. On the counter there laid drawers with silk knee-garters open. We heard a noise. Mrs. Routh got up, and said a drawer was gone. I got up and looked, and found two were gone. They contained silk knee-garters. I ran out, but could see nothing. I went and put it into the advertiser, and Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             printed hand-bills. When I went again, I found the prisoner in the possession of Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's people.


                  William
                   Homan
               



            . I live at the upper end of Bunhill-row, and work in Petticoat-lane. On the twenty-fifth of March, I left my work a few minutes after seven. Going home, I saw Levi and another man walking together: I saw one of them walk up to the window; and, looking through the glass, he left the window and went into the shop. I saw the other man stand as if he was holding the door open. I walked on till I came to Stony-lane. About twenty yards off, I saw Levi receive one drawer covered with paper, the other man took another drawer. Levi ran down the lane, the young man that was with him came up towards me; the other two that were with them walked soberly on. I saw Levi receive the first drawer. When I saw the other two follow Levi, I turned about, and was going home: A man came by me in a great hurry, and asked a gentleman if he had seen any body with some drawers; I said, Yes, master; one is gone up this lane, another down. I went home. I did not hear the gentleman say he was robbed. The next morning, when I went to work, I told my master I saw a man take some drawers out of the prosecutor's shop. My master said he was robbed of an hundred pounds worth of goods. I told him I knew the man. I had taken off a lock to mend for him, in Marlborough-court. My master took me over to Mr. Routh. I went to a public house that same day, with one Brabroke and some more men, to the Red-lion: Levi came in. I said, That is the man; lay hold of him.
Q. Are you sure you saw a drawer, covered with paper, received by Levi?
Routh. Yes; I knew him very well. Sometimes he wore an apron like a porter; at other times he would have a bit of cane like a bailiff's follower.
Q. from the Prisoner. Why did you not stop me when the man came out of the shop? Why not stop me, or give notice?
Homan. Seeing the other parties go along so peaceably, I thought no harm had been done.
Q. from the Jury. Did you know the man that gave him these things?
Homan. I know the gang: there is a sad gang of them.
Q. Was the other man a Jew?
Homan. They are all four Jews; I have seen them many times.
Q. What house was they at?
Homan. A bad house; it has been indicted several times.

Q. Did you think the prisoner to be a dishonest person?
Homan. He slash'd away, and never seemed to do any thing for a living.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had carried a load that day, and strained my back. I went home to my lodgings; Mrs. Marks got something for my back; and never went out again that evening.
For the Prisoner.


                  Ann
                   Jones
               



            . I live in Gravel-lane, Petticoat-lane. I have known the prisoner three or four years.
Q. How does he get his living?
Jones. Portering. He lodges at one Mrs. Mark's, in Petticoat-lane, not far from where I live; that is, in Marlborough-court.
Q. Do you know where this man was the night the garters were stole?
Jones. At his lodgings. I nursed Mrs. Mark's child. I went there for money, about three in the afternoon, on Monday; next Monday come fortnight: I staid there till above a quarter after eight. I went home to put the child to bed.
Q. You went to Mrs. Mark's?
Jones. Yes.
Q. But he does not live with Mrs. Marks?
Jones. He was in her room.
Q. What time did he come in?
Jones. Between three and four. He said he had hurt his back by carrying a load. He laid down upon Mrs. Marks's bed. He desired her to buy some fish for supper. A woman who sells fish, and lives in the court, brought some. Mrs. Marks called the woman.
Q. What did they pay for it?
Jones. I cannot tell. I went home about a quarter after eight. He never went out of the room whilst I was there. He walked about, smoaking his pipe.
Q. Had you any liquor?
Jones. Only one pint of beer, which Mrs. Marks fetched. She gave me a shilling; she said she had no more. I went next morning to fetch a boiler I had lent her, then I heard the prisoner was taken up. I did not go before the justice.
Q. Do you know Bowman?
Jones. No.
Q. Was the room in which you found him, the room in which he lodged?
Jones. I can't say: I have seen him there when I have been for money.
Q. When did this happen?
Jones. A fortnight, next Monday.
Q. Are you sure of that?
Jones. Yes.
Q. Was it on Monday?
Jones. Yes.
Q. Last Monday?
Jones. No.
Q. Was it the Monday before last?
Jones. It is a fortnight next Monday. I was there on Monday, he was taken up next day.
Q. If it had happened on Lady-day, you would have known it?
Jones. It was not Lady-day. I think it is a fortnight ago, but cannot be sure.
Q. What was due to you when you received this shilling?
Jones. She pays me four shillings a week; there were fourteen shillings due then.


                  Henry
                   Simons
               



            . I have known the prisoner nine or ten years. He lodged with me about nine or ten years. He is an industrious man. He left my house about three or four months ago.
Q. Where do you live?
Simons. In Duke's place.
Q. Do you know where he went to live afterwards?
Simons. No.
Q. Do you know Mrs. Marks?
Simons. No.


                  Rachael
                   Jacobs
               



            . I have known him six or seven years; he bears an honest character; I have employed him to be a porter for me. I have lived in Haget's passage some years: he is an honest man.


                  Henry
                   Keys
               



            . I have known him two years; he always worked hard. I have seen him carry loads from Spital-fields market.


                  Catharine
                   Bakaruk
               



            . I have known him three or four years; I live in a gentleman's family; he has portered for my master; I never heard that he lost any thing by him.


                  Levi
                   Simons
               



            . I have known him seven or eight years; he was always a sober, honest young fellow.
Q. Do you know Mrs. Marks?
Simons. No.


                  Isaac
                   Abrahams
               



            . I have known him four or five years; he bears a good character. He worked for my master four or five years. My master has given him the key of the warehouse; he always behaved honestly.




               Guilty of stealing only
            , 


               T
            .
