





145. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing ten linen shirts, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Fletcher
                  




               
            , Feb. 16th
. ||
Merryman Fletcher. I am wife of 
               
                  Robert
                   Fletcher
               



            ; I take in washing; I hung out these shirts with others last Wednesday about half after eleven o'clock, in the yard to dry, it being very windy, I returned in about half an hour; then the shirts were gone; but in ten minutes the man and shirts were brought in.


                  Thomas
                   Parker
               



             the constable produces the shirts .


                  Martha
                   Field
               



            . I was a washing; I had been out in order to look and see that they were smooth; I came in again; I had not shut the door a minute before I heard the post break down and hit the back door; upon which a man ran out and went over the pails; one of the shirts hung on the pails, that I brought in, that would have made eleven; I called out and many people came.


                  Thomas
                   Ball
               



            . I was at Mr. Shutter's; I saw two men running a-cross the fields; I ran after them; the prisoner had a bundle, but before I came to him he threw it down; I took it up and took the prisoner, and brought it away I saw ten shirts told out of the bundle.


                  William
                   Boltster
               



             . I live next door; I was there when the robbery was committed; I heard the woman scream; immediately I saw two men running away, the prisoner was one of them; he was never out of my sight from that time till I saw him throw down the bundle; then I came up and brought the bundle back: there was ten shirts in it.
Prisoner's Defence.
There were more people running; the other man threw down the bundle, I picked it up.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
