





716. (M.) 
               
                  John
                   Tireman
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing fourteen silk handkerchiefs, value 20 s:
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Walker
                  




               
            , Oct. 3d
.
Jefferry Jenread. I am servant to Mr. Walker. The prisoner came to my master's, and bought some handkerchiefs; my master sent me with them, and a bill and receipt; the prisoner was to send the money back by me. The prisoner led me across a field, first to the Foundling Hospital; then he went to Bagnigge Wells; the prisoner staid half an hour there, playing at nine pins, I waited all the time with the handkerchiefs under my arm; the prisoner bid me go into the house and get some biscuits, and he said he would hold the bundle the while: I would not give it him: as I turned round from him, to fetch the biscuits, the prisoner snatched at the bundle; but I kept it fast; he kept me till almost dark; then the prisoner went across the fields towards Smithfield, as I understand; at last I got near some water works; the prisoner seemed surprized, and said he had lost his gloves, and he believed they were tied up in the top of the parcel; he opened it, but the gloves were not there; then he ran away with the parcel as fast as he could. I ran after him, but he out-ran me; so I lost him. I went home between seven and eight o'clock, and then I heard that the prisoner was in custody at Justice Lane's, and saw the prisoner and the handkerchiefs.


                  Joseph
                   Walker
               



            . The prisoner came to my shop; he first bargained for seven handkerchiefs, and I sent them by my boy along with him; he returned soon, and said he liked them so well he would have six more; so I wrapped up thirteen handkerchiefs and gave them to my lad to carry home; I gave him a bill and receipt, and ordered him to bring back the money; the prisoner said he lived but just by. About seven in the evening Mr. Bonner, a g in Oxford-road, sent for me, and informed me he had taken up a man for a fraud upon him, who he understood had robbed me, and that the man was before Justice Lane. I w Justice Lane, and there I found the prisoner had my handkerchiefs. The prisoner acknowledged that he took the handkerchiefs from the boy and that he did it in order to pay loan debts he owed, (the handkerchiefs produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
"The prisoner said in his defence, that the boy and he carried the handkerchiefs alternately; that the boy urged him to make haste, as it grow late; that he accordingly set up a run; that after he had run some way, he turned round to look for the boy, and had lost him. He called 
               
                  William
                   Hassell
               



            , 
               
                  Samuel
                   Mitchel
               



            , and - Tireman his uncle, who all gave him a good character."



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
