






302. (L.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      PROBAIT
                  



               
             the elder
, and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      PROBAIT
                  



               
             the younger
, were indicted for 


               stealing 6 pair of worsted stockings, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        Robert
                         Walker
                     



                  , privately and secretly in the shop of the said Robert
            , March 9th
. +


                     Robert
                      Walker
                  




               
            . I am a hosier
 on Snow-hill


. On the 9th of March last the father of the boy came into the shop, and asked to look at some black stockings; the boy was with him: he produced a bill of an advertizing hosier, and wanted to know if they could not be sold as cheap as that; at last he said he could not deal at all, he would talk to his wife and send her about it; just as he was saying this the little boy went out of the shop; I thought it a suspicious circumstance; I followed him to see if he had got any thing; at the next door I overtook him, and found this large bundle of stockings tucked under his coat, and he was going away; I brought him home; he began crying and begged forgiveness; I charged the father as thinking him accessary with the son; I took them before a Justice, and they were carried before an Alderman; they said little in their own excuse there.
The Father's defence.
I was going to Newgate-Market; I went up Snow-hill; I live just by; I went into the shop thinking to buy a pair or two of stockings; this gentleman shewed me a pair or two behind the counter; I never moved from the place; the child went in along with me; I asked him the price; he said four shillings, I said I believed I could buy them cheaper; my eyes were but indifferent; I said I would leave it till the afternoon; I was going to market to buy something for dinner, and would be back in an hour's time; the prosecutor went from behind the counter; there was nobody else in the shop, and left me for about a minute or two; he came back again and brought this poor unfortunate child of mine with a bundle he had under his arm; he was not gone a minute; he came in crying; I said what is the matter? the gentleman said he had got a bundle of stockings; the child is but eleven years old.
The Boy's defence.
I took them out of the shop; I did not think they were stockings; I thought they were not worth much; I thought them two or three bits of paper; I was making a lottery, and as I had no money to buy paper I thought to take them home to make up my lottery among my playfellows.
For the prisoners.


                  William
                   Eastwood
               



            . I have known the father six years; he is in the brokering way; he lets public houses anywhere, where he can let them.


                  Thomas
                   Regis
               



            . I am a water gilder by trade; I have known the father twelve or fourteen years; I never heard any thing but that he was an honest man.
Q. What employment have you known him in?
Regis. The brokering business
.
Both 


               guilty of stealing to the value of 10 d.
            

The father 


               Transported
            , The child





               Whipped
            .
