






264. (M) 
               
                  
                     CHARLES
                      COOPER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden box, value one shilling, five linen aprons, value five shillings, two pair of silk stockings, value one shillings, six pair of cotton stockings, value four shillings, a pair of trebble linen ruffles, value five shillings, a linen handkerchief, value one shilling, an iron tobacco box, value six-pence, a silver hat pin, value one shilling a pair of steel scissars with silver bows, value two shillings, and sixty copper halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Edmonds
                  




               
            , February 23
. ++


                  John
                   Edmonds
               



            . I live in Petty France


 Westminster. On the 23d of February, between seven and eight in the evening, there was an alarm of fire, and my house was in danger. I took my writings and carried to a neighbour's. I returned in about five minutes and found about a dozen soldiers in my house: they assisted me to carry off my goods, some to one place and some to another. The next day, the prisoner, who is a drummer
, came and demanded payment for removing the goods: my wife charged him with taking a box out of a particular room, and asked him what he had done with it; he said, he had took it into Pye Street for safety.
Mrs. Edmonds. That box was kept in a closet. I remember seeing the prisoner take it away; I told my husband that the prisoner had taken this box: he charged a constable with him: we got a warrant, and searched the prisoner's lodging, in Rochester Row, Tottlefields; there I found a part of my property, (some of the things produced in court and deposed to) part of the box was found, and the prisoner confessed he had burned the other part. Rochester Row is about a quarter of a mile from Pye Street.
Prisoner's Defence.
I removed the goods to my wife's aunt's for safety, they were afterwards conveyed to my lodgings without my privity or knowledge by my wife.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
