





111. (L.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               ripping, cutting, and stealing 400 lb. weight of lead, value 40 s. the said lead being affixed to a certain dwelling house the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Peart
                        




, Feb. 11
. +


                  John
                   Peart
               



            . I live in Queen-street , Cheapside. On Friday the 11th of February some neighbours that live opposite an uninhabited house of mine in Thomas Apostle


, informed me they heard a noise in my house; I went directly to the house; there were some workmen repairing the next house; they said they had heard a noise there a day or two before; the padlock was gone off the door, and it appeared to be bolted on the inside. Having a scaffold up at the house , some of the workmen had entered by the garret window, and were then in search for the person; in a few minutes one of the men came down, and brought the prisoner from the top of the house. There was a great quantity of lead cut away, part of two stacks, the gutter and eve lead; the prisoner said he was standing on the threshold of the door, that two men came and said they had a job for him, and bid him wait there till they came back again ; there was nothing found upon him but the padlock and staple of the door.


                  Thomas
                   Stracy
               



            . I was working in the next house; my master discerned the leaden pipes were gone, and set me to watch; between five and six in the morning the prisoner came, went in, and bolted the door on the inside, that we could not follow, went up to the top of the adjoining house, and got in at the garret window; we searched the house, and at last found him in a cock lost; I searched him and found the padlock in his pocket. I found two pieces of lead in the kitchen, his tools and a bag. Before I went up into the garret I knocked two or three times at the door.


                  John
                   Rangle
               



            . I am a constable: I was sent for by Mr. Peart on Friday morning about half after eight, and Mr. Peart gave me charge of the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
As soon as I was taken, the constable took me before an Alderman, and on my examination the prosecutor said if I would confess the truth, he would not hurt me; accordingly we went out, and I confessed where the lead was sold, and what I got for it, and he said I should not be hurt.
Prosecutor. When he told his story relative to the two men at the door, I told him if he had any accomplices, and would discover them , I would be favourable to him .
For the Prisoner.


                  William
                   Croker
               



            . I have known the prisoner a twelvemonth; I never knew any harm of him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
