






27, 28. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      CLARKE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     DEBORAH
                      JONES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a canvas bag, value 1 d. and fifteen guineas, one half guinea, and three shillings, in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        William
                         Ramsay
                     



                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Greer
                     



, November 7
. *


                     William
                      Ramsay
                  




               
            . On the 17th of November, three weeks ago last Thursday, I came to town to take 46 l. for some flour; I took 30 l. in a draft, and the rest in cash, 16 l. 10 s. in gold and silver. Before I came to East Smithfield I saw somebody stand at a door; I asked if that was the right-road to Tower-Hill; the prisoners walked by me; they said that is the way; I followed them; instead of leading me into East Smithfield, they took me up another street out of the way; I believe they call it Red-cross-street, towards Ratcliffe-highway


, after I had got up about half way of the street, a door was opened; I do not know whether they took me by the coat, but they gave me a shove within the door; they never spoke a word to me, good, bad or indifferent; I said first this is not the way for Tower-hill sure; I thought it was a public house, and they might ask me for a pot of beer being a country fellow; before I had time to think of it one of them asked me if I would not h - p them; I said I was too old for h - p - g; then Clarke took hold of my breeches, shoved the other hand into my pocket and pulled out my my bag; I said, d - n you, you bitch, you have a mind to rob me. I catched at it; she threw it upon the floor, and said to the other, make off, make off you bitch! She catched me by my breast and strove to hold me while Jones made her escape; I pulled her up by main-strength and gave her a turn down. they made to the door before me. I catched Clarke before she was out of the door; the other got off. I sent for a constable and gave charge of Clarke: she endeavoured to pull me from the bed; she tore my breeches when Jones took up the money and made off. I catched 
               
                  Mary
                   Clarke
               



             as soon as she got out of the door; she hollowed for Deb to come to her assistance, and there was a mob round me presently.
Q. What time of night was this?
Ramsay. The clock had not struck six. Next day a little boy came by, and said, I know the other; we took the boy behind the coach to Sir John Fielding's, and there he described Jones to Mr. Phillips and another, and she was taken in two or three hours time: she was dressed in a man's coat.
Q. Can you swear positively these are the two women that pulled you into this house?
Ramsay. Yes.
Q. Did you ever get the money again?
Ramsay. No, not a farthing.
Q. from Clarke. Did not you drag me into an alehouse?
Ramsay. Yes, after you had picked my pocket.
Q. from Clarke. Was not you so drunk that you could not stand?
Ramsay. No, the witnesses will prove that.


                  Philip
                   Signal
               



            . I am thirteen years old.
Q. Do you know the nature of an oath?
Signal. Yes, if I tell a lye I shall go to hell, if I tell the truth to heaven.
Court. Swear him (he is sworn.)
Signal. I was coming past to go to work, 
               
                  Deb
                   Jones
               



             came out, and as 
               
                  Poll
                   Clark
               



             was coming out, this man (the prosecutor) catched hold of her, and held her fast; she called Deb, Deb, come and help me; Deb could not pull her away; Deb run away; there was a lamp there; I looked stedfast in her face; I have seen her a great many times before.
Q. Are you sure she is the person?
Signal. Yes, I saw the farmer
 take hold of her; he called out, you have robbed me! he called out, watch! watch! come and help me! there was no watch set yet; it was but six o'clock.
Q. What house did they come out of?
Signal. One Greer's house.
Q. Is it a public house, or a private house?
Signal. A private house.
Q. What is Greer?
Signal. He was in gaol over the water at that time.
Q. Who lived in it?
Signal. Greer's wife, and she kept some women there.
Q. Do you know whether these two women lived in that house?
Signal. No, they did not.


                  William
                   Thatcher
               



            . I know the farmer received the money, and he was not in liquor no further than just a little merry; we had two or three bowls of punch together.
Q. How much had he received?
Signal. 46 l. 10 s. fifteen guineas and a half, and some silver, and a 30 l. note.


                  William
                   Knox
               



            . On the 17th of last month I was at home in my own house; one of my lodgers came in, and said a farmer was robbed in Red-cross-street, and asked me to endeavour to take up the thieves: I was told the farmer had got one at the Cock and Cross; I went there and saw the farmer holding Clark; I searched her as far as was decent; I found nothing upon her.


                  Percival
                   Phillips
               



            . I was at Sir John's when the farmer came there; he complained he had been robbed; I went down to Salt Petre Bank; I could not find her; I waited for her in the dusk of the evening; she came out with a man's coat on her back; with her own clothes under it; I was informed she had given some money that day to bury 
               
                  Charles
                   Earle
               



            . * Clark wanted to be admitted an evidence by Sir John.
* See the trial of 
               
                  Charles
                   Earle
               



            , No. 715, last sessions.
Court. Who proves it the dwelling house of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Greer
               



            ?
Constable. He did live there, but is in gaol; his wife has not been to be found a good while.
Clarke's Defence.
He searched me; I had no money about me; I was not in his company; he took me up in the street; he was so drunk he could not stand: I did not rob him.
Jones's Defence.
I know nothing of it; I was not with him.
Both 


               guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            . 



               T
            .
