






38, 39. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      STEVENS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      QUIN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing 76 pair of pattens, value, 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Hayter
                  




               
            , Nov. 22
. +


                  John
                   Hayter
               



            . I am a shoemaker
 in King's-street. Westminster


. I lost about a month or six weeks ago, a great quantity of pattens. I keep a warehouse where there are 1500 dozen perhaps in a room. I missed about six dozen pattens from my warehouse, directly opposite my house. I had seen them on Sunday morning, and then locked the room door myself. It appeared to me to have been opened by force; it is a sort of a box-lock; it appeared to have been opened; about Tuesday se'nnight following I heard these pattens were at Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's; I went there and saw them. (The pattens produced.) I can swear they are part of my own manufactory.
Cross Examination.
Q. You deal largely, and must have sold great numbers of these pattens?
Hayter. I deal wholesale; I sell great numbers; I may have sold a 100 dozen in a short space of time, but I never sold fifty dozen to one person.


                  John
                   Ellingham
               



            . On Sunday the 26th of October, I was at the Horn; I saw the two prisoners together at the same place; they asked me if I would buy a cloak; I said, let me see it. I had not money enough to buy it; they asked me then if I would buy any pattens; I asked how many; they said five dozen, or thereabouts; I said I would not buy them till I saw them; I asked them then where I should meet them the next day; they fixed the Swan in Long-acre; in the meantime, being suspicious of these people, I gave notice of them to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            ; upon that I was ordered by Sir John to meet them. I met them on Monday night at the place appointed, and there I bought the cloak on purpose that they might tell me where the pattens were; for they said I could not see the pattens then, not till next night, only six pair at Mr. Miller's, a carpenter, in Rose-street; accordingly on the Tuesday I met them again at the Swan, and from thence, having spoke to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's men to watch where I went, I went with the prisoner to some court in the Old Bailey, I do not know the name of it; there they showed me two bags filled with four or five dozen of pattens. Stevens was gone on a message for Quin; Mr. Bond came and took Quin in the house, and Stevens was taken by Clarke afterwards in the court. Quin on Tuesday said he had these pattens from an oil-shop in Westminster.
Q. Did they say they had advertised these pattens?
Eillingham. No, they did not say any such thing.

Clark. I went into the court; I saw Stevens. I asked him if the court was a thorough-fare; he said no; I took him; I found the two bags of pattens; the six pair had been in my custody.


                  Nicholas
                   Bond
               



            . I had the two bags in the Old Bailey; these pattens are the same; they have been in my custody ever since.
Steven's Defence.
On Monday evening, a week before these goods were offered to sale, we picked them up in St. George's-fields, between the pillar and the King's-bench prison.
For the prisoners.


                  Charles
                   Talbot
               



            . I saw two men pick up some pattens in the road. I was challenged by Quin when in Tottlefield's prison about a month ago: I went to pay a visit at the prison to some friend about a man that assaulted his wife; this man challenged me about the pattens; I should have picked them up if they had not; when I saw them pick them up, I said you have got a prize; one of them swore by God, it is pattens; it was the beginning of the week, seven weeks ago, it was between dark and light; he told me he was charged with stealing these pattens; they laid about a yard or four feet from the foot-path; they were coming towards me about fifty yards off when I first saw them; the pattens were lying between us; they were nearer them by ten yards. I trade to sea; I live in George-yard, White-chapel. I expect to go out again when a ship returns.


                  John
                   Wright
               



            . I am master to Quin. I am a watch-maker; Quin was my apprentice
; he was a faithful trusty servant; he behaved well better then a month ago; on the day before he was taken up he talked of having found some pattens.
Prosecutor. When I charged him with this offence, this man said he would give me a bond of 40 l. if I would not appear against him.
Wright. I did not say that; I said if the thing could be softened, provided he was guilty, if he would make it easy and not appear, his friends would make up to him the expence of his recognizance.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
