






525, 526. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      GREAR
                  



               
            , widow, and 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      SMITH
                  



               
            , spinster, were indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 21 s. a pair of silver knee buckles, value 2 s. a gold ring, value 5 s. a tobacco box, value 1 s. a silver watch, value 3 l. a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. a linen handkerchief, value 1 s. and 4 s. in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Ball
                     



                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Ann
                         Grear
                     



, July 19th
. +


                     Thomas
                      Ball
                  




               
            . I am a sea-faring man
. On the 19th of July I was robbed at the house of Mrs. Grear: two women picked me up in the street; I do not know who they were; they asked me to go home with them; I did; I lost a silver watch there, a gold ring from my finger, a pair of silver shoe buckles, about four shillings in silver, a tobacco box out of my pocket, and a black handkerchief off my neck. 
               
                  Mary
                   Smith
               



             came and waked me; I was pretty sober then; she said I had no business in her husband's bed and her's.
Q. Can you tell whether she is one of the women that came in with you?
Ball. No, I cannot; she desired a woman that was in the house to call her husband from the public house.
Q. Was there a woman a bed with you?
Ball. No, none when she came to wake me; I got out of bed and immediately missed my things, first my knee buckles, then the rest; I said I would not go till I had my things; the while I was looking about for a stick or something to defend myself if the man came, 
               
                  Mary
                   Smith
               



             slipped out of doors, but I saw where she ran to: I stood at the door, and called the watchman; he fetched the constable; we searched about; we knocked at the door; they said they would not open the door; the constable broke it open; there were four women lay naked on the bottom of the floor; Smith had Mrs. Grear's hat and cloak on; Grear had her clothes on; Smith was fitting up in one corner; while I was lifting her up the watchman saw one of my buckles by where she sat; he took it up; he looked further and found a bit of an old silk handkerchief; there was my watch and other buckle in it; the tobacco box was I believe found in the same basket; I saw 
               
                  Ann
                   Grear
               



             in the room that night; I saw her stand just at the door; I am sure she was in the room when I first went to bed.
Q. Are you sure Smith waked you?
Ball. Yes. (The watch produced by Hughes, the constable, and deposed to by the prosecutor).


                  John
                   Hughes
               



            . I saw the buckle taken up; it might be within half a yard of Smith; she stood partly over it when she got up.


                  Frederick
                   Puckeridge
               



            . Between Sunday night and Monday morning one of the watchmen came up; they made their escape into a little court; the officer insisted on having the door opened; they would not, so he broke it open; Grear and Smith seemed to be very much confused; they were dressed; there were three young women lay quite naked on the floor as ever they were born; Smith seemed to make a sham sleep, lying upon the basket of broken bottles; when she got up I saw the buckles; I saw a little bit of an old handkerchief in a basket of old bottles, and there I found the watch; looking further I found a shoe and knee buckle and the tobacco box; we took them all five to the Justice's; the prosecutor fixed upon 
               
                  Ann
                   Grear
               



             in the room, and before the Justice, and said 
               
                  Ann
                   Smith
               



             was the person that ordered him out of bed.
Grear's Defence.
I was only in the neighbour's house; I was very ill; I asked this young woman to get me a pint of beer, she went; then some men came and took five of us out of the house.
Smith's Defence.
I went out to fetch a pint of beer; the man came into the house and took five of us to the watch-house.

Q. to the prosecutor. How came you to say it was Grear's house?
Prosecutor. The people informed me she rented the house.
Q. to Puckeridge. Where does Grear live?
Puckeridge. In Swan-alley, East Smithfield.
Q. Did you go with Ball to the house?
Puckeridge. Yes.
Q. Whose house is that?
Puckeridge. It is Grear's house.
Both 


               guilty 39 s.
            




               T
            .
