






773, 774. (M.) 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      HAWKINS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      TURNER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing three guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Devonshire
                  




               
            , Sept. 22d
. *


                  William
                   Devonshire
               



            . I live at Cobham; I am a coachman
. Upon the 22d of September, about nine at night, I was picked up in Whitechapel by two women; one was the prisoner Turner. We went to Mrs. Kelly's, who lives in a place called Irish Court, Whitechapel


: they asked me to give them something to drink. I gave them a shilling's worth of rasbery. There were no chairs in the room, so I sat down upon the bed with the two women: while I was upon the bed with them in this manner, Turner picked my pocket of three guineas, which were loose in my pocket. I felt her while she was about it, and immediately missed the money. I was perfectly sober; I insisted upon having my money again. The women and I had a great struggle; I kept hold of them, and would not let them go; upon which they called out for assistance: then two lusty women came up, and soon after came up the prisoner Hawkins; Hawkins swore a great oath at me, and asked me what business I had with his wife, and struck me a violent blow; this was about five minutes after the woman came up. When my pocket was first picked, they put out the candle, and then Hawkins ran off, and they all left the room, and I went down stairs but could find nobody. I was resolved to know the house again, therefore I unscrewed the knocker, and laid it down at the door, that I might know the house again. I went away to the constable, and he took his lanthorn with him, and came to the house with me that had the knocker unscrewed, and laying down at the bottom of the door; by that means I found out the house, and he took all the people that were there, into custody.
Ann Hall. I am one of the woman that were in company with the prosecutor; Turner and I were in Whitechapel together; we went with the prosecutor to Irish-court; we sat upon the bed for want of chairs; while we were there, the prisoner Turner picked the the prosecutor's pocket of some money, as he said, three guineas; he immediately perceived her, and stopped her and me, upon which Turner called for assistance, and then two women came up, and Hawkins immediately after; Hawkins said, what business have you with my wife.
Q. Did this woman pass for his wife?
Hall. No, only he chose to call her so at that particular time. When I went down, I saw Turner give Mrs. Kelly three guineas, and said, here is all I have got, and all I have; Hawkins immediately went off.


                  Edward
                   Rayner
               



            . I am headborough of Whitechapel. Upon the 22d of September, the prosecutor came to my house, and said, he had been robbed; I perceived he had had a violent blow upon his forehead. Kelly's is a notorious house in that neighbourhood; he told me the same story he has told now; I know Hawkins pretty well; he had the reputation of being a person concerned in that house, a kind of bully; he had been in my house just before this accident happened; he was called out from my house in a hurry; I went to the house, and took up all the people I found there; but the prosecutor said, none of the women I found there were concerned in robbing him; but as soon as I found Turner, he has the reputation of being concerned in this house; when at this house in the morning I wanted to take up another, and said, he hoped I would be favourable to him: I said, I had nothing to do to be favourable to one or another, it was my business to execute my duty; he took out a guinea, and said, he had that guinea only, and he would make up another guinea.
Hawkins's Defence.
I know nothing of this matter. Hearing a noise, being in the house, I went up to see what was the matter; the candle was blown out. I am innocent of the business.
Turner's Defence.
I was not in the room.
Hawkins called several witnesses who gave him a good character.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


