





317. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      CAYTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Kevenhuller
                            Skinner
                        




                     
                  , on the 9th of February
, about the hour of six in the night, and stealing one gold ring, value 4 s.
             the property of the said Kevenhuller in his dwelling house. ++
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  Kevenhuller
                   Skinner
               



            . I live at the corner of Bedford Berry in Wood-street


: I keep a goldsmiths shop
. About six in the evening, on Tuesday the 9th of this month, I was in the parlour adjoining to the shop, nailing some list round the door; I came into the shop and saw the prisoner taking some rings out of the window, and giving them to an accomplice that was stooping down beside him: the shew glass is a part of the window within the walls of the house.
Q. When the shop is shut is it within or without the shutters?
Skinner. It is within the shutters. I had no time to hesitate; I ran out and caught the prisoner by the collar; there was nobody passing; I dragged him to the other side of the way, in hopes I might meet with somebody in the public house to assist me; I got him to the door; I had him by the collar with one hand; he struck at me, and said, D - n your eyes what do you mean by laying hold of me, and got away; what he had in his hand he threw away after he had got from me; I pursued him through the court; he lost his hat, and there I lost him. I came back and my wife found the ring in the street, in the very place I described he had dropt it in.
Q. How did he get his hand into the shew glass, was the glass broke?
Skinner. Yes; by whom I am not certain; it was not broke before.
Q. How far from the door did he throw away the ring?
Skinner. It might be within three yards from the door.
Q. from the Prisoner. He said before Sir John he had my hat.
Skinner. I said so; I have it now; the hat that dropped from his head.
Mrs. Skinner. I am the wife of the former witness: my husband was lifting the door; he went into the shop; I heard a bustle; I went to the door and saw my husband and the prisoner at the alehouse door; he got away and my husband pursued him and took him. My husband told me the ring was dropt, and I took a candle and found it.
Q. Where did you find the ring?
Skinner. In the street, about a couple of yards from the door. (The ring produced and deposed to).

Prisoner's Defence.
When before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             she swere to the person's having a brown coat; I had this jacket on. As I was coming along (I had been in the city, at the India-house) I stopt at a door in Wood-street; there was a mob, and this gentleman came up to me and laid hold of me, and he and six men dragged me up to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, who sent me to Tothil-fields Bridewell, a place I never was in before, and they wanted to bring in a man to swear against me; God knows who he is, but he said he could not. My Lord, I think it is a hard thing for any man to swear to a single gold ring; there are many wire rings alike.
Q. from the Jury to the Prosecutor. How many rings did you lose that night?
Skinner. Three or four I believe; I cannot say.




               Guilty of stealing the ring, but not of the burglary
            . 


               T
            .
