





577. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      May
                  , otherwise 
Emanuel Wills




            , was indicted for 


               stealing 1000 yards of silk ribbon, value 20 l. 10 pair of metal shoe buckles, value 10 s. 100 yards of thread lace, value 5 l. and six silk handkerchiefs, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Groome
                  




               
            , Aug. 27
. ++


                  Richard
                   Groome
               



            . I live in Oxford Road; I saw the prisoner at Chapham Fair, the 26th of August; on the 27th I locked my goods up and left them at the Cock; between four and five o'clock the next morning somebody knocked us up, and asked if I had not goods in the warehouse; we told them yes; I missed my box, it was found on the common beat to pieces, all the goods were emptied out; I lost 100 l. worth, all I had in the world; the prisoner was missed at the same time; we found him at the Swan at Stockwell, the night the goods were missing.


                  Richard
                   Smith
               



            . Mr. Croker came to me and said, there was a man in High-street, selling a great quantity of goods, at half their worth, at Mile-end, New-town; I went there, he had done selling and gone into a public house, the sign, I think, of Judge Wilmot's head. Seeing a great quantity of goods close by him, on the table, I asked him how he came by them; he said he brought them from Manchester, and dealt that way; I took him before the justice, he told the justice the same, but would not tell his name; there were several bills of parcels, and the like, in the trunk, and a travelling licence; I went to some shopkeeper and found they belonged to some persons that attended the fairs; Clapham fair was that day; I went there and found out the prosecutor; these are the goods I took from the prisoner; they were sealed up before the justice; (the goods are opened.)
Prosecutor. These are all mine, and here is a ticket the buckles were taken off from; that I marked myself.
- Langsdon. I am a victualler; I keep the sign of the Black Bull, Montague-street, White-chapel; the prisoner came to my house on the 27th of August, and called for a pint of beer; he said he had been to sea, and took wages to the amount of 30 or 40 l. and had been down to Coventry, and bought 30 l. worth of lace and ribbons, and what not; which he had with him, in a check apron, and a kind of box, or trunck; then he said I have had very bad success, and have spent a great deal of money; my bitch of a wife that I have with me got drunk; and went to fighting in the fair with me; so I was obliged to get up my goods in a rough form; I asked him where his wife was; he said she was gone to Shadwell, or Wapping; he asked for a couple of boxes or trunks, we found him two he said, he had broke his yard stick; my wife bought of him a yard and a half of linen, and I bought a pair of stockings, a handkerchief, and a pair of child's clasps; he said he would go and lodge at an acquaintance's in Well-street, Mile-end New Town; he got a porter, and took the things away; these are what I bought of him (producing them.)

Prosecutor. These clasps and the card of lace have my own mark on them.


                  Matthew
                   Croker
               



            . I saw the prisoner in High-street, Coverley's-fields, with a great many people about him; I thought when I saw the bag of goods that they were stolen; a friend advised me to apprehend him; I did so, he had almost all sorts of goods; he was searched, in his pocket was found a bill of parcels of Mr. Groomes, it was from Messrs. Clarke and Co. I know the parties, it was dated the 6th, and this was the seventh.
Prisoner's Defence.
I met some men on the common with these goods, they told me they would give me a crown to carry them.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
