





585. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      DAVIDSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one tambour waistcoat, value 4 l. a corded silk waistcoat trimmed with silver lace, value 3 l. a cloth coat, value 3 l. a pair of linen sheets, value 12 s. six large prints framed and glazed, value 4 l. six mahogany chairs horse hair bottoms, value 6 l. two mahogany elbow chairs horse hair bottoms, value 3 l. Wilton carpet, value 40 s. two looking glasses in gilt frames, value 40 s. three mahogany tables, value 3 l. a mahogany night stool, value 20 s. two blankets, value 12 s. a cotton counterpane, value 6 s. six china cups, value 6 s. six china saucers, value 3 s. a man's silver laced hat, value 12 s. and a silver hilted sword, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        Richard
                         James
                     



                  , Esq; in his dwelling house
            , June 12th
.


                     Richard
                      James
                  




               
            , Esq
. My chambers are at No. 1, Hatton-court


: I lost the things mentioned in the indictment in my absence; I was out of town from March to June; the prisoner is a peruke-maker
; he came to my laundress and demanded the key of my chambers. I believe they were taken at sundry times.


                  Sarah
                   Couzins
               



            . I am laundress to Mr. James: the prisoner came to me for the key under pretence that measure was to be taken for a wig; he had the key several times.
Mr. James. I had given directions that he might have the key.
Couzins. I am positive the furniture was in the chambers when I delivered him the key; about three weeks after he delivered back the key I went to the chambers but could not open the door to get in; when I got into the chambers I found all the things missing; I found no marks of violence or any hurt done to the lock, or any mark of the door being wrenched off in any way.


                  John
                   Couzins
               



            . I am the husband of the last witness: this letter (producing it) was directed to me to find several things that were pawned; I found the green coat and the prints that were pawned in consequence of it. I have a letter under the prisoner's own hand, in which he gives a list of several things the property of Mr. James, and which were directed to be pawned.


                  Hugh
                   Davidson
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Fleet-street; the green coat and prints were pawned with me by the prisoner; he called himself 
               
                  Richard
                   Jones
               



             at that time; he said the prints cost him a considerable sum.
Mr. James. I am sure the prints are mine; the frame is of a particular kind made by special directions from me; the coat is likewise my property.
- Wright. I am a broker: the prisoner came to me to know if I would buy any furniture; I said I would if it would answer: the prisoner was dressed like a gentleman, in a green coat, and called himself James; he carried me to the chambers; there was James over the door; he shewed me a card table, and another table, and I bought them. After this he came to me another time in the same dress, and offered to sell a chimney glass, a carpet, and a mahogany table; I bought these things of him in the chambers of Mr. James.
Prisoner's Defence.
A man that I know that lately came out of Wales desired me to assist him in disposing of these things.
The prisoner called three or four witnesses who gave him a good character.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
