





51. (M.) 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY
                      O'CONNOR 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 3 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Tomlin
                  




               
            , Dec. 7
. +.


                  John
                   Tomlin
               



            . I keep the Granby's head, at Knight's bridge




. The prisoner and another came to my house this day sevennight, about ten at night; after they had drank something, they wanted change for a 5 s. and 3 d. I weighed it, and thought it not good; I did not change it; they drank their liquor, and went away, but left a small bundle behind them; they returned for it in about half an hour, and then the prisoner ordered a pint of beer; he desired me to give him a half crown piece for 2 s. and 6 d. he pretended he had wrote a letter to his sister, in which he had informed her he had inclosed a half crown piece; I took out a handful of silver, looked it over, and found I had no half crown; then he desired to have a Queen-Ann's shilling or two; I drew my money over my hand to see if I had any of that coin; the prisoner put three fingers and his thumb among the money, and said I think that further one is a Queen-Ann's shilling; he took seven or eight shillings in his hand; he turned them over, and said there is no Queen-Ann's shilling here, and returned 4 s. into my hand; I was confident he kept back some; I was determined to detect him; I thought if I did not mention any thing he might make another dip: I observed him put his hand to his pocket; I 
               
                  drew
               


             the money over my hand again, and separated 6 s. which I put towards the tip of my finger: the prisoner said sure there must be one Queen-Ann's shilling among all this number; he took the six up and looked them over and said no, there is none, and he threw back 3 s. then he gave me 6 d. and seemed to be in a hurry, I told him I was in no hurry; I desired to see what he had in his hand; he opened his hand, and under his thumb I found 3 s. the lad that came with him stood by, with a canvas bag in his hand; in the hurry he got away; I took the prisoner into a parlour; he said he would return my money if I would let him go; he said he had never been guilty of it before; that the other had learnt him the trick that night.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took none of his money; I was rather in liquor.
He called two witnesses who gave him a very good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
