





777. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ANDREW
                      BLAIR
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth great coat, value forty shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Orby Hunter
                  




               
            , Esq
: October 14th
. ++


                  William
                   Elwood
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. Hunter. Upon the fourteenth of October I lost my coat from the coach-box, or out of the stable, I cannot say which. The coach stood in the coach-house. I heard of the prisoner being taken with it, before I missed it. I saw the prisoner and the coat at the Rotation-office. I saw the coat after three in the afternoon; the prisoner was taken with it before eight.
The coat was produced in court, and deposed to by Elwood.


                  Charles
                   Aldus
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner brought this coat to our shop on the fourth of October, to pawn. He had it on. I suspected it could not be his own, because he had no waistcoat on. I asked, how he came by it: he said, he bought it at Mitcham, in Surry, for two guineas and a half. Not being satisfied with this account, I took him to the Rotation-office, before the justices; he said, he took it off a coach-box, and described where, in consequence of which Elwood was sent for.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was going down Green-street, I saw this coat lying on the ground; I took it to the pawnbrokers, and he took me before the justices: they asked me, where I got it: I told them I found it on the side of the street: they sent a man to enquire if they could find any body to own it, and they brought this man.
Elwood. He confessed before the justices that he took it from the coach-box.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


