





342. (M) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      SAUNDERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Pallett
                        




                     
                   on the 9th of March
, about the hour of two in the afternoon, (no person being therein) and stealing a watch, the inside case made of silver, and the outside case covered with shagreen, value twenty shillings, a pair of silver shoe buckles, value five shillings, a silk handkerchief, value one shilling, and a half guinea, the property of the said William, in his dwelling house
            . ++


                  William
                   Pallett
               



            . I am a labouring man
. I live at Tottenham


: I left my house about seven in the morning of the 9th of March, to go to London. I did not return till five; I left my wife in the house; when I returned I missed the things, which I saw safe when I went out. I came with 
               
                  Patrick
                   Connuck
               



             to Smithfield, he told me, he had met the prisoner. Soon after that we both met him, we seized him. At first he said, he had not taken the things; at last, without any promises made to induce him to confess, he said, he had took the things, and named 
               
                  Charles
                   Martyr
               



            , a pawnbroker; we went there, there we found the watch.


                  Patrick
                   Connuck
               



             confirmed the prosecutor's evidence.


                  Charles
                   Martyrs
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I received this watch of the prisoner, (producing it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not go into the house.




               Not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house, but guilty of stealing the goods to the value of ten-pence
            .




               T
            

