





546. (2d. M) 
               
                  
                     WALTER
                      GIBBONS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value, three pounds, two guineas and a half guinea in money
            , numbered the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Grabham
                  




               
            , June 6th
. ||


                  John
                   Grabham
               



            . I am a country fellow, upon the 6th of June, I was enquiring for a place about the Minories; a man, whose name is M'Oris, came to me, and told me, if I would go with him into a public house in Queen-street


, he would help me to a place; I went with him, after being there a little while, Gibbons came in and M'Oris, and he began talking together; M'Oris said, he hoped he would give him something for the abuse last night, and he threw down half a guinea. We then went to the Hoop and Horse Shoe, and there they began to play at shaking a halfpenny, and putting it under the candlestick; then M'Oris said, he hoped Gibbons would do by him, as he did by the gentleman the night before; that was, give him a shilling for every guinea he could show; then M'Oris pulled out two guineas and an half, and he gave him two shillings; then M'Oris said, Gibbons was a captain, and he gave countrymen a shilling for every guinea they could shew. I then pulled out two guineas and an half, and he was to give me half a crown, when the landlord came in; then they invited me to play with them, I told them, I did not choose to play at all; they played again, and M'Oris said to me, let me have your money; no, I said, I did not chuse that at all; upon that, he took hold of my left hand, and took the money out of my hand; he held the money in his hand, and shewed it to Gibbons, and said, see this young man has two guineas and a half, I hope you will do by him as you did by me; one of them asked me what o'clock it was, I pulled out my watch to see, and put it in again? as soon as I had put it in, M'Oris took hold of the chain and pulled it out, and said, it was a good watch, and threw the watch and money into Gibbons's hat; then they walked together up and down the room with the money and watch; I said, they had taken my money and watch, and I did not chuse to loose it in that manner; then M'Oris bid me come to the door; when we came to the door, there was the landlord and a constable waiting to take them for swindling somebody else. I told the landlord they had taken my watch and money. Gibbons was taken, but M'Oris got off. When Gibbons was taken to the watch-house, he dropped a parcel of counterfeit guineas in the coal tub, I never saw my money nor watch after they walked up and down the room, together with it. On Friday following, as I was going to work at the cooper's in Barnaby-street, about five o'clock in the morning, three fellows overtook me on London bridge, and asked me if my name was not so and so, and if I had not lost my watch; I said, yes; they said, if I would go with them they would let me have my watch again; I told them, I did not chuse to go with them; they said, it was but a little way, and if I would release Gibbons out of prison, I should have my watch and money again. I then observed the chain, seals and key of my watch, hang out of one of their pockets; the key is a very remarkable one; it being very early in the morning, I was afraid to attempt to stop them, lest they should knock my brains out, or use me ill.
Q. from the prisoner. He swore to an innocent man before Justice Sherwood.
Grabham. I took up a man who I thought to be the other man, and swore to the best of my knowledge he was one of them; and to the best of my knowledge h e is; I know the prisoner is one of the men, he never departed the room till he was taken.


                  Morris
                   Linnakan
               



            . I keep the Hoop and Horse Shoe, Tower-hill. On the 6th of June, the prisoner and M'Oris came to my house; I have often seen them there; I suspected them to be sharpers; I got a constable to take them up, when they came out. M'Oris made his escape; we took Gibbons, and carried him to the watch-house; he was not searched in my house, but when we came to the watch-house, he dropped a purse of counters into the coal basket, and he was searched, and a draught found upon him.


                  Edward
                   Hutchinson
               



            . I am a constable, upon the 6th of June, towards the evening, Mr. Linnakan, the publican, came for me; I went to his house, he said, there was a young man he believed had been robbed; we staid at the door to take the men as they came out, but one of them got away; we took the prisoner to the watch-house, there he dropped a purse of counterfeit guineas, and before the justice, there was a draught upon a person in Fleet-street, found upon him; we went to enquire for the person but there was no such person to be found.


                  Jacob
                   Cockin
               



            . I was in the watch-house; I saw the prisoner drop something; I got a candle, and in the coal basket found a purse of counterfeit guineas.
The counterfeits and the draught were produced in court.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went into the public house accidentally; I saw the prosecutor and M'Oris there; they asked me to play; M'Oris is took the money from the prosecutor; I myself was a little in liquor, I went into the yard, when I came back M'Oris was gone; they searched me in the public house, and found nothing upon me. The prosecutor took up another person a day or two after, and swore positively he was the man that took the money from him.
For the Prisoner


                  Benjamin
                   Dobsey
               



            . I know nothing of the prisoner, the prosecutor took me up for another person, who was concerned with the prisoner, and swore positively that I was the person that defrauded him of his watch and money.
Prisoner. The prosecutor called on me one Sunday in prison, and told me, the man that had run away with the property, had sent a friend to offer him the watch and money, not to pursue the prosecution; he said, he was afraid to do that, because of his recognizance; but if I would send the watch and money to him, he would not appear against me; I will call a person to prove that.
- Roberts. Last Sunday was week, I went down to Clerkenwell Bridewell, while I was there, the prosecutor came in and enquired for the prisoner, he came down the yard, and the prosecutor said, well Mr. Gibbons, how do you like this; he said, not at all; the prosecutor said, well, if you will, tell me where the man is, that has got my watch and money, I will endeavour to get you out, and if you will give me my watch and money, I will not appear against you; he said, he should not be hurt, if he could help it, but that he could not do any thing without consulting his friends; he said, he did not think he took it, but he believed he knew where the man was, that did take it.
Q. What are you?
Roberts. I am a labourer, I live in Vine-Street, Piccadilly.
Prosecutor. Every word this man has said, is totally false, I never said he was not the person that took the money; I had occasion to go to Clerkenwell, and called on Gibbons, and asked him, whether he liked being there better than swindling, and robbing people.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


