






533. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      ABBOT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. a silver watch chain, value 3 s. two stone seals set in base metal; value 6 d. one man's hat, value 16 s a linen waistcoat, value 3 s. a black silk neck-cloth, value 6 d. a pair of plated buckles, value 1 s. a pair of steel buckles plated with silver, value 6 d. a silk purse, value 2 d. and two guineas, half a guinea, and 3 s. and 6 d. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Ben.
                      Henry
                  




               
            , Aug. 3
. +
Benj. 
               
                  Henry
               


             I live in George Yard, Soho Square: on the 13th of August in the morning about one or two o'clock, I was coming along the street; I got in company with the prisoner and another; I went into a house with them in Westminster


; I pulled off my coat and waistcoat and lay down upon the bed and went to sleep immediately; they took away my effects; I had been drinking more than usual; when I awaked I missed all the things mentioned in the indictment; I am positive the prisoner is the woman that brought me into that room; and was present when I lay down.


                  James
                   Brown
               



            , a constable, produced a waistcoat.
Prosecutor. That is the waistcoat I had on.
Brown. About seven in the morning I was sent for; I came to the prosecutor; I first searched the room where they had been, but found nothing; they told me she was gone to No. 32; in a box in that room, among some rags, I found the waistcoat; the woman herself told me that was the man's waistcoat.


                  William
                   Smallshaw
               



            . 
               
                  James
                   Snipes
               



             brought me a black neckcloth and the buckles now produced; and pawned them in the name of one Nichols.


                  Eleanor
                   Nichols
               



            . I have known the prisoner a considerable time; about seven in the morning on the 13th of August the prisoner came to me; and desired me to get some money upon the neckcloth and buckles; I got Snipes to go; I saw him pay the prisoner 1 s. 6 d. he got upon the things.
Prisoner's Defence.
He went with us; he said he had got no money; he gave us the buckles, waistcoat, and neckcloth.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
