







186, 187, 188. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      MORGAN
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY
                      EDWARDS
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      FALMY
                  , otherwise 
FELMY, otherwise 
BLIND JACK the KIDNAPPER




            , were indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. and nineteen half-pence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Timothy
                      Mahoney
                  




               
            , December 26
. ||


                  Timothy
                   Mahoney
               



            . I am a cooper
. Last Thursday was fortnight I came to the Royal-Exchange to see for a captain of a ship, with whom I had some business. At about twelve o'clock the blind-eyed fellow picked me up, and called me by my name, talked about my relations, and asked me how they did. He asked me to go with him to take part of a pint of beer. I went with him to a house, one Williams's. Then I went to the Change. He said I must stay till two o'clock; he said I had time enough. I went with him to the Cock alehouse in Sherborn-lane; he called for a pint of beer. He said there was a captain of a ship used that house that had some butts to repair, and being a good hand, he would speak to him that I should have them. Soon after came in a young man with gold-trimmed cloaths, and a gold laced hat, with a young gentleman with him in genteel apparel. They went up stairs. This blind-eyed fellow said, that was the captain; and said he would go up to him, and speak to him. I said, I was much obliged to him. He went up after him; and in a short time after came down stairs, and said he had done it for me, and he bid me come up. I went up; there was he and this gentleman standing by a window, and this Edwards and Morgan there, and four more men. The captain said, how do you do, cooper? I made answer, I was very well.
Q. Which was the captain, either of the prisoners?
Mahoney. No; this man with gold-laced cloaths. He asked me, whether I would go on board to-morrow to repair his butts. I said, I would if he would pay me what he would pay any other man. He said he would. I said, the current price was ten-pence per butt for repairing them. He said I must go with him for five years. I said I had served seven years before, and would not bind myself to any man. He went down stairs, and wished me Good-bye, and the man that was with him. I wish you well, gentlemen, said I. I took my hat, and was going down after them. A man that was with these, came to the door, and said to me, hark ye, d - n ye, I will tell you what you will do. That was not one of these. I went up. There was a man behind the door; he put to the door, and put the key in his pocket. The prisoner was in the room at this time, and three more men, whom I do not know. Then this Morgan came up to me, and patted me on the shoulder, and said, I had been a deserter. I begged him to let me out. Then they all began to swear, and pull me about, and swore I was a deserter. I went, and said I would pull open the door, if they would not permit it to be opened. They beat me to that degree, I was hardly able to stir; and sat down very contented. Up comes a woman and a child; she pats at the door, and the door was opened, and in they both came; and the child came up, as I was sitting in the window, to me, and called me Dadda! The woman clapped her hands, and said, O you villain ! I have been hunting after you these three years! what a good father you are to my child ! - hitting me.
Court. What age might this child be, that was so well taught?
Mahoney. I took him to be between three and four years old. I watched my opportunity, and in a short time I lifted up the sash, and threw myself head-foremost out of the window. I was out all but my feet, when they hauled me in again, and they every one beat me very several, except the man that was the turnkey at the door; he had no hand in beating me; and they tore my cloaths; one got out his hand, and tore it with hauling me in again. This was between two and three o'clock in the afternoon. They beat me cruelly. I cried out, and the blind-eyed fellow clapped his thumb under my jaw, and swore all the oaths he could, that he would cut my tongue out, and make me stutter ten times worse if I cried out. * Edwards went out, and returned in a short time with a pair of handcuffs, and brought a coach to the door. He said he would iron me. I said I would not be ironed. I asked where they were going to send me. They said they would tell me by and by. I asked for pen, ink, and paper, to send to a friend. Edwards went down for pen and ink and paper. I wrote a note to a friend, and gave it to Morgan. Morgan said, you son of a whore, there are not compliments enough, and tore it to pieces. The blind-eyed fellow hit me with the right hand, and I staggered. Martin came to me, and pulled my feet from under me, and I fell on the flat of my back on the floor, and the blind-eyed fellow kneeled on the pit of my stomach, and Edwards came on the other side of me with the handcuffs. I resisted as long as I was able to stir: At last I was obliged to comply, and give them my hands. They handcuffed me. The irons were too small, and hurt me very much. This blind-eyed fellow put his hand into my right-hand breeches pocket, and took out nine-pence halfpenny in copper. He held the money in his hand, and Edwards asked him, what prey? He said, he is a poor dog. Then he put the money into his coat-pocket. I endeavoured to turn round to get up, and he came to me, and took a silk handkerchief out of my right-hand coat-pocket, and put it into his own pocket. When I got up, he took this clasp-knife (producing it) out of my left coat-pocket. Morgan and Edwards kept me down. Then they brought me down stairs to put me into the coach, and they told me, that if I attempted to cry out, they would cut my tongue out. Two went before me, and two behind me, with bludgeons in their hands. As I came out, the man of the house was coming up stairs. I had not seen him before. The blind-eyed fellow said, here is all I have, and gave him my knife. The man of the house said, I will take care of it for him till he comes home. I went down. As I was getting into the coach, I saw one Mr. Jenkins, a sail-maker, coming by, and three or four gentlemen more. I jumped out at the other side of the coach. They followed me, and beat me with their bludgeons. The gentlemen asked what was the matter: They said I was a highwayman and a deserter. Mr. Jenkins said, if I was the devil, I ought not to be served so. Mr. Jenkins took hold of me, and said he would carry me before my Lord-mayor, that I might have justice done me. I was carried from thence to the Poultry-compter, where I remained till twelve o'clock next day; then we were carried to Guildhall. My young master, Mr. Okely, came there. I have worked for him six months. I have not been ten months in England. The gentlemen appeared that saw me jump out of the window, and two or three more that saw me used ill, and I was discharged. I went to the public-house where I had been used thus, and asked the man of the house for my knife. He went to the bar, and gave it me.
* The witness has an impediment in his speech.
Q. from Edwards. Was I in the room when you attempted to jump out at the window?
Mahoney. Yes, you was; and you hauled me in, and paid me very well afterwards.
Morgan. He has spoke very right in every thing but one: He says the door was locked upon him; there is no lock on the door.


                  Thomas
                   Evans
               



            . I am a peruke-maker, and live opposite this alehouse. I saw the prosecutor attempt to get out at the window; he cried out for help, and murder, and such like. They pulled him in again, and the window was shut down. I heard the same cry again in about an hour, but more violent. We ran out, and saw the man in custody with three or four men with bludgeons. They beat him very much. Mr. Jenkins came by, and insisted upon going before my Lord-mayor. There are frequent noises in that house.
Q. from Edwards. Whether he did not hang by the spokes of the wheel, attempting to get away.
Court. He had very sufficient reason so to do.


                  Joseph
                   Bond
               



            , a whitesmith in the neighbourhood, confirmed the last witness.
Morgan's Defence.
This man brought the prosecutor to the house to meet one Captain Howard. I looked upon it he was to go servant to America. The captain talked to him about four or five years; I am not positive what. He was going down stairs. I had him called back. I said, did you never belong to the Chatham division of marines? Before I had spoke the words, he threw up the sash, and attempted to get out at the window. He is just like a man I had the description of, that was a deserter. He was very resolute; we were obliged to handcuff him. I know not of any felony.
Edward's Defence.
I took him as a deserter. I have an order for recruiting for the 34th regiment of foot. I was not in the room half an hour. I knew nothing of the felony.
Falmy's Defence.
I was not in the room.
Edwards. One of the jury has known me a great many years, and can speak to my character.
Juryman. I have known you to be a vile, wicked fellow, I believe.
All three 

               guilty
            . 




               T
            .
