







232, 233. (L.) 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET
                      SWINNEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      GLYNN
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing fourteen guineas and an 18 s. piece
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Jones
                  




               
            , Dec. 16th
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Jones
               



            . I am a servant
: I am just come out of the country, and am out of place: I had been at the Tower; coming back I lost my way; I asked the two prisoners the way to Newgate-street; they told me they would shew me the way: I said I would satisfy them for their trouble; they said they only desired something to drink: I said I would give them a pint of beer; they said they would have purl: we went into the Baptist's-head in the Old-Bailey; we came out of that house and went down Fleet-lane


; one went before me and opened a door, (No. 4.) the other came behind me and shoved me in; and they shut the door; one laid hold of me and said, will you give me something? I said I have given you a pint of beer: she then said lay hold ball, and she laid hold of my breast while the other pulled my money out of my pocket; I called watch but no watch came: they bid me hold my tongue or they would serve me worse. I kept hold of them, and thought to have kept them, but was afraid they would murder me, so I let them go; they got out of the window; I saw them again the next morning and knew them as soon as I saw them.
Q. from Glynn. Did not you give me a penny in Fleet-lane to get a candle?
Jones. I did not.


                  Richard
                   Jefferys
               



            . I am a constable: I was on duty at the Old Bailey session; a person came to me from the Baptist's-head, and desired me to take charge of a person that had robbed a man of his money; I found the prisoner Glynn, and charged her with it; she denied it, but acknowledged she was in the company of the prosecutor, and drank part of a pint of purl and a quartern of gin at the Baptist's-head; we went into Fleet-lane, and the prosecutor pointed to a house and said this is the house I was robbed in; the people at the next house said they were gone away, that there was a disturbance in the night by a man calling out watch! in consequene of this I took her before a magistrate, and she was committed to Wood-street Compter, the other prisoner the prosecutor himself took in the Old Bailey.


                  William
                   Rid
               



             confirmed the constable's evidence.
Glynn's Defence.
It is as false as God is true; it is because this woman would not lie with him; he gave me two-pence halfpenny for a quartern of gin; I said the best was threepence: she said she would not go to bed without some supper, and he gave me seven-pence to get some; when I came back they were disputing: I asked what was the matter; she said he wanted to go to bed all night and trust to his honour till morning, and he would pawn his watch to satisfy her, and if she would not he said he would call the watch.
Swinney made no defence.
For Glynn.


                  Thomas
                   Croker
               



            . I have known 
               
                  Glynn
               


             these eight or nine years; she lodged with me some time and followed washing; I never heard of her being in any crime before.


                  Eleanor
                   Clue
               



            . I know both the prisoners; I never knew any harm of them in my life; I do not know what they are; they came to our house with a man and drank two pints of purl and a quartern of gin the night before they were taken; the man behaved very odd that night; he wanted to put me off with a half-penny instead of a shilling, and wanted his change, and would not pay me but two-pence for the quartern of gin; it was two-pence halfpenny; so I told him he might pay it at the bar.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
