





138. (L.) 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      SURREL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four pieces of silk and stuff, and one piece of tabby, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward
                            Eals
                        



                     
                  , and a great coat
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Goswell
                  



               
            . ++


                  Joseph
                   Brown
               



            . I am a book-keeper to Mr. Rushton and Co. About the 4th of last month we received a letter from Mr. 
               
                  Edward
                   Lewis
               



            , in the country, with an order for some goods; I gave the letter to another clerk to execute the order.


                  William
                   Briggin
               



            . I packed them up; there were four pieces of silk and stuff, and one of dimmity; I delivered them to the porter to carry to the inn.


                  Samuel
                   Pullen
               



            . I am the porter; I received a truss packed up in canvas from the last witness; I delivered it to Mrs. Bradley, the book-keeper's wife, at the warehouse at the King's Arms, Holborn Hill


.


                  Elizabeth
                   Bradley
               



            . I received the parcel of the last witness; it was packed up in canvas; I put it in the warehouse and locked the door. It was afterwards found upon the prisoner; I saw it before the Justice.


                  Robert
                   Goswell
               



            . I saw the prisoner, before the Justice; he had my great coat on at the time, the truss was with him. I drive the waggon; my great coat was taken out of the warehouse. (The coat produced and deposed to.)


                  Walter
                   Butler
               



            . I am one of the patroles of St. Andrew's, Holborn, above the Bars. I stopt the prisoner in Holborn, on the 6th of November, with this truss upon his back.
Prisoner's Defence.
The warehouse door was not locked.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
