





625. (M) 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR, the wife
 of 
                        
                           WILLIAM
                            BLACK
                        







               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a feather bed, value sixteen shillings; a bolster, value four shillings; two pillows, value two shillings; four blankets, value twelve shillings; a rug, value two shillings; a copper tea-kettle, value two shillings; a pewter dish, value one shilling; two pewter plates, value one shilling; two copper saucepans, value two shillings; a silver tea-spoon, value one shilling; a brass candlestick, value six-pence; a pair of iron fire-tongs, value eighteen-pence; three damask napkins, value two shillings; two black silk cloaks, value four shillings; a camblet cloak, value two shillings; a linen night-gown, value five shillings; two cotton night-gowns, value ten shillings; a cotton petticoat, value three shillings; a thread sattin bed-gown, value one shillings; three linen shifts, value nine shillings; a white cotton petticoat, value six shillings, a black worsted quilted petticoat, value six shillings; three muslin aprons, value five shillings; a linen night-cap, value six-pence; a pair of womens stays, value four shillings; two linen pillowbiers, value one shilling; and one bound printed book, entitled the Holy Bible, value one shilling
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Neal
                  




               
            , July 26th
. +
Isabella Neal. I am the wife of the prosecutor; the prisoner lived servant
 with me when the things mentioned in the indictment were stole; she had lived with me nine months and a fortnight; I turned her away the day after the things were lost; while I had gone backwards and forwards to my husband, who was in the King's Bench; I left her in the house; she confessed voluntarily before the justice, that she had taken the things, and went with me to the pawnbrokers, where she had pawned them.


                  Edward
                   Wright
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner has brought things to pawn, and redeemed some of them again eight or nine times over, (produces the tea-spoon) the other things are so bulky, it was impossible to bring them all here.
The tea-spoon was deposed to by the prosecutrix.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did it out of necessity, my mistress not having allowed me more than three shillings, for six weeks.
Prosecutrix. She had bread and butter, and small-beer, during all that time; I cannot recollect what money I gave her.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


