






206. 207. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH
                      POWELL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      RUSSEL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing twenty four bars of iron, value 6 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew
                      Landwin
                  




               
            , Esq
; Jan. 19th
. +


                  James
                   Higgs
               



            . On the 19th of January, in the morning, I went down to the water side; I saw Russel stand on the south-side, and Powell rowing a boat from the north-shore to the south; my brother, who was with me, thought they were smugglers, and asked me if I had any skulls, and said if I had there was a chance for me; as I am a custom-house officer. I went into a boat and overtook Powell; when I came along side I saw it was iron; Powell rowed the boat on shore; I followed him, and found Russel walking to and fro by a blacksmith's window. I asked him who the iron belonged to; he equivocated; I said it looked as if it was run, and if it was I would seize it for the king and myself; he said it was not worth my while to seize such a piece of iron as that: then he said it belonged to a mate of a ship, and then to 
               
                  John
                   Jones
               



             a blacksmith; the smith got up, and said it was not his; then I asked for a piece of chalk and said I would put a broad arrow upon the boat, for I believed the iron was run or stole: then Russel went down and stept into the boat, and was going to push it off; I took him by the collar, pulled him out of the boat, and brought him up to an ale-house, and there was Powell. Powell rowed the boat over and went into the ale-house; when the boat was rowed on shore I was about a hundred yards from it; I pursued them directly; when I came on shore they were neither of them in the boat: I left my brother to take care of the boat while I went on shore after them; I secured Russel; the other ran down, put the boat off, and threw the iron over-board; my brother, seeing him throw it over, got a boat, and rowed after him, and brought him back; I gave the constable charge of both of them. I asked him why he threw the iron over-board; he said I might be d - d, the iron in the water could tell no tales. They were carried to the round-house, and my brother and I went to search for the iron, and took up five bars.


                  William
                   Higgs
               



            , brother to the last witness, confirmed this evidence.


                  John
                   Jones
               



            , a blacksmith, deposed, that Russel came to him in the morning and asked him if he wanted any iron; that he was going to look at it, but found it in the custody of Mr. Higgs.
- Hays, the constable, deposed, that he had charge of the prisoners. (The iron produced)
Mr. Blackbeard deposed, that the iron was the property of Mr. Landwin.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
