







226, 227. 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      M'GRAGH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  HENRY
                   AUSTIN
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing a linen shirt value three shillings; a pair of worsted stockings value three shillings; a leg of mutton value two shillings and six-pence; a shoulder of mutton, value two shillings and two breasts of mutton value one shilling
            , the property of 
               
                  Jenkin
                   Thomas
               




            , January 14th
 ||.
Jenkin Thomas. I am a butcher
 in Carnaby-market


. On the 14th of January last at night, I lost three pieces of mutton and a shirt and pair of stockings; I did not discover any thing of the persons that stole them; but on the Saturday afterwards, expecting that they would come again, I sat up for them in my shop and according to my expectation, about one in the morning, Austin came in through an air hole in the shop, and took another shoulder of mutton from the hook, I being in the shop at the time started up and struck at him with a stick and then he let fall the shoulder of mutton, I seized him and confined him till Monday, and then carried him before justice Wright; on the Friday afterwards I took M'Gragh and carried him likewise before justice Wright, he confessed he was with Austin when he took the mutton the week before and could tell many more things if he was admitted an evidence; but that was refused, Austin confessed he had pawned my shirt and stockings, and refered me to a woman and she to another woman who directed me to one Gees, there I found the shirt and stockings.


                  Mark
                   Cooper
               



            . I was with the prosecutor, I saw the prisoner come in; I saw the prosecutor strike at him and heard the shoulder of mutton fall
M'Gragh 

               Acquitted
            .
Austin 


               guilty of stealing the goods to the value of ten-pence
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


