





355. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     JANE
                   the wife
 of 
                     John
                      BREAKSPEAR
                  
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a ham, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Jackson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      West
                  



               
            , April 16th
. *


                  Richard
                   West
               



            . I am an oil-man

 in King's-street, Soho


: I am in partnership with 
               
                  John
                   Jackson
               



            ; the week before last I had a parcel of hams came in; when they come in we lay them by the gross scales: last Monday evening I counted the hams and missed five; I suspected some of my out-door servants; I taxed the porter with it; he said he had not taken any; the next day I lost another; then I took away all the hams but seven, five large and two small ones; I put the small ones on the top, thinking I might thereby detect the thief. On Friday the 16th I went to drink tea, and left my man in the shop, the prisoner came in for a pint of salt; she flung down her money, and said she would call again for the salt; I came into the shop, and said to my man, Thomas, there is one of the hams gone since I went in to tea; he said there had been nobody in the shop but the woman for the salt, that was to call again; I desired him to stay in the shop and I would go into the counting-house and put an apron over the window and watch her motions; she came and asked if it was ready; my servant said no; and while he was putting the salt up with his back towards her, I saw her pop down and take one of the hams up; she had several other little things; then she went out and I followed and stopped her, and said you have something belonging to me; she said I have not: I put by her cloak and took the ham from her.


                  Thomas
                   Bristow
               



             confirmed this evidence.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
