





448. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      NEWLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a diamond ring set in gold, value 5 l. a muslin apron, value 2 s. and a pair of muslin ruffles, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Farrow
                  




               
            , May 17th
. ++


                  John
                   Farrow
               



            . Last Tuesday my wife and I went out to take a ride; when we came back we missed the ring; my servant told me the prisoner had been there and been in that room; it was on a shelf in the room next the kitchen; I went next morning to Sir John's, got a warrant and took her up, and the ring was found among her things. (The ring produced by 
               
                  Henry
                   Smallwood
               



            , and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Henry
                   Smallwood
               



            . I took the woman and charged her with stealing the ring; she denied it; I then desired to see her box; she said she had none, only a bundle; she opened the bundle and seeing her hand move I laid hold of it, and found the ring in a nutmeg grater; I took her to the gentleman's house at Enfield, and told Mrs. Farrow I had found the ring; Mrs. Farrow went to put her things on, and missed a pair of ruffles and an apron; I went back and searched her bundle and found them there.
Rose Farrow. Looking over my things after the prisoner was taken, I missed the apron and ruffles. I saw them on the Tuesday before. I am sure the things produced are mine.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the ring in a fore room of Mr. Farrow's house; I did not know what it was or the value of it. I took the ruffles and apron from the same place.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
