






410, 411. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Cook
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing forty yards of callicoe, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Napper
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Jos.
                   Wright
               



             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing the same to have been stolen
            , March 10

. ++


                  Charles
                   Napper
               



            . I am a callicoe-printer
, and live in Old-street



. On the 10th of March last I missed forty yards of callicoe from out of a shed in my yard, each twenty yards long, and a yard wide, as measured by the king's officer. It was in two pieces, quite white.


                  George
                   Hartley
               



            . I formerly worked with Mr. Napper. Cook used to go about with a jackass and sell potatoes
. I believe Wright is a weaver
. About the twelfth of March, on a Saturday, Cook and I were together at the Cock alehouse in Old-street, about nine at night; we went from there to Mr. Napper's. I got over the gate, and he stood on the outside. I got two pieces of callicoe, twenty yards each, about a yard wide, from out of a shed, about thirty or forty yards from his house. I came over the same place to Cook; then we went into White-horse court to one Bilson; he was to buy them of us. He went out and fetched Wright and another man; they came to us at the White Lion in Christopher's-alley; then it was about eleven at night. They asked to look at the cloth. They passed for weavers. They measured it. I asked two guineas for it; at last they gave me thirty shillings for it. I never saw them before in my life. I told them, I bought it on board a ship. Wright paid me the money.
Q. to prosecutor. What was the value of the that cloth?
Prosecutor. They were worth upwards of 4 l. at the India sale.


                  Geo.
                   Hartley
               



            . There was a tall man wanted three or four yards to make him some shirts. I believe there were three or four people in the room when I was about selling it. This was in the tap-room.
Jos. Hale. I was at the White Lion in Christopher's-alley, when the evidence had this cloth to sell. I went with the evidence and one of Mr. Napper's servants, and one of Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's men. Sir John's man did not care to take Bilson at first. Then Bilson said, If you will step along with me, I'll shew you the man that bought the cloth. The evidence went there; it was Wright. Wright said, You know I did not buy them; I only paid part of the money; there was another man concerned; it was two pieces of callicoe, forty yards. There was one Booth by when the evidence was selling them. He said, they were stolen goods; and would have persuaded Wright not to buy them. The evidence said to Wright, You know you bought them, and Lancaster lent you part of the money. I was before Sir John when Cook was examined. Cook there said, he never was guilty of such a thing before.


                  John
                   Goode
               



            . I was at the White Lion in Christopher's-alley in March, when Cook and Wright were there. Hartley had got some cloth to sell, it lay upon the table; there were several people there; there was a guinea and a quarter bid for it. Hartley said, it cost his father more money. I went home and came back again, then the cloth was sold; who paid for it I do not know.


                  Alex.
                   Steel
               



            . I was present when Wright bought some callicoe of Cook and Hartley; they agreed for 30 s.
Cook's Defence.
I live at the White Bear in Old-street. Hartley came in and called for a pint of beer. He said, he had a relation come from abroad, and had brought a great deal of cloth. He asked me if I could recommend him to any body that would buy it. He was recommended to Christopher's-alley. I went with him; I had no suspicion he stole it; but I did not see him take a farthing of the money.
Wright's Defence.
Bilson came to my house, and asked for 
               
                  Rich
                   Lancaster
               



            . They asked me to go with them; I did. They asked me, if I had any money about me; I said, I had only a 10 l. bank note.


                  Ann
                   Bilson
               



            . I was there when Lancaster bought the cloth. Upon my oath, Wright did not buy it; he was present in the tap-room Lancaster bought and paid for it out of his own pocket. The boy said, he had it to sell for his uncle.


                  Tho.
                   Wagstaff
               



            . I was by at the time; Lancaster was the purchaser of the cloth, upon my oath, and not Wright. I did not see that Cook had any thing to do about selling it. Wright has a very good character; I have know him ten or twelve years.


                  Tho.
                   Haywood
               



            . About ten or eleven weeks ago I was with Bilson and Lancaster. Bilson told Lancaster, he had a bargain for him if he would buy it; saying, it was shirt cloth. Lancaster said to Wright, Will you have part of it? Wright said, he had swapped goods away about three weeks before for shirt cloth, and did not want any. Then Lancaster said, Will you go with me and pass your judgement upon it? They both went out of the house. I did not go to the public house with them; I went to the Cock. As they came back I saw Lancaster had got the cloth tyed up in a handkerchief. He asked me if I would buy some of it; I looked at it, and said, it did not suit me.
Cook 

               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
Wright 

               Acquitted
            .
