





728. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      THOMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a copper pot, value 2 s. two linen sheets, value 3 s. a blanket, value 1 s. a pillow case, value 1 s. a linen napkin, value 9 d. four linen gowns, value 10 s. a dimity petticoat, value 2 s. a stuff petticoat, value 1 s. a muslin apron, value 6 d. a pair of laced ruffles, value 4 s. a linen handkerchief, value 6 d. and a stone ring set in silver, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Nicholas
                      Burton
                  




               
            , Sept. 12th
. +


                  Nicholas
                   Burton
               



            . I am a butcher
 in Clare-market


: I hired the prisoner to look after a woman that was sick in my house; she died in about two months; I told the prisoner she was welcome to stay at my house for her board and lodging. On the 12th of September I went up into my room, and looked in my drawers where the things were; when I came to open the drawers the things mentioned in the indictment were all gone; I saw them in the drawers after the prisoner came into my house; I asked her what she had done with my wife's gowns: (my wife had been dead three years) she said at first she did not know any thing of them; I said she must know, for nobody else had been in the house, but her and myself; at last she said they were some at one pawnbroker's and some at another's, and she would go and shew me where; she went with me first to Mr. Price's; there I found the coffee pot, two sheets, a pillow case, blanket and napkin; then I went to Mr. Freer's; there I found four gowns, two petticoats, an apron, a pair of laced ruffles, a linen handkerchief and a gold ring (they are produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.) The constable insisted upon taking her before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , and she was committed; the drawers were fastened when I left the things in them, and they were fastened when I went to them and missed the things out of them. I thought her an honest woman; she was so fond of me and my child I could have trusted her with my life.
Humphry Bladen. I live with Mr. Freer, a pawnbroker in Wych-street; I took in the things that were found at our house at different times of the prisoner. I knew her before; she often came to our shop.


                  John
                   Crawford
               



            . I live at Mr. Price's, a pawnbroker, in Clare-market; the several things found at our house, were pawned by the prisoner; Burton came with the prisoner and had them all looked down; I have not the dates of them.
Q. to Bladen. Do you know when the goods were brought to you?
Bladen. They were all brought between the 25th of June and the 5th of September; they came to 2 l. 19 s. together; she said she lived in Houghton-street.
Crawford. She told me she lived at Mr. Smith's.
Prosecutor. That is the house where I live.
Prisoner's Defence.
I beg the mercy of the Court.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
