





98. (2d L.) 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      YOUNG
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury, in the evidence she gave on the trial of Francis, otherwise Frank Lewis, at the last session at Justice Hall in the Old-Bailey
            . ++


                  Joseph
                   Taylor
               



            . The defendant was asked if she knew any thing of Lewis's buying the cap; she said he bought it in Rosemary-lane; that she knew it to be the cap, because she saw no other; that it was about five o'clock; and that he gave seven pence for it.
Q. Did she say it was before or after five?
Taylor. She said five or thereabouts; it was before it was missing.


                  John
                   Marsom
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Gurney; I took down, in short hand, the trial of 
               
                  Francis
                   Lewis
               



            , at the last sessions: the prisoner was called on the behalf of Lewis; she swore as follows, (reads)
"That she was coming along
"with 
               
                  Sarah
                   Smith
               



             when the prisoner bought
"the cap; that it was between five and six
"o'clock. She was asked if she should know
"the cap again; it was shewn her; she said it
"was a plain cap; she believed that was it:
"She was asked if she could upon her oath saw
"that was the cap; she said she would take her
"oath of it; that she did not see any other cap,
"therefore it must be the cap."


                  Ann
                   Croat
               



            . I was in the Court when the prisoner swore to this cap; I went out to get a loaf about twelve doors from my master's house; as I was coming in again, I met this black man coming out of the gate; I met my master and asked him if any body had been in the shop; he said no; I missed the sheet and the cap off of the dresser, and the things mentioned in the indictment; the cap lay on the dresser with the sheet when I went out; I took it in with my own hand just before I went to the bake-house.


                  William
                   Moxam
               



            . I and Mr. Taylor were coming across the yard; the servant asked if any body had been in the shop; I said no; she said she was afraid we had been robbed; she went in and missed the several things that were in the indictment; I am sure the cap produced is the cap that was found on the prisoner and produced last sessions.


                  Ann
                   Moxam
               



            . The cap is my husband's; I was not in the room when the cap was taken from the prisoner.


                  James
                   Goging
               



            . I remember when the black was taken, the cap fell out of his pocket; it was seven o'clock or a little after; it is the cap that was produced at the trial of the black.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have nothing to say; I have not a friend in the world.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
