





666. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Francis
                      Craven
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one saddle, value 20 s. and one bridle; value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Collingdon
                  




               
            , June the 9th
. ++


                  Robert
                   Collingdon
               



            . I am a stable keeper
. On Sunday, the 9th of June, I missed two bridles and two saddles; I searched the stable all over, but could not find them. I looked at one of the windows and saw some marks of violence; I supposed the thieves had got in that way; I went round among the saddlers, and enquired if they had been offered to sale; Mr. Lowe called on me on Wednesday, and informed me that a saddle had been offered him; I went to his house; the prisoner brought them and laid them down; I saw they were my saddle and bridle. I told the prisoner it was my property; he said he bought them of a man at Turnstile, in Holborn. Before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             he confessed where he had sold the other.
(the saddle produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Q. from the prisoner. Did I bring that saddle into the shop?
- Collingdon. Yes; I saw you bring it in.


                  John
                   Clark
               



            . The prisoner brought this saddle to Mr. Lowe's and offered to sell it; he said he was going out of town next day, and had no more use for it; he said he bought it in Long Acre. I desired him to come again when my master was at home; he came again, and then he was secured.
Prisoner's Defence.
I met a friend of mine, who is a gentleman's servant; he said he had a saddle to dispose of; he asked me twenty-seven shillings for it; I said seventeen was nearer the matter. I walked with him to Turnstile, there we stopped. I said I will give you as much as any body; he said it was his own property. I told him I would give him a guinea, and that was the full value; he said he had another that was old, but it had a good bridle. I gave him a direction where I lived, and told him I should be at home in an hour. I went home about twelve o'clock; he had left that saddle and was gone home for the other; there were two women saw me buy them, one of them is ill, or she would have been here; there was a gentleman's servant too that knew of my buying them, but he is gone out of town. I paid for them about one o'clock, at my own house; I would not carry them home because I was going about some business, and being dressed pretty clean, I did not like to carry the saddles. It was in the month of June that I bought them. I intended to buy a horse the Friday following, in Smithfield.
For the Prisoner.


                  Martha
                   Williamson
               



            . I lodge at the Anchor and Crown, in St. Martin's lane. I have been out of place three weeks. I know the prisoner at the bar very well, he lives in - I have forgot the name of the place, but I know it very well. I was there on a Monday afternoon; I went to drink a dish of tea; a young man came there with a saddle; he left that and went for another; they came to a guinea and a half; he had brown clothes on, like a gentleman's servant; I saw him write, but I could not read it.
Q. Had not you been drinking?
Williamson. No; I had not been long out of bed.
Q. How long was this ago?
Williamson. About two months.
Q. Do you know what month this is?
Williamson. Indeed, sir, I am no schollard.
Q. What family has he got?
Williamson. He had two children, but they are dead.
Q. Who was you drinking tea with?
Williamson. His wife; I was helping her to wash, and I washed my own things.
Q. Have you been in place since that?
Williamson. No.
Q. When did he desire you to tell this story?
Williamson. Never.
Q. Then how came you here?
Williamson. I was desired by his wife.
Q. What time did he buy these saddles.
Williamson. I think between four and five o'clock.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
