





756. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER
                      CURD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver stop watch, value 5 l. a gold medal, value 10 l. twenty plain gold rings, value 3 l. and a silver tea pot, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Roberts
                  




               
            , Oct. 6
. *


                  John
                   Roberts
               



            . I have lately taken the King's Head tavern, the corner of Tower street; before that I kept a pawnbroker's shop
, the corner of Cumberland-court, Drury-lane


, and the prisoner was my servant
. On Sunday the 6th of October, 1771, I had the stock looked over, to see if he had done me justice; he was trusted in my business; I found there was a deficiency in the stock and suspected him; a gentleman wanted to see a diamond ring he had pledged for twenty guineas; the prisoner pretended he could not see it because he had lost the key of the small till where it lay; I accused him for what we call the backsides of the trade, that is the profits, and he said he would make me full satisfaction on Monday morning; he came home about half after eleven, or a quarter before twelve o'clock; I was gone to bed; Greenwood let him in; I heard his voice, then I fell asleep; he went out again, and I did not hear of him for a twelvemonth; the next morning I ordered a smith to come and pick the lock of the till, and I missed a stop silver watch that was my own, a gold medal, twenty gold rings and a silver tea pot, that were pledged the latter end of August; I saw an advertisement from Southampton, with an information of a suspicious person that had a gold medal there. I got a warrant and went to Southampton; I found him there in gaol for debt; the sheriff would not let him be taken away that time, so I came up, and went down again for him, and brought him up, and he was committed at Hithe; I enquired after my property, and at Mrs. Rawlins's, a public house, I saw this gold medal; the last time I went down, I got intelligence that my stop watch was with one Mr. Everidge, at Hawley, near Southampton; I charged the prisoner with stealing the things; he said he was sorry for it, he could not help it, the Devil possessed him. (The medal produced.)
Prosecutor. To the best of my knowledge I believe it is the medal that was pledged with me. (The stop watch-produced.)
Prosecutor. I can swear this is my watch; the watch was put in the window for a show four or five months before he absconded.
On his cross examination, he said,
"that
"there was a kind of an agreement between
"them in 1770 to come into partnership; that
"they were to have a partnership if the prisoner
"could raise money; that he took the house,
"and that the prisoner carried on the business
"for him during his confinement; that he was
"to give him fifty guineas for the first year,
"and if it answered, he was to give him a
"hundred guineas afterwards; that the articles
"of agreement for the partnership, did not
"say the prisoner was to find judgment only,
"but money too; that the articles were not
"signed; that he did not choose to enter into
"a partnership; that they opened a shop in
"November 1770, and the prisoner was to be
"his servant; that the prisoner took money
"out of the till to pay himself; that he told
"him he had taken out five guineas; that he
"did not mean he should have a share in the
"profit of the business; that he does not know
"that the house was advertised, but believes it
"was; that he does not know whether or no it
"was advertised in the prisoner's name; that
"it ought not to be in any but his own; that " he never saw the advertisement; that the
"prisoner hired servants and discharged them."


                  Elizabeth
                   Rawlins
               



            . I live at Hithe, near Southampton; the prisoner came down in the stagecoach to Southampton, and from thence to my house, about October last, I believe, I cannot remember particularly. He appeared in the character of a gentleman, and paid his way very well till he was arrested and put in gaol; this medal I stopped on account of his owing me some money for lodging and board; the medal he himself gave me to lay by; he owed me upwards of 20 l. while he was in prison he sent a letter to me to sell what I had in possession to pay myself; when I saw them, I rather scrupled how he should come by them; I consulted the rector of the parish, and he sent to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , and the prosecutor came and claimed the medal.


                  William
                   Etheridge
               



            . I live at Hawley; the prisoner resided at Mrs. Rawlins's, and there I became acquainted with him. After he was put in gaol at Southampton, he sent me a letter to come to him; I did, and he proposed to me to take some of these things in my custody. The stop watch was in the hand of one 
               
                  Michael
                   Moses
               



            , a Jew; he desired me to pay the debt he owed him, and receive the stop watch from him; Moses delivered me the watch; after I had received the watch and paid the money, I went to the prisoner, and asked him if he wanted any more money on the watch, and let him have another half guinea.


                  Michael
                   Moses
               



            . I live at Southampton; the stop watch was brought to me by the prisoner about four or five months ago to repair; he bought several things and said as soon as the watch was done he would pay me the money; Etheridge came and paid me the money, and I delivered him the watch.


                  Frances
                   Swingwood
               



            . I was servant to Roberts while Curd lived there; we had a stop watch; I do not remember the maker's name, or the number; I took in a medal, I believe that is it. When I was hired it was by Mr. Curd; I asked him if he had any propriety in the business, and he said, yes; when I saw Roberts, I asked him if Curd was a partner in the business, and he said, no; then I said I am your servant. I always looked upon Roberts as the sole proprietor of the business.
Cross Examination.
Q. All money went through Mr. Curd's hands?
Swingood. Yes.
Q. How much property was there in stock?
Swingood. 2000 l. and an odd 100 l.
Q. You never heard that Curd was satisfied, or was to be satisfied for his trouble?
Swingood. No.
Prisoner's Defence.
My Lord, he could not sign the articles because he was in confinement, but, if I could find sufficient bail. I was to go on with the business.
Q. to Roberts. Was there a bond given for his good behaviour?
Roberts. Yes, for his honesty.
Q. is that bond put in force against his security?
Roberts. Yes.
For the Prisoner.


                  Ridley
                   Webster
               



            . I am landlord of the house; Roberts and the prisoner came together, and took the house to carry on the pawnbroking business. I understood that Roberts was to find money, and Curd the judgment. I heard there was an agreement when I had let them this house; I did not know but what they were to be half and half of the business, but some altercations arose about paying the rent, the housekeeping, expences, &c. and they desired my advice; I advised them to keep an account of the outgoings, for Curd to have his board out of the profits of the business, and then the profits to be reckoned, and Curd to have a third; that they both agreed to, and I never looked upon it but he was a partner.
Q. Do you remember seeing the business carried on?
Webster. Yes; I have asked him if he had got the articles signed; he said, no, he could not do it till Roberts was out of prison.


                  Alexander
                   Wilson
               



            . I have known the prisoner five or six years; I understood the prosecutor and he to be partners; I know nothing of the articles; he has bore a very good character.


                  George
                   Waiers
               



            . I have known the prisoner between four and five years; I never heard any thing against his character before. I have advanced two or three hundred pounds for the business; I understood Curd to be in partnership; I was paid it again part by Curd and part by Roberts; I would not have lent it on the account of Roberts.



                  John
                   Linds
               



            . I have known the prisoner six years; I have lent him a great deal of money, and he has paid me very honestly; I always looked upon him as a partner in the business.


                  James
                   Higley
               



            . I have known the prisoner three years; he is a very honest man I believe, or I would never have become his bondsman; I always understood he was Roberts's partner. I have been sued for the bond.



               Guilty of stealing the watch
            . 


               T
            .
