





331 (L.) 
               
                  
                     David
                      M'Lane
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three ounces polishings, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Carter
                  




               
            , April 29
. +


                  John
                   Carter
               



            . I am a goldsmith
, and live in Bartholomew Close. The prisoner worked with me as a polisher
; silver polishings is what comes off from plate in burnishing it, or otherwise; on the twenty-nine April, between the hours of one and two, my clerk acquainted me that Price, my apprentice, had seen the prisoner go to several polishing boxes and take out silver polishings; I gave him directions, as I was obliged to go out, to search him when he went away; and if he found any of my property upon him to detain him till I came home. I returned about a quarter after nine; the prisoner was then in my compting-house in the custody of a constable; as I had been robbed of this article to a great amount, I asked him about it; he acknowledged he had at sundry times robbed me of this article, and sold it to one 
               
                  Peter
                   Tabois
               



             for four or five shillings a pound; which always produced me three times that money.
Q. Did you make him any promise of favour?
Carter. No; I made him none.
Q. Does any quantity of silver come upon their apron or so, in polishing?
Carter. There may be a trifle; it is not their perquisite.
- Scoffield. On Monday the 29th of last month, I returned from the other end of the town. The apprentice, Price, told me he had seen the prisoner through a hole I had cut (having suspected him) take some silver polishings from two of the boxes in the shop. I made this report to Mr. Carter; he ordered me to detain the prisoner; at night he returned. I kept him later than usual; he went away about nine. I sent Price for him; he hesitated to return, but did come. I asked him what he had in his pockets; he said, nothing: I bid him empty them. He took out several indifferent things, and turned out one pocket that had nothing in it: I bid him turn out the other; he kept his hand in it five minutes; I believe at last he took out these brushes (producing them.) I asked him how he came by them in his pocket; he said he did not know. Then I asked him if he had nothing else; then he pulled out some polishings (producing them ) these rags have the polishings in them: we burn the rags, and the silver is tried and valued: the apprentices take it up every Saturday night, and lock it up; it fetches about fifteen shillings a pound. He first pleaded ignorance; at last he said he was drunk, and confessed he did it.


                  Joseph
                   Price
               



            . * My master often cautioned me to watch the prisoner. The clerk made a hole in the wainscot; when all the men were gone, but the prisoner, I saw him come to the window and look out; then he went up to the polishing box. I could not perceive what he did; he fumbled there; then he went to the place where he generally sits, and put his hand into his pocket; then he came back again and went up to the other box, which I saw his hand in. I thought I saw it through his fingers as he went along; then he went to the same place were he used to sit, and put his hand in his pocket.


                  Robert
                   Haywood
               



            . The prisoner worked for Mr. Carter. He did not brush. I used one of these brushes that has been produced on the twenty ninth of April. The prisoner only rubbed and stoned, and got ready for the polishing.


                  Peter
                   Tabois
               



            . I live in King street, Bloomsbury. I am a washer; we melt polishings and cleanse silver out of the dust, for gold and silversmiths. I have bought of the prisoner aprons and fronts of coats and waistcoats, which is their perquisites. I was once between a master and his man, and valued his apron and waistcoat, which the master paid him for.
Q. What price do you give?
Tabois. It is all an uncertainty, according as we thought it might be filled with silver, three, four or five shillings. I never bought any polishing of him.
Q. What may that be worth that is produced?
Tabois. Nobody can tell till it is melted.
Q. What may you think it worth?
Tabois. I Can't tell; I may have bought ten or twelve times of him.
Prisoner's Defence.
Whatever I sold to Mr. Tabois was breasts of coats, waistcoats, and fronts of breeches and aprons, nothing else.
For the Prisoner.


                  James
                   Ross
               



            . I have known the prisoner thirty years; he has lodged fifteen years in my house; he is an honest man; he never lay a night out of my house.


                  Daniel
                   Ross
               



            . I am a son of the last witness. I have known him fourteen years; I am in the pocket book way; he is an honest man.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


