





181. (M.) 
               
                  
                     DANIEL
                      NICHOLSON
                  , otherwise 
NICHOLS




            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth
                            Platt
                        




                     
                  , on the 16th of January
, about the hour of eight in the night, and stealing eleven pair of worsted stockings, value twenty shillings the property of the said Elizabeth, in her dwelling house
             ++.


                  Elizabeth
                   Platt
               



            . I am a haberdasher
 and hosier
, on the 6th of January, about Eleven o'clock, I was up stairs with a few friends, hearing the cry thieves, I ran down and found a pane of glass in the shop broke, a hat dashed through and eleven pair of stockings taken out, they were tied up in a paper with my mark upon them, my servant was gone in pursuit of the thieves.


                  John
                   Keaps
               



            . Last Monday three weeks our window was broke, I ran to the door and saw the prisoner run across the street, I pursued him and cried stop thief, in consequence of that he was stopped and the bundle of stockings was found at his feet.


                  Ann
                   Mascall
               



            . I was sitting at work behind the compter, I heard the window break, I got up and took hold of a parcel, a man put his hand through the window and took the parcel from me, I don't know the person.


                  Joseph
                   Smith
               



            . I saw the prisoner drop the stockings from under his coat when Keaps had hold of him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of it, I was walking along there was a cry stop thief, the man that stopped me first said I was not the man and let me go again.
He called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               Not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house, but guilty of stealing the goods
            . 


               T
            .
