






716, 717. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      COLLINGS
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      HASLET
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing three bushels of coals, value 3 s. the property of persons unknown
            , Sept. 28
. +


                  Isaac
                   May
               



            . I live with Mess. Few and Scruden, wharfingers and coal dealers, at the bottom of Essex-street in the Strand


. On the 28th of September, about half after ten at night, as I was going down the street to the wharf, I saw two or three people coming up the street with some sacks on their backs; I suspected them, and I dogged them; I saw Collings go with one sack of coals down into a milk cellar in Essex-street; accordingly I stepped over the way, and by that time the prisoner Haslet, and another with him, came with another sack; as soon as I began to challenge them what they had got, and how they came by it, they threw the sack down, and run away. Then the master and mistress of the milk cellar came to me, and asked what I did there; I said I believed they had something in their cellar they should not have there; they would not let me go down at first, but presently they did, and there I saw Collings, and the sack of coals tied round with a garter; I looked at Collings knees, and saw he had but one garter on: Collings said he picked the coals out of the Thames; I opened the sack and looked at the coals; they were large coals, and as clean as when they came out of the pit; then Haslet was brought down; I charged Haslet, but he denied knowing any thing of it; then Collings said he had been with him that night.
Q. Did you know Haslet when you saw him in the street?
May. Yes, I knew him very well.
Collings' Defence.
I met a man in the street that appeared to be a coal-heaver, with that bag of coals, and he said he would give me three-pence to carry it into Essex-street, and he took my garter and tied it round with; he went and shewed me where to carry them, and when he saw this man, he run away.
Haslet's Defence.
He never saw me with any coals on my back: as I was going along the street, a boy came to me, and said some gentlemen wanted to see me at the Crown, in Essex-street; I went, and when I came there he said it was over the way in a milk cellar; I went to the milk cellar, and May charged me with stealing some coals.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
