





301. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      GORMAN
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two black silk hats, value 2 s. one black silk laced cloak, value 5 s. one lawn apron, eleven muslin handkerchiefs, one linen handkerchief, value 1 s. one linen counterpane, value 2 s. one pair of stays, value 2 s. and four pair of shift sleeves
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Baker
                  




               
            , widow
, April 28
. ~


                  Mary
                   Baker
               



            . I am a lodger in a back garret in Drury-lane, facing Brownlow-street


. On the 28th of April, about seven o'clock in the evening, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them); the handkerchief, sleeves and cloak were in a drawer in my room; the drawer was locked and the key in it; the counterpane was on the bed, and the rest of the things in a chair. About seven o'clock I went down into the one-pair-of-stairs fore room, and locked my door; I staid about half an hour; on my return I found the room door open; I saw the prisoner standing by the fore garret door with something in her lap; I asked her what she wanted; she said one Mrs. M'Carty; I told there was no such person lived in the house; I went into my room and missed my things, which made me suspect her; I came out and asked her what she had in her lap; she said things to wash; I asked her to come into my room and put the things down; she said she would not leave them for they were things to wash; she got down one pair of stairs with them; I raised the house; I saw the things on the floor. She was carried before a magistrate and committed; she said nothing at all for herself.


                  Henry
                   Miln
               



            . I am a lodger in the same house, on the first floor. On the 28th of April between seven and eight in the evening, I heard the prosecutrix cry out, a thief! I went up and found the prisoner on the two pair of stairs; the people in the two pair of stairs had stopped her, and the things were dropt; she said she had been up stairs to one Mrs. M'Carty with these things to wash.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been to Covent Garden, and carried two loads for a gentleman in Red-Lion-square. I enquired after one Mrs. M'Carty, who owed me half a year's rent; I kept a house in Oxford-road; I was told she lived in Drury-lane; I went into the wrong house; I never meddled with any thing.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
