





58. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Solomon
                      Solomons
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            White
                        




                     
                  , on the twenty-second of November
, about the hour of five in the night, and stealing 84 yards of bed-lace, value 10 s. the property of the said William, in his dwelling house
            . ++


                  William
                   White
               



            . I am a haberdasher
 and live in Whitechapel


: on the twenty-second of November, my shop-woman told me a man had taken a parcel off the counter; she described the man to be tall, in a snuff-coloured great coat and a round hat; I went out in pursuit of him, I first saw him in an entry about two or three hundred yards from my house; I said, young man, by the description I have, you are the man that came into my shop; he seemed to be in a great flurry; I asked him to go back with me to my shop: he struck me several times and got away from me; there were two men; my brother pursued the other but could not take him; in coming back he met the prisoner; he called to me for assistance, and we brought him to my shop; my shop-woman said immed iately she would sware to him.


                  Ann
                   Tidmarsh
               



            . I am shop-woman to Mr. White. The prisoner opened the door and came into the shop about five in the evening; I was not in the shop, but in a room even with the shop.
Q. Is it a whole, or a half door?
Tidmarsh. A whole door, and has a latch.
Q. Did he use any force?
Tidmarsh. No; he came in and took a parcel off the counter; we had sold some of the lace about half an hour before; I called to Mr. White and he went in pursuit of him.
Q. How long was it before he was brought in?
Tidmarsh. Rather better than a quarter of an hour; I described him to Mr. White to be a tall thin man in a round hat and a rough great coat, of a reddish colour.
Q. What distance was you from him?
Tidmarsh. About fifteen or twenty yards.
Q. Did he deny or own the fact?
Tidmarsh. He denied it.


                  Thomas
                   Bradshaw
               



            . I happened to be at Mr. White's at this time; his shop woman cried out somebody has stole something; the man ran up Goulston Square; we opened the door that goes into the square and run after him; the prisoner looked round at the corner to see if they were pursued; he pushed the other that had the lace away; I said to Mr. White, will you take care of him, I will pursue the other: he stood at the corner looking back to see if he was pursued. I pursued the other for some considerable time through many allies into Spital-fields; it was just at the duke of the evening. I lost him; a coming back I met the prisoner again; I said my friend, you are one of them; he asked me what that meant; I said you are one of the men that took the things, come back with me and I'll tell you what I mean; he began straggling; we struggled together, I believe, a quarter of an hour. Mr. White heard I had get him again, he came up. The prisoner knocked me down two or three times; we took him back to Mr. White's shop.
Q. What did Miss Tidmarsh say?
Bradshaw. She declared he was the man that took the lace.
Q. Did not he say that he was ready and willing to go with you?
Bradshaw. No, he struggled very much.
Prisoner's Defence.
They would not give me time to talk for myself before the justice; upon Tuesday morning I went into the country; I walked with an acquaintance from Bow to Goulston Square. I saw two or three men run very fast; there was a wooden entry in the square; the gentleman hearing me go through turned round and said, you robbed my shop, and knocked me down. A gentleman, a brewer, bid him run after the other men that were gone along; he let me go, and went to stop the other man. I went the rest of the way home; I met this gentleman; he said I was the man he run after; he said I robbed his shop; I said, search me; they dragged me all the way; they sent for a constable; the shop-woman gave orders to charge me; they took me to a back parlour, stripped me, and found nothing upon me.
For the Prisoner.


                  Emanuel
                   Ruff
               



            . The prisoner came to my house in the morning and asked me to lend him a hat to go into the country. I lent him a hat; upon Thursday in the afternoon I met him by Bow; he said he was going home because the weather was so bad, so I went home with him: when we came almost by Whitechapel, I asked him if he would drink a pint of beer. I left him the corner of Goulston-street.


                  Rachael
                   Levi
               



            . My husband works in Goulston Square; I had been to him; coming back I met 
               
                  Solomon
                   Solomons
               



            ; it had been a wet afternoon; he asked me where I had been; while I was talking to him two or three men run past me, then two or three more came by, after that I desired him to go home out of the rain, and change his cloaths, as he had had a fit of sickness.


                  Catherine
                   Israel
               



            . The prisoners was taken under our window; I was drinking tea; I heard a noise under the window; I opened it; I looked out and saw some men take hold of the prisoner, then he spoke; I knew him by his voice; he said, gentlemen, don't use me ill, I am not the person you seek for; he said, search me, if you find any thing upon me I will give you leave to take my life.
Witness. I said if you will tell me who the man is that ran from you at the time, I will give you half a guinea.


                  Sarah
                   Markes
               



            . He is an honest industrious man, he has served me in my shop three years; he has always done his endeavour for me; I keep a butcher's shop.


                  Elizabeth
                   Knowles
               



            . I have known him nine years; he bears a good character.


                  Mary
                   Miller
               



            . I have known him ever since he was a child, he has an undeniable character.


                  Ann
                   Phillips
               



            . I have known him a great many years, he had always an honest character.
Q. to Mr. White. When you first took him did he say any thing to you of two men that were gone before?
White. No.
Q. Was there any brewer spoke to you; did he tell you two or three men were gone before?
White. No; Mr. Cummings the brewer, said, why did not you call to me, and I would have sent some of my men to assist you.
Q. I understand you to say he was too hard for you, and he knocked you down?
White. No, he beat me so that my eye was swelled.
Q. Did you not voluntarily let him go?
White. No.
Q. Did you not leave him to pursue any body else?
White. No.




               Guilty of Stealing
            , 


               T
            .
