





642. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      FITZGERALD
                  



               
             (a black) was indicted for that 


               he, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Francis
                         Limes
                     



                  , on Ann, the wife of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel
                            Roberts
                        



                     
                  , did make an assault, putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and stealing from her person a silk purse, value 1 d. and 12 s. 6 d. in money, numbered, the property of the said Samuel, from the person of the said Ann
            , July 19
. ++


                     Ann
                      Roberts
                  



               
            . I live in Parker's-street, and sell old clothes
; I have often seen the prisoner at the Boot, opposite my house; he has spoke to me, but I had no acquaintance with him. He came over the way to me on the 29th July, and asked me to drink; there were two or three women of us together; we said we would be our two-pence to his three-half-pence; we had a pot of beer. He asked me to buy some clothes out of pawn; I pulled my purse, in which I had 12 s. 6 d. out of my bosom. I had quarrelled with my husband, so I did not care to have any dealings that day. I went from thence to the White Hart in Litchfield-street


; the prisoner came in soon after me; the maid shewed me the way to the necessary; while I was there, the prisoner came down; as soon as I saw him, I was frightened; I jumped off the necessary, and cried, O Lord! O Lord! the prisoner, without saying a word, or offering any violence to me, put his hand into my bosom, took my purse out, and went up stairs immediately, and when I came up the prisoner was gone.


                  Elizabeth
                   Poltney
               



            , deposed,
"that she was
"with Roberts, at the Boot, and saw her put
"12 s. 6 d. into her purse, which she put into
"her bosom."


                  Sarah
                   Adams
               



             a servant at the White Hart, deposed,
"that she shewed the prosecutrix the
"way to the necessary; that when she came up
"stairs, she saw the prisoner at the top of the
"stairs, who said to her, if I go down stairs,
"she will swear I robbed her, and that he immediately
"went down stairs; that she was
"called away upon some other business, and
"presently the prosecutrix came up stairs, and
"said the prisoner had robbed her of her
"money."


                  Robert
                   Crown
               



             deposed,
"that he saw the
"prisoner and the prosecutor at the White
"Hart; that she asked the prisoner to treat her
"with a pint of beer, and he said he had but
"one farthing. That he was brought into the
"watch-house, and charged by the prosecutrix
"with having robbed her of 12 s. 6 d. that we
"searched the prisoner, and found upon him
"8 s. 6 d. in silver, and 5 3/4 d. in copper; that he
"said he got the money by gambling, at Marybone,
"and that he found a pack of cards upon
"him, which appeared to have been prepared
"for such a purpose."
The prisoner, in his defence, said,
"the prosecutrix
"asked him to go with her; that she
"was much in liquor; that he went down to
"the necessary; that he found the prosecutrix
"there casting her stomach, and that he immediately
"returned up stairs."




               Guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
