





622. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL
                      BRIEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. a brass key, value 1 d. a stone seal, value 1 d. a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 10 s. a pair of men's leather pumps, value 3 s. and a half guinea, the property of 
                     
                        William
                         Sangrove
                     



                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Robert
                         Kenyon
                     



, Aug. 20
. *


                     William
                      Sangrove
                  




               
            . I live in Hustings-court, Ratchiff-highway


. On the 20th of August, between twelve and one in the night, I lost a silver watch, a pair of silver buckles, half a guinea in money, and a pair of leather pumps: the prisoner lay with me the night of the robbery; he got up in the morning and left me asleep; I knew nothing of it till the watchman found the door open, and waked me; then I missed them; he had nothing upon him when he was taken; the watch was found at one Mr. Green's; the Justice bid him confess where the things were, and he confessed they were worth about 3 l. 5 s.


                  Robert
                   Kenyon
               



            . The prisoner lay with the last witness the 9th of August; he got up and opened the door a quarter before one; I followed him; Sangrove had the watch and buckles before he went to bed; the watchman came and told me at one o'clock the door was open; I did not see the prisoner go out; I was not present when he was taken up, but when before the public Justice I heard him say the watch was at the pawnbroker's, in the Minories, and described the place where Green the pawnbroker lives.


                  Frederick
                   Waggoner
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Green; the prisoner brought the watch to pawn (producing it). I know it to be the same by the string.
Prosecutor. It is mine; the prisoner when taken up described the house where he pawned it at.
Prisoner's Defence.
The prosecutor gave it me to pawn.
Prosecutor. It is entirely false.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
