






223, 224. (M.) 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY
                      BURRELL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      FERRY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Jane
                            Cocker
                        




                     
                  , widow
, on the 26th of December
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing a wooden till, value 6 d. two wooden boxes, value 2 d. four silver three-penny pieces, two silver groats, and two hundred and forty halfpence, the property of the said Jane in her dwelling house
            . +


                  Jane
                   Croker
               



            . I live in Hare-street, Bethnal-green


. My house was broke open on the latter end of November, and also on the night after Christmas-day; I went to bed at eleven o'clock on Christmas night; I got up the next morning between six and seven, and found my house broke open. The house is let out in separate tenements: I have the ground floor to myself.
Court. Describe the situation of your apartment.
Croker. There is one common door for the several tenants to enter the house at and go up stairs: my bed-chamber is on the right hand of that passage; my shop is on the left, and my shop has besides this door an outer door to the street for my customers.
Court. Then it is not a breaking the dwelling house?
Cocker. I found the glass of the casement in the shop broke near the hasp; I missed my till containing 10 s. worth of halfpence, and two little Christmas boxes containing two silver groats, and four silver three-pences. I saw the marks of dirty feet upon the table under the window. Burrell used my shop to buy little matters; he confessed before the Justice that he was the only person concerned in breaking my shop; he had at first said that Ferry was concerned with him; he said now that he only charged Ferry out of spite; he said he broke in between one and two in the morning; I observed the marks of feet upon the table seemed to be all of one size. Burrel told the Justice he had thrown my till in a field; it was found according to his directions. (The till produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)


                  William
                   Sweetnam
               



            . I am brother to the prosecutrix; I keep a public house opposite the Ferry came to me last Monday se'ennight, and said he knew the person that had robbed my sister; that it was Burrell. I went to Mr. Gray's, a weaver, who is Burrell's master; Burrell hearing me come up stairs, attempted to get out at the window; I laid hold of the slap of his coat and pulled him in again; he said I am guilty; I asked him of what; he said of robbing Mrs. Croker; he said he got into the house between one and two o'clock, and described the manner in which he did it.


                  William
                   Turvey
               



            . On the day after Christmas-day I met Ferry in Whitechapel; I changed this silver three-pence for him (producing it.)
Prosecutrix. I cannot swear to the three-pence.


                  John
                   Gully
               



            . I changed a silver three-pence for Burrell.


                  John
                   Doyle
               



            . I changed a silver three-pence for Burrell.


                  John
                   Yarding
               



            , 
               
                  Patrick
                   Burgano
               



             and 
               
                  Frederick
                   Haake
               



             confirmed the evidence of Burrell's confession.
BURRELL 


               guilty of stealing 12 s. 4 d. 
            




               T
            . but acquitted of the burglary.
FERRY 

               acquitted
            .
