





37. (M.) 
               
                  JOhntson
                   Biddleston
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one five gallon stone bottle, filled with oil of almonds, value 31 s. and one quart glass bottle, filled with oil of almonds, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Sutton
                  




               
            , Nov. 10
. ++


                  Charles
                   Sutton
               



            . I am an oilman
 and live in the Savoy


; I suspected my man and the prisoner were concerned together; I had an information of the prisoner; I attended at Guild-hall where the prisoner was in custody; when he saw me he made his escape from the constable; I told my man his only way to escape would be to confess the fact: he accordingly went before a magistrate and made a full confession.


                  Charles
                   Humphrey
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Sutton.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner's having any oil of your masters.
Humphrey. I was going along the passage; he asked me what trade I was; I told him we dealt in all sorts of oil; he asked me to give him a drop of oil to oil his fire-lock; I did; then he asked me to get him a bottle, I did; he sold it for twelve shillings and gave me six; that was five gallons; then he asked me to get him another, and he said he would make away with it; I said I was afraid my master would find it out; he told me he would give me a pair of silver buckles; I did get him a bottle, and he gave me the buckles; he told me he had a gentleman that would take all I could get; he came down to me again, and asked me to get him some more; I told him I would keep company with him no more; he came down to me again on Sunday morning, and said, d - n you, get me some more, never mind your master, he will not find it out. I got him another; the two large ones held forty-six pounds, the others five gallons each; I got him six in all; he said if I would get him another he would give me a silver breast-buckle.
Q. When did you first begin this business with the prisoner.
Humphrey. I lived a twelvemonth with my master: this was after I had been there about half a year.


                  Jane
                   Spencer
               



            . The prisoner, who is a soldier
, lodged at my house; I went to see the soldiers removed out of the barracks in the Savoy; the prisoner was sentry at the prosecutors door; as the soldiers were coming round, he said to his wife, stop, and I will give you a bottle of almond oil; I can get enough of it at any time; I saw him once at his lodgings, teeming-out oil from a large bottle into small bottles.


                  John
                   Jones
               



            . The prisoner used my house; he and Humphreys used to be drinking together at my house; I had a stone bottle left in my house for Humphreys, either by the prisoner or his comrade.

Prisoner's Defence.
Two of my comrades in the barracks used to have oil; I asked one of them to give me a drop, he would not; Humphreys said, if he will not give you a drop, I will, to oil your firelock; I never spoke to him till the last day; I was coming out of the Savoy barracks; he came to the stable to order his horses; he asked me to come to see him; again he asked me if I would have a bottle full of oil then, or come again for it; he went and fetched it, and put it in my sentry-box. Humphreys said he could get me a great deal; he said it was his perquisites out of the cleanings of the jars; I was drawn into it innocently.
For the Prisoner.
- Doughty. I am a serjeant in the third Regiment of Guards; I have known the prisoner ever since April last; I never heard any thing of his behaving amiss till since this affair, now I hear he has done a bad thing in the army, by endeavouring to make his escape, and enlist into the first Regiment of Guards. I know nothing of his private character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
