





380. (1st M.) 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      ASHLEY
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a linen shirt, value 2 s. four pair of worsted stockings, value 2 s. two pair of thread stockings, value 1 s. three linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s. three linen aprons, value 2 s. two linen neckcloths, value 2 s. and one linen pillow-case, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander
                      Bruce
                  




               
            , March 9th
. +


                  Mary
                   Bruce
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Alexander
                   Bruce
               



            . I lost the things mentioned in the indictment about the 9th of March; some were taken out of my drawers, some out of my press, and some out of my lodger's rooms; the prisoner was my only servant. The morning after she went away, my lodger missed a shirt; upon which I searched my things, and missed the things mentioned in the indictment. I gave intelligence to Mr. Spruce, a pawnbroker, in Coventry-court, in the Hay-market; he sent me word afterwards, that the prisoner had redeemed a shirt out of pawn; I found all the things in the indictment at Spruce's; she denied she had taken any thing from me.


                  John
                   Greenwood
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Spruce. The prisoner pledged this bundle of things with us at different times. [The goods produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.]


                  James
                   Smith
               



            . I am a pawn-broker. I had that shirt of the prisoner on the 25th of March; (producing it) I lent her three shillings on it. [The shirt deposed to by the prosecutrix to be her lodger's shirt that she had to wash.]
Prisoner's Defence.
I pawned them for distress, because all the time I lived there I could never get a farthing of wages; when I got my wages, I would have got them out; but she desired I would never darken her doors any more; I was eight months gone with child by one of the lodgers.
She called 
               
                  Sarah
                   Creeves
               



            , who had known her five or six years; 
               
                  Margaret
                   Knight
               



            , who had known her seven years; and 
               
                  Margaret
                   Robinson
               



            , who had known her four years; who all gave her a good character.
Q. To the prosecutor. Is it true that she could not get her wages of you?
Prosecutor. She desired me to keep her wages for her; the day she went away I paid her thirty shillings.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


