





764. 
               
                  
                     Matthew
                      Marchington
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Willis
                  




               
            , Oct. the 14th
. +


                  James
                   Willis
               



            . I live in Milk-street, Cheapside. I am clerk to a wholesale linen draper
. On Saturday, the 5th of October, being the last day of election for lord mayor, I went to Guildhall


, I lost my watch there; it was found at Drury-lane playhouse. I went to Guildhall to take down the number of the poll. I had my watch in my fob then, and I had not taken it out; I missed it immediately on coming out of the hall.
Q. How long had you been in the hall?
Willis. About an hour.
Q. Did you see the prisoner there?
Willis. I think I remember his face, there was a great crowd.
Q. You did not known him before?
Willis. I think I have seen him before: my watch was found upon the prisoner, at Drury lane playhouse, by 
               
                  Edward
                   Rogers
               



            , a constable. (the watch produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Edward
                   Rogers
               



            . I know the prisoner. I am constable at Drury-lane playhouse, there was a noise up in the two shilling gallery; a man came down for a constable; I went up, and two gentlemen had got the prisoner on the stairs; they said they had got a pick pocket, and that they saw him pick a gentleman's pocket. I took him into custody, and brought him down into a lobby, I searched him, and found this watch in his fob.
Q. You are sure it is the same watch?
Rogers. Yes; it has always been in my possession. I took him before a justice, and he was committed; I went to the maker, and he recollected who the watch belonged to?
Q. What is the maker's name?
Rogers. Wagstaff.
Prosecutor. He has repaired it several times; the maker's name is 
               
                  Hector
                   Adams
               



            , the name Wagstaff is on a paper in the outside case.
Cross Examination.
Q. Pray when was this?
Rogers. I think the 15th of this month.
Q. Are you sure the watch is the same?
Rogers. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought the watch, in Clare-market, at the Three Tuns, at Eight in the evening, about the 7th of this month.
Q. to Rogers. Did you find the prisoner on the stairs?
Rogers. Yes.
Q. Was the play begun?
Rogers. I believe not.
For the Prisoner.
- Gretricks. I live at White chapel; I did live in Shoe-lane; I am a breeches maker; I moved from Shoe-lane, the 4th or 5th of this month. I live at Allen's a coach painter, opposite White chapel church. I saw the prisoner, at the Three Tuns, at the corner of Holton-Street, Clare market, I never saw him before; I think it was on a Monday in this month, it might be the 6th, 7th, or 8th, I do not know, it was in the evening, 
               
                  Lawrence
                   Field
               



             was with me, we were waiting for one Gray, a custom house officer, that lives in the same street: we were in the tap-room; the prisoner was there a nd a young man with him; there were more in the tap-room, but no more in the box; I heard them talk of a watch; they mentioned as if they were about to bargain; they talked about some money; I heard a guinea mentioned, but I cannot say any thing further.
Q. Did you see the watch?
Gretrick. No; I heard the prisoner say he would give a guinea, and his own watch in exchange for another, which, I suppose, the other man had.
Q. How long did they stay?
Gretrick. We left them there about half an hour.


                  Lawrence
                   Field
               



            . I live at Mr. Allen's, the coach maker; I am his son-in-law. I went to the Three Tuns, with Gretrick, to wait for a custom house-officer; we sat in the box where the prisoner and the other man were. I took up the news paper; I heard the word watch mentioned several times, between the prisoner and the other man.
Q. Did you see any watch.
Gretrick. No.


                  John
                   Lacels
               



            . I am a cooper, and live in St. Martin's lane. I have known the prisoner four years. I believe he was brought up in the clothiers business: he has always bore a good character any further than as being a wild young man.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
