






554, 555. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Miller
                  



               
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  
                     Ann
                      Dupere
                  



               
            , spinster
, were indicted for 


               stealing seven yards of lawn, value 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph
                            Burnthwaite
                        




                     
                  , privately in the shop of the said Joseph
            , Aug. 9
. ++


                  Joseph
                   Burnthwaite
               



            . I am a linen draper
, the corner of Surry-street, in the Strand


; the prisoners came into my shop on the 9th of Aug. last, about four in the afternoon; Dupere asked for a piece of lawn; I took a rapper out of the counter; she looked at several pieces, at last she pitched on one; I asked her five shillings. she bid me four, I said I could not take it; I did not like them, I watched them pretty closely; Ann Duper went out of the shop, and the other was following her; I stept from behind the counter and stoped her; as she was going out, she had a large red cloak on; I took hold of it and said, how can you wear so large a cloak so hot a day; lifting up her cloak there was a piece of lawn under her left arm; I took it from her, and found my mark upon it; it was one of the pieces that was in the rapper, it measured seven yards; upon that the other came back and said, I had no business to stop them; they were not out of the shop; she said I might do my worst, and was very saucy, so I told her I would try for that; then Ann Dupere endeavoured to run away.
Q. You did not see either of them take the lawn?
Burnthwaite. I saw them busy, so I suspected it.
Q. You are sure it was your lawn.
Burnthwaite. Yes; there was my mark on it; on examining my rapper I missed that very piece of lawn.
Millet's Defence.
It never was under my cloak, I had it in my hand; looking at it.
Dupere's Defence.
I never touched the lawn; I am as innocent as can be; we deal in the market in Whitechapel.
Both 


               guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .
Guilty, 



               T
            .
