





334. (M.) 
               
                  MARGARET, the wife
 of 
                     
                        John
                         GRANT
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing two silver table spoons, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Page
                  




               
            , May 10th
. ~


                  Ann
                   Page
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert
                   Page
               



            : the 10th of this month, between nine and ten at night, I lost two table spoons; they were taken from a drawer in the bar; my husband keeps a public house
; I had used one of them about two hours before, and put it in the drawer again. I went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's early the next morning, and they were advertised. The Wednesday following 
               
                  Thomas
                   Frasier
               



            , a watchman, came to me, and asked me if I had not lost some spoons; I told him I had lost two; he said as he was on duty on, Monday night about ten o'clock, a woman came to him, and asked where she could get a lodging and find a pawnbroker's; he said she might get both at Chelsea. I went the next morning and found one spoon at Mrs. Dow's, in Petty France, Westminster, and the other at Mr. Stone's in the Ambery, Westminster; I am sure they are my husband's property.
Mr. Wright. I am servant to Mr. Stone, pawnbroker, in the Ambery; I took in a table spoon of the prisoner the 11th of May; I lent her 7 s. upon it; Mrs. Page came on the 13th, and asked if such a thing was brought there; I told her yes, and where the person lived; she went but could not find her. I am sure the prisoner is the person; she pawned it in the name of 
               
                  Margaret
                   Rowland
               



            .


                  Elizabeth
                   Dow
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Petty France; the prisoner brought a silver spoon the 11th of May to pledge for 7 s. I took it in; I know it is one of these spoons; I cannot say which because they are mixed.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw the spoons till I saw them before the Justice, nor none of these people.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
