





(L) 628. 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen shirt, value five shillings; and a silk and worsted gown, value six shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah
                      Hall
                  




               
            , widow, July 17th
. ++


                  Sarah
                   Hall
               



            . I live in George-yard, Snow-hill


. I follow the business of quilting. I have employed the prisoner at times for seven years. She begged of me to employ her. I took her in to iron some things I had washed. Being very ill, I went and lay down about twenty minutes. When I went to lay down, the shirt was in a basket, with other things that were to be ironed; and the gown hung on a pin by the door. A gentleman knocked at the door. Not hearing her go to the door, I got up, and opened it. I then missed her and the shirt out of the room. I went to her sister's to enquire after her; and when I returned I missed the gown. A little girl, who lives opposite, told me, she saw her go out with her apron full of things. I gave a description of her at the justices; and the next day I was informed she was stopped with a shirt upon her. I went and saw the shirt was mine.


                  Mary
                   Mexley
               



            . On the 17th July, the prisoner brought this shirt to me to pawn, in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Blackman
               



            , and I stopped it.
"The shirt was produced in court, and deposed
"to by the prosecutor."
Richard Wall. I took in pawn a worsted gown from a woman. I cannot say the prisoner is the woman. She pawned it in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Blackman
               



            .
"The gown was produced in court, and
"deposed to by the prosecutor."
Prisoner's Defence.
I asked Mrs. Hall to let me have some money. I wanted to buy a pair of shoes. She said she had missed taking a bill, and could not help me to any money; but said, I might take any thing and pledge that I thought would not be wanted. There was a gown and a shirt of one Parkinson's, who lay down with her that afternoon; she said they would be least wanted. I took them to pledge, and the pawnbroker stopped the things. One of them sent me to the watch-house, and I was taken the next day before the justices. There this poor lady was very ill, and she was near fainting; but the justice forced her to be bound over against me.
Q. To the prosecutor. Did you give her leave to pawn things for you?
Prosecutor. I never did.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


