






113, 114. (M.) 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      FLINT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      MASON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing thirteen quarters of linseed
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Godfrey
                      Thoruton
                  




               
            , Esq
. Dec. 13th
,


                  William
                   Patterson
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  Godfrey
                   Thornton
               



            , I used to employ Flint as a labourer
; he was very industrious, I thought him honest, all the seed that was in the warehouse, that was robbed, was the property of Mr. Thornton.


                  George
                   Featherston Haugh
               



            . I am Clerk to Messrs. Barrow and Smith; Mason came and offered to sell them some linseed, he said he believed there was about seven quarters or there might be more, he asked 30 s. per quarter for it and that being much less than it was worth, I supposed it was stole I agreed for it for 26 shillings.


                  Thomas
                   Smith
               



            . I am a lighterman about the 13th of December, Messrs. Barrow and Smith, sent me for the linseed they had bought of the prisoner, I met the two prisoners at Mill Stairs, according to my directions and they delivered 13 quarters into my lighter. The desired me to give them a note acknowledging the delivery, I asked what name I should put it down in, Smith said his name was Sherrard, they both came afterwards to the compting-house for the money.
- Stokes. I am proprietor of the warehouse, out of which the linseed was stole I lett it to Mr. Thornton. He gave me directions not to let any one but Flint have the key; unless by his or Mr. Paterson's orders in writing; I came home and saw them loading a cast with the linseed, I did not know that Flint was dismissed from Mr. Thornton's service; when they had loaded the cart, Flint locked the warehouse and gave me the key.


                  George
                   Kemp
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Stokes, the two prisoners came to our house, Flint said; they came for some linseed that was in the warehouse, and asked for the key, I delivered them the key.
Mason's Defence.
I was drawn in by Flint.
He called several witnesses who gave him a good character.
Flint called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


