





320. (L. 1st.) 
               
                  Lazarus
                   Levi
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden box, value 6 d. and sixty pounds weight of argoll, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis
                      Hammond
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Daniel
                      Burkett
                  



               
            , Feb. 24
. *


                  Daniel
                   Burkett
               



            . 
               
                  Francis
                   Hammond
               



             is my partner; we are dry-salters

. We live in Cannon-street, No. 3.


 Argoll is the dregs of less of wine. I know nothing of the robbery.


                  William
                   Orchard
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I was up in the warehouse, stowing some goods on the 24th: about six in the evening I came down to the bottom stair; I thought I saw a corner of a box upon a man's back at the warehouse door below. There was nobody in the shop at the time, nor no light; it was dusk. I went and overtook the prisoner in about one hundred yards, with this box of argoll on his shoulder. (Produced and deposed to as the master's property). I had packed it up, in order to be sent into the country. He flung the box down, and I flung him on his back. When I secured him he swore he never saw or touched it.
Joachim Tco'Lewis. I, the prisoner, and two others, went out a stealing what we could get. The prisoner went into that warehouse, and took a box; there was a man with a white coat came and collared him. and we went away. I was tried here and acquitted last session. (See No. 165, by the name of St. Lewis).
Prisoner's Defence.
I have two children that tumble. I went out with them; a gentleman came to me, and said he would give me a shilling to carry that box for him. I was willing to earn a shilling. I took it, and they came and said I had stole it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
