





283. (M. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     Eliz.
                      Richards
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 42 s. and one half guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George
                      Medley
                  




               
            , April 10
. *


                  George
                   Medley
               



            . On the 10th of April I happened to be with an acquaintance; I staid late, and was locked out of my lodging. I met the prisoner in the Strand; she persuaded me to go with her to her lodging; this was about twelve at night. I went with her to the corner of White-hart-yard, by Catharine-street


, up stairs. I had my watch and money in my breeches when I went into the house. I put my watch-chain into my pocket, and felt my half guinea in my pocket, when at the foot of the stairs. I did not pull my clothes off, only my shoes, but lay down on the bed with her. In the morning as soon as I awaked, I missed my watch and money; this was about nine in the morning; she was lying on the bed by me then.
Q. Was you drunk or sober?
Medley. I was a little disguised in liquor; I did not feel her pull my watch away. I awaked her, and taxed her with taking them; she said, she knew nothing of it. I searched the bed, and searched her, but could not find any thing; but the same day I found it pawned at the corner of Half-moon-street. Then I got a warrant and took her up; and before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             she confessed she gave it to 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Little
               



            , to pawn for her.
Eliz. Little. The prisoner called me down to her room door that morning about ten o'clock, and asked me to carry the watch to pawn. She said, a young man had been with her all night, and he had no money; and he had left it with her, and desired she would pawn it for a guinea. I went and pawned it at Mr. Brown's, and gave her the duplicate. (The watch produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.) I think this is the same watch.


                  Richard
                   Blake
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Brown, a pawnbroker. Little brought this watch, and pawned it with me on the 10th of April in the morning.
Prisoner's Defence.
Another woman left this watch in our salt-box; that woman lay along with me. She said, she found it in the bed. She asked Mrs. Little to carry it to pawn; she did, and gave me the duplicate; and the man came in the afternoon, and I gave him the duplicate.
Q. to prosecutor. Was there another woman lay along with the prisoner and you?
Prosecutor. There was none but the prisoner lay along with me.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
