






312, 313. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      WOOD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      SMITH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing twenty-five yards of linen cloth, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Jones
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            , Feb. 13th
. ||


                  Robert
                   Miller
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Jones, a linen-draper
, in Oxford-street, near the Pantheon


: on last Saturday was a week, in the afternoon, about two o'clock, 
               
                  Mary
                   Wood
               



             came into our shop; she had been two or three times to buy a handkerchief; we could not agree; the other prisoner stood by a piece of cloth on the bulk, on the outside of the window; I suspected she was going to take it away; I removed it. A young man called at the shop; I told him I believed there was a thief at the door, and set him to watch; I watched her but she did not take the cloth; Wood bought the handkerchief; and they both went away, and crossed over the way backwards and forwards; then another person (Dignam) came in to speak to me, and we went after the prisoners, and found them in Oxford-street facing the shop.
Q. What had they with them?
Miller. This piece of cloth tied up in a handkerchief.
Q. Who had it?

Miller: Wood.
Q. Whose cloth was that?
Miller. My master's property; there is my mark upon it; I cannot say whether it was taken out of the shop or from the bulk.


                  Richard
                   Dignan
               



            . On Saturday the 13th I had been to Cavendish-square with a letter; I came into the shop; the young man said I believe there has been two shop lifters here; I want you to look for them: I went to a public house and watched them; they did not take any thing, but came away from the shop; I heard Smith say to Wood it will not do, it is removed; afterwards I went over the way, and laid hold of them, and took this cloth from under Wood's cloak, tied up in her handkerchief.
Wood's Defence.
I was going up the road: being a cold day I went to have a pennyworth of gin, at the corner; a man came and delivered this, and said will either of you hold this five minutes, while I go a little way; it was laid down; one would not take it and the other would not take it; it lay on the bench; I waited ten minutes; the man never came back, so I took it up, and by this means it was found upon me. I go out to ironing every day.
Smith's Defence.
I know nothing at all of it.
For Smith.


                  Robert
                   Hunstons
               



            . I know Smith; she was servant with me; she left me about last May: she behaved very well; as honest, and just, as ever I had.


                  Hannah
                   Cooper
               



            . I have known Smith five years: I never heard any other than that she was a sober, honest girl.


                  Dianna
                   Meats
               



            . I have known her five or six years: she is a very honest, just girl; she lived servant with me.
Both 


               guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


