








434, 435, 436, 437. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      M'Donald
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Henry
                      M'Kue
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     George
                      Memory
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William
                      Thacker
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           James
                            M'Kensie
                        




                     
                  , on the 10th of June
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing four silver table-spoons, value 40 s. three silver tea-spoons, value 7 s. one pair of silver tea-tongs, value 7 s. one French plate soup-ladle, value 6 s. one guinea, and one half-guinea, the property of the said M'Kensie, in his dwelling house
            . ++


                  James
               


             M'Kensie. I live in Tottenham-court-road


. At two o'clock on Sunday morning, June 10th, the watchman going his rounds, alarmed us. I got up, and found the lower bolt on the outside parlour window shutter was wrenched off; the upper bolt, which was a very strong one, was broke in two; the window was thrown up, and the inside shutter open; the outside shutter, I am sure, was fastened over night. The closet door was broke in the middle; the bolt of the back parlour was wrenched off, and the street door, which I saw locked, bolted, and chained over night, was open. I missed the goods laid in the indictment; (mentioning them ) some of them were in the closet, and some in a cupboard in the parlour.


                  James
                   Galloway
               



            , a constable, deposed, that on Sunday morning about three o'clock, a watchman called him up, and informed him that a house was broke open in Tottenham-court-road; and that he saw four men come down the road about two o'clock; he went in pursuit with him, and met with M'Kue and M'Donald in Maynard-street, and secured them.


                  John
                   Underwood
               



             *, who called himself a seafaring man, deposed that he met Thacker in Holborn, who asked him to buy some plate of him, and told him, that himself, M'Donald, Memory, and M'Kue, had broke open a house the preceding night; that he went and laid an information at Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's; that on Tuesday morning he went to Bridewell, where M'Donald and M'Kue were; that they told him, Lambeth Reading was gone to his house with the plate; that he afterwards saw Lambeth Reading, and went with him to a pond at the back of White-Conduit-house, where he found the plate; that he stopped it; that Thacker and Memory came to him, and desired him not to let M'Kue and M'Donald have all the money; that they had agreed to come to his lodgings for the money, against which he got proper assistance, and apprehended them.
* See Underwood tried, No. 11, for burglary, No. 234, for receiving stolen goods, and No. 367, for a burglary, all in Mr. Alderman Beckford's second mayoralty.


                  Richard
                   Bond
               



             confirmed the account of taking Memory and Thacker at Underwood's, and said the plate was then on the tale.


                  John
                   Jones
               



            , a constable, confirmed the evidence of Galloway.
Lambeth Reading deposed that M'Donald and M'Kue were committed as being disorderly people, to Clerkenwell Bridewell; that he saw them there; that they directed him to a house, where, under a tile, they had concealed the plate, which they begged him to sell to Underwood, to get them out; that he found it where they, has directed him to, at a house in St. Giles's; that he carried it to a pond near White-conduit-house, where he concealed it. He said that he had no acquaintance with the prisoners, but had been in their company.
M'Donald's Defence.
I know nothing at all of the plate.
M'Kue's Defence.
I did not know I should be called upon so soon.
Memory said in his defence, that Underwood took them to his house to give them some victuals; that Underwood took the plate out of his pocket; that then he went out of the room directly, and the man came and took him into custody; that he worked for the brick-makers.
Thacker said in his defence, it was a pity the court should take such a man's word as Underwood's. He called 
               
                  Alice
                   Lee
               



             and 
               
                  James
                   Smith
               



            , who gave him a good character.
All four 


               guilty of stealing, but acquitted of the burglary
            , 





               T
            .
See Memory tried for a burglary, No. 100, in Mr. Alderman Turner's mayoralty.
