





405. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Cane
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth great coat, value 20 s. a cloth surtout coat, value 5 s. one other cloth coat, value 5 s. a thickset coat, value 3 s. a man's hat, value 2 s. and two shirts, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Riley
                  




               
            , May 31
. ++


                  Charles
                   Riley
               



            . I live servant
 with Mr. Clark in Dover-street


: I lost the things laid in the indictment last Tuesday or Wednesday; I missed them on the Wednesday morning about nine o'clock: the shirts were in a bag, and the clothes hanging up upon pegs. The prisoner used to be about our yard. He was employed, sometimes by one, and sometimes by another.
Q. Was the stable door locked?


                  Riley
               


             I cannot say whether it was or not.
Q. Have you ever found any of the things again?
Riley. I found them again on the Thursday at Justice Welch's.


                  Salomon
                   Barnford
               



            . I am a beadle. On the Wednesday morning, about three o'clock, I was at the King's Head in Monmouth-street. The prisoner came in with a bundle of clothes. I said, You must go and get somebody to prove that these be yours. He went away, and never returned. Then I took them to Justice Welch's; there are four coats. He was taken the next morning with the shirts and hat.


                  Arthur
                   Carter
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner, about half an hour after three in the morning, coming down Tatenham-court road; he had a laced hat on under his own. He passed me, and looked over his shoulder at me: there was another watchman at the end of Clarges-street; he gave his rattle a sort of a crack; I turned; he said, That is your mark: then I went after the prisoner, and stopped him, and took the hat from his head, and said, This hat belongs to some stable. I asked him where he was going; he said to some great building at some fair, but I did not know where. I searched him, and found a shirt in each pocket. (The things produced and deposed to).
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing about the clothes.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
