





9. (M.) 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      ALLWRIGHT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William
                         Edmead
                     



                  , on the 13th of October, about the hour of twelve in the night, and stealing two pair of leather boots, value 10 s. a cloth great coat, value 20 s. a pair of spurs plated with silver, value 10 d. a pair of shoe buckles plated with silver, value 2 s. and a pair of linen shoes, value 10 d. the property of 
                     
                        William
                         Edmead
                     



                  , four linen shirts, value 10 s. a muslin neckloth, value 10 d. a linen handkerchief, value 6 d. a pair of leather pumps, value 10 d. two pair of worsted stockings, value 10 d. and a tin box, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel
                            Gurney
                        



                     
                  , and one silver watch, value 20 s the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard
                            Hoome
                        



                     
                  , in the said dwelling house
            , Oct. 13
. +


                     William
                      Edmead
                  



               
            . I am a farmer
 at Staines


: my mother called me down about twelve at night on the 13th of October, and told me, that she thought she heard somebody in the kitchen; I went upon the stairs and listened; I heard a rapping in the kitchen; then I went and put my breeches and frock on; I called my men up, and went with my gun into the kitchen; I found the kitchen door that leads into the yard unlocked and unbolted; it was only shut to; we searched the kitchen but did not find any person there; going into the cellar there is a dark window, the casement was taken out, and there was a pick ax and iron bar by the window; we could not find any body in the house. I looked about and missed a pair of boots, a great coat, and a pair of spurs from the kitchen; the buckles were taken from a cupboard at the stair head; the great coat, the boots and shoes were found next morning in a field at the back of the house. The prisoner had lived with me; I suspected him, and sent two men in search of him, and about seven o'clock they found the prisoner in one of my out houses; he was brought in to me; I asked him what he had done with my spurs; he took them and my buckles out of his pocket.
Q. How did he behave in your service?
Edmead. He was a plough boy
; he behaved well enough; he received but little from me, and not working for his living made me suspect him. He also took out of his pocket a tin box, a watch, a shirt, a handkerchief and a neckcloth, and laid them on the table, and said he had left the other things at Colebrook.
Q. Was the house fastened over night?
Edmead. I went to bed at ten at night.
Q. Was every thing safe then?
Edmead. As far as I know.


                  Samuel
                   Gurney
               



             and 
               
                  Richard
                   Horme
               



            , deposed that they severally lost the things mentioned in the indictment of theirs, out of the house of the prosecutor, part of which were found upon the prisoner, which were produced and deposed to by Gurney and Horme.
Prisoner's Defence.
I having nothing to say.




               Guilty of stealing but not of the burglary
            . 


               T
            .
