






469, 470. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      ALLIES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      MINCE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing twenty-seven watch movements, value 40 s. two watches with silver boxes, value 40 s. six silver watch boxes, value 30 s. two pair of Dresden ruffles, value 30 s. a mahogany tea chest, value 4 s. six silver tea spoons, value 10 s. and ten linen shirts, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Vandamme
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said William
            , May 19th
. +


                  William
                   Vandamme
               



            . I live in Hog-lane, Crown street


, as they call it, Soho


; at the time the things were lost that are mentioned in the indictment, I was abroad; I heard of it when I came home; I found some of the shirts myself at a pawnbroker's; he is here. The lock of the door was broke, and three of the locks of the bureau appeared to have been opened. with a pick lock; I missed all the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them.)
Gerrard de Costa. I have a room in the same house with Mr. Vandamme: our rooms are both up one pair of stairs. On the 19th of May, the day the robbery was committed, I locked my door, and went out about one o'clock at noon; I returned about three-quarters after eight in the evening; I went up stairs, and found Mr. Vandamme's door open; I went in and found the bureau open, and all the things mentioned in the indictment were taken out; I saw them all in the drawers at noon; I found a gold ring in the room the next day: I had the care of the movements.
Vandamme. I left London the 26th of April; I left a drawer open which Mr. de Costa had access to; he was to give the work out to the men; I cannot say how many shirts I lost; I am sure there were ten in the second drawer. Two pair of Dresden ruffles had been offered to a pawnbroker. but he would not take them in. I found three shirts at Mr. Macklin's. Henshaw knows all about it; he is a watch-finisher, and works for me.


                  John
                   Dixon
               



            . This watch (producing it) I found upon Allies when I took him; the maker's name has been erased out, and 
               
                  John
                   Allies
               



             engraved upon it.


                  William
                   Bailey
               



            . The watch was brought to me by 
               
                  Lawrence
                   Notley
               



            , who is brother-in-law to Allies; I took out the name Anderson, and the letter R, and put in Allies; the number before was 1449; I took out part of the four, and let it stand as a one.


                  Isaac
                   Henshaw
               



            . I live in Mr. Vandamme's house: I give work out, and take it in in his absence: I am a watch finisher. On the 26th of April, Mr. Vandamme went to the movement-maker's, and brought home a dozen and a half of movements; he put them in the upper drawer of the bureau; I had an order to receive three dozen in his absence; I received two dozen and eleven; one was sent to the case-maker's, to have a case made to it; Mr. Vandamme desired what I did not send to the workmen to put in the drawer of the bureau; I put in eleven, and there were eighteen there before; I took one out; twenty-seven were taken away, and one left; the watch produced is my finishing. My room is up three pair of stairs. Mr. de Costa brought six boxes up to me the night before, the 18th of May, and asked me if I wanted them; I bid him put them in a drawer in the bureau. Upon his cross examination he said the robbery was committed on the 19th of May, that some of the things were brought home the 26th of April, that he saw them on the 15th of May, and that Allies was taken, and the watch found upon him the 13th of June.


                  James
                   Sedgwick
               



            . I am a watchmaker: I had these seven movements (producing them) of Mince; I had known him some time; I looked upon him to be a very honest man. I bought them the 24th of May, and they remained as they are in the drawer, till the 10th of June, and then hearing the prosecutor was robbed of watch movements, I enquired who was the maker of them, and was told one Ryland; seeing R upon them, it struck me; I went and informed the prosecutor of it; he said he believed they were part of his; Mince has done work for me; he said he took them for work he had done.


                  Anthony
                   Harrop
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Ryland: these movements are great part of them my own work; they were made for the prosecutor: they are sunk frames; we make none of that sort for any person but Mr. Vandamme; they are for exportation.


                  William
                   Seymour
               



            . I have thirteen movements I bought of Mince, the prisoner, the 21st of May. He has worked for me fourteen or fifteen years: he always acted just and upright.
Prosecutor. You told me you knew they were stole when you bought them.
Seymour. I never said any such thing.
Harrop. They are my own work; I picked them out of a great many more.
Seymour. I bought them on Saturday, and took them to pieces on Monday.


                  Allen
                   Macklin
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I have three shirts (producing them); one I received of Mince, the prisoner, on the 13th of June; two were brought by a woman in the name of 
               
                  Ann
                   Mince
               



            ; I suppose by the number in my book, about an hour after. Mince had been on the Saturday before to pawn a shirt for one shilling and sixpence; he talked a good while; I took notice of him, and am sure he is the man that brought this shirt.
Prosecutor. The mark is taken out, but it is Holland's; it is easily to be known; I have them made abroad; they are a particular linen, I can positively swear to it.


                  Lawrence
                   Notley
               



            . The prisoner Allies brought me a watch to be rectified; I carried it to Mr. Bailey; Allies came two days after, and asked if it was done; I said, no; he asked if it would be much expence to have his own name engraved upon it; I said I believed not, and then I desired Mr. Bailey to engrave his name upon it; I did not receive the watch from Mr. Bailey again; he delivered it to Allies; I have a watch movement, but I have it not with me.


                  John
                   Ernest
               



            . On the 19th of May, as I was coming from work, between seven and eight in the evening, I saw three men at Mr. Vandamme's door; two stood on the middle step, and one leaning his shoulder against the window; I am sure the prisoners are two of the men.
Allies's Defence.
I bought the watch of a Jew at one Mr. Deadman's house.
Mince's Defence.
The things I had I bought in trust for some work I did; one Mr. Chambers will prove it, who saw me buy them.
For Mince.


                  Frances
                   Warren
               



            . I have known Mince about a twelve-month: I go a washing.
Q. Do you know any thing of his buying any shirts?
Warren. I know of his wife buying three or four in Rag Fair, old ones; I believe I should know them again.
Q. When was it she bought them?
Warren. About three or four weeks ago.
Q. It is common for poor people to buy second hand linen there I believe?
Warren. Yes. (A shirt shewn her). This is one of the shirts, but there is another got two pieces on the shoulder.
Q. How do you know this shirt is one?
Warren. Because the wristbands are newer than the shirt; she took off the wristbands that were very bad, and put those new wristbands on.
Court. Are the wristbands the same cloth as the shirt?
Warren. No.
Prosecutor. The shirt was wristbanded in October last.
Q. Pray be a little certain about the time it was bought.
Warren. I cannot.
Prosecutor. I am sure it was my linen, and in the state it was in when in my possession.
Q. Did you see the prisoner's wife put the wristbands on?
Warren. No; I saw her making the wristbands to put on one of the shirts; I cannot be positive it is this shirt.
- Curmelian. I am a watch-case maker: I know Mince.
Q. Do you know where he was on the 19th of May last?
Curmelian. I cannot be positive.
Q. to Ernest. Are you sure you saw both the prisoners at the door?
Ernest. It is hard to swear to persons; I did not stop to look at them.
Both 


               guilty of stealing to the value of 39 s
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


