





132. (L.) 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      GOLDING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 20 s. a pair of spectacles, value 2 d. and a fish-skin spectacle-case, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan
                      Thompson
                  




               
            , Dec. 22
. ++


                  Jonathan
                   Thompson
               



            . I am a pensioner at Greenwich-college
. On the 22d of December between five and six in the evening, I was coming from High Holborn, and two men and a boy followed me, and asked me where I was going; I said, to Greenwich; I had drank a little; after that, I said I would go to Green-bank, Wapping; the prisoner said, it is a long way, you had better ride. I said, I had no money to ride, and I knew what it was o'clock; he asked me if I had got a watch; I said yes; I took it out and he snatched it out of my hand. I do not know how he got the spectacles. I had them in my coat pocket.


                  Josiah
                   Whitney
               



            . I was a going from my house on Saffron-hill down to Holborn; on this side Fetter-lane, I saw something lying in the channel; I saw it was a man, and spoke to him; and he said, drunk, very drunk! that was all he said. I said you lie in a shocking manner; I asked two young men to help him on the causeway, that he might not be exposed to the carts. As I came back at Bartler's buildings I saw the person reared up between the prisoner, another man, and a boy; one said you had better take a coach, and repeated it; the old man said, no; I will walk. I heard the old man say, you say I have no watch; I have a watch. I went away. I had not gone far before it struck in my mind, I don't know what these fellows have in view. I went back; I saw the prisoner snatch something out of his hand and run off; I ran after him, he turned round, and I took him by the collar; he lifted up his hand that had the watch in it; I got a constable, and he was taken to the Counter. I gave the watch to the constable. (The watch produced and deposed to.)
- Greenwood. I am the constable; I took the prisoner to the Counter, and searched him. I found the spectacles in his coat pocket. (The spectacles produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going up Holborn. I found that man quite drunk; he asked me to go home with him as far as Wapping; he gave me the watch as a security for paying the coach, as I was to take him home, so I had it in my hand.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
