





7. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth, the wife
 of 
                     
                        William
                         Brown
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one half pint silver mug, one silver table-spoon, one pair of silver tea-tongs, one plain gold ring, one stone ring set in gold, one stone ear-ring set in silver, one stone stock-buckle set in silver, one black silk night-gown, two cotton gowns, one dimity petticoat, four linen aprons, one pair of silk stockings, one pair of cotton stockings, six linen handkerchiefs, one silk handkerchief, two gauze caps, two linen caps, one net hood one white net lappet, one hair lappet, one linen shift, one black hat trimmed with black lace, one black silk cloak trimmed with black lace, the property of 
                     
                        William
                         Wheeler
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Jacob
                         Owen
                     



, October 25
.



                     William
                      Wheeler
                  




               
            . I lodge at the house of 
               
                  David
                   Owen
               



             in Bury-street, St. James's


. I am a cook
. On the twenty-fifth of October, my wife and I went out, and left the prisoner in our apartments. She had been with me a month. We took her out of charity. We went out about six in the evening, and came home between eleven and twelve. We expected to find the prisoner at home. She was gone. We looked round, and missed the half pint mug, and several things. Next morning I made information before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            . My wife and another woman found her next day, and brought her to me in the evening. She had on then my wife's cloak, hat, and gown. Then I took her to Sir John's. We had her examined. A pair of tea-tongs were found upon her. She delivered up that night the ring and stone shoe buckle. Besides the things, she had on her a black silk that and cloak. We took her to St. Catharine's next day, because she had said over night that the remainder of the things were at her lodgings in St. Catharine's Lane, and that she had sold the place to a silver-smith in the Minories. We went to the cook's shop where she had taken a lodging, and found all the things in the indictment (mentioning them) except the mug and spoon she had sold to the silver-smith. She had taken the black silk gown to pieces. Then we went to the silversmith's. He produced the mug and spoons he had bought of her.
Mrs. - Wheeler. I can say no more than what my husband has said. (The goods produced and deposed to.) She had the hat, cloak, and gown on. The rest of the things we found at her lodgings. We found her at a public house. I asked her how she could serve me so. She cried.


                  William
                   Taylor
               



            . I am the constable. I was at the Brown Bear, Bow-street, when the prosecutor brought in the prisoner. She said all the rest of the things were in her lodgings, but the mug and spoons, which she said she had sold.


                  James
                   Peacock
               



            . I am a silver-smith, and live in the Minories. [produces a silver mug and spoon.] I bought these of a woman the twenty-sixth of October. I don't know her person; she had a hat over her face. I gave her 5 s. an ounce for them. She said she was in distress; and was obliged to sell them. I had no suspicion of her.
Q. So all is bought that comes to the shop?
Peacock. No; I give a fair price, and don't buy if I suspect.
Court. You should enquire of people that offer things to sale. It is the facility with which people dispose of stolen goods that encourages them to steal.
Prisoner's Defence.
It is as they have said.




               Guilty. 39 s.
            



               T
            .
