





389. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William
                      West
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               cutting, ripping and stealing 50 lb. of lead, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Roger
                            Altham
                        




                     
                  , Esq
; being affixed to the coach house of the said Roger
            , April 23
. ++
- Carpenter. I was one that was set to watch the lead on April 23, as Mr. Altham had lost some lead the night before: the prisoner came up to the pails where we were watching, and made a great noise by thumping and crying halloo; at last he came over the pails, which are about 7 foot high, and went towards a summer-house of Mr. Altham's; then he went with a bundle towards the pails; then he went back again, making the same noise as he did before; he came the third time with a bag, when he had got within a yard or two of the pond, we seized him; he had a bag under his arm, and a stone; after we had taken him, we examined a bundle which he had hung upon the pails, and it contained 50 lb. of lead; we took it next day to Mr. Altham's coach-house, and it matched the place where the lead was taken from: we concluded that the person that stole the lead the night before, had concealed it in the pond as there seemed to be a signal where they might find it again.


                  Patrick
                   Waters
               



             who was set to watch with Carpenter confirmed his evidence.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am ignorant of the charge; they said other people had passed-over these fields besides me; they are in a combination to take away my life. I am a porter. I went out as far as Wetston with a waggon. I went into this field supposing there was a path that went across the road, a milk-man told me there was. I was coming back again when these people took hold of me.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
