






683. 684. (M) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      SMITH
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      WOOD
                  , otherwise 
JOHNSON, otherwise 
SMITH




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver sugar-basket, value 40 s. one silver teapot, value 20 s. one pair of silver salts, value 10 s. two silver salt-spoons, value 2 s. four silver table-spoons, value 20 s. one silver pint mug, value 40 s. a pair of stone sleeve-buttons set in gold, value 5 s. a rose diamond ring set in gold, value 20 s. one small wooden box, value 1 d. one white sattin cloak, value 20 s. one muslin laced handkerchief, value 5 s. two pieces of chocolate, value 1 s. and thirteen guineas in money numbered
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Martha
                      Wish
                  




               
            , widow
, August 2
. ++.


                  Martha
                   Wish
               



            . I use Covent-garden market. On the 1st of September I went to market about five in the morning; I saw Wood there; when I went home I found I had been robbed; the street door lock was picked, and the parlour door broke open. I lost a box out of the parlour with thirteen or fourteen pounds in it; I missed the plate out of my bed-room, and the rest of the things mentioned in the indictment. I suspected the prisoner. As I stood at the door the prisoner, Smith, came by; I charged him with robbing me; some of the neighbours came and searched him, but found nothing upon him.
Isabella Shields was called to prove that the prisoner, Wood, was seen about the house, about the time the fact was committed, but she only saw her go into the other prisoner's cellar.


                  Charles
                   Christopher
               



            . I saw the prisoner, Wood, pass and repass Mrs. Wish's door.



                  Joseph
                   Sims
               



            . I am one of Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's men; I had this woman in custody to carry to prison; in the way she sold a pair of buttons to one Mr. Trip, and had a shilling in part of payment. I and Stephens searched a cellar which she went into, and there we found a parcel of pick-lock keys, a fork, and some chocolate; one of these pick-lock keys opens Mrs. Wish's street door.
Joh Trip. These buttons (producing a pair of gold buttons) were brought to me by the prisoner, Wood, along with Sims; first she said she found them; then that she had had them seven years. Sims desired me to let her have a shilling on them, as she was going to prison without a farthing; the buttons had the stones knocked out.
Mrs. Wish deposed to the buttons and chocolate.
Mrs. Farrell deposed, that she gave the prosecutor this chocolate, and knows the mark upon it.
- Kelly. I first apprehended Smith, and asked him where he lodged; he said he would show me, and carried me to this cellar: we searched there, but found nothing; I took him to Sir John's.
- Stevens. I was present when the things were found in the cellar; the keys and chocolate were found.
Smith's Defence.
I know no more of it than the child unborn.
Wood's Defence.
I know no more of it than I do of the day I shall die; I found the buttons at the playhouse door, and an eighteen shilling piece, four or five years ago.
Wood called one witness to her character, 
               
                  John
                   Jones
               



            , who sells fish; he says he has worked with her, that she is an industrious woman, has always tried to get a shilling; but he could not say any thing to her character.
SMITH 

               Acquitted
            .
WOOD 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
