





284. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      MANN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three pewter pint pots, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Tett
                  




               
            , March 17
. *


                  Joseph
                   Tett
               



            . I keep the King's Arms, Oxford-street




. The pots were taken away from one Baddeley, a shoe-maker's door, between six and seven in the evening; afterwards they were brought in, and the prisoner charged with having taken them; he pretended he had gathered them up for the man at the Crown.
Knight Turtle. I am clerk to a timber yard next door to the Pantheon: our maid observed the prisoner loitering about, and informed me of it; we agreed to watch him; at last I saw him take the three pint pots; the maid and I followed him as far as Brook-street; there he made a short turn to go between some coaches, and made back again for Oxford-street; we followed him still on till we came to the next door, to Mr. Tett's. On asking him what he had in his bag, in his apron, he said some pint pots he was going to take to the Crown; that was not the way to the Crown, nor did the pots belong there; upon that he was taken and carried to Tett's.


                  Hannah
                   Fox
               



            . I am the maid servant: I saw the prisoner loitering about the door; I had a suspicion that he was about something he ought not; it being the great road there was such a number of passengers he could not find an opportunity very soon of doing it; I told my fellow servant of it, and we watched him; we saw him take the pint pots off the ground, and whip them into his apron; we followed him; when we came up to him I bid my fellow servant lay hold of him; he bid me; I said Knight you had better take hold of him; he said no, do you; at last I took hold of him; I said, hollow, my lad, what have you got in your apron; I opened his apron and saw some straw. I thought he might want some straw to put into a cradle or something.
Prisoner's Defence.
Going up Oxford-road I saw four pots stand in the footway; I took them up with intent to carry them to the next publick house; I looked at the inscription on them under a lamp, but could not discern whose they were.
Q. to Fox. Did he take them off the ground?
Fox. No; they were against the side of the wall; he looked round to see if there was any body coming up the passage; then he put them in his apron: the pots were standing quiet enough.
The prisoner called several witnesses, who gave him a go od character.




               Guilty of stealing to the value of 10 d.
            



               W
            .
