





406. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Browning
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of hand screws, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Clark
                  




               
            , May 25
. ++


                  Joseph
                   Clark
               



            . I live in the parish of St. John's, Wapping


: my servant acquainted me there was a pair of screws missing, which were seen over night: after that I heard the prisoner was apprehended, and in our watch-house, and had a pair of screws in his possession. I went and looked at them, and found them to be my own. I have seen the prisoner pass my yard two or three times. I asked him if the screws were his property; he said he found them about three quarters of a mile from my house.


                  Edmund
                   Domony
               



            . I saw the prisoner come past Wapping Old-stairs, between four and five that morning, the 25th of May. He had something on his shoulder; two men came with him; one had something on his head, between twelve and one. I said, This is the man that went past here in the morning between four and five, with something on his shoulder. I said he has been taking iron rails from somebody's door: he said what business was that of mine; I said I insisted on seeing what he had got: there was these screws. I stopped him, and the prosecutor came and owned them.



                  John
                   Pecket
               



            . The screws are the property of Mr. Clark. (Produced and deposed to).
Prisoner's Defence. 
Justice Sherwood committed me. I desired to be admitted an evidence. I could make something known, but I am not guilty of this.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
