






455, 456. (L) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      FORSTER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      ROSSITER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing one sattin cloak, value 10 s. one linen handkerchief, value 10 d. and 9 d. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret
                      Bowden
                  




               
            , widow, June 9
. ++


                  Margaret
                   Bowden
               



            . On the 19th of June, at twelve at night, I was going to my lodging in Wantworth street, there were three women met me, and asked me to treat them; the two prisoners were two of them; I said I did not know what they meant; they said they would have some money; they knocked me down and took 9 d. and a pocket handkerchief out of my pocket, and two held me while one ran away with my cloak. The prisoners were taken immediately by the watchman and constable.



                  Richard
                   Showles
               



            . I am a watchman: as I was going my round at one o'clock, I heard an outcry; I turned about and saw the prosecutrix standing, and one of her hands bleeding; I asked what was the matter; she said she had been robbed of her cloak by some women; I asked if she should know them again; she said yes; I took to the other side of Petticoat-lane, where there were several women standing; she picked out Forster, and said she was one that had robbed her; I sent her to the watch house. Rossiter and the cloak were brought to the watch-house afterwards by some other people.


                  Isaac
                   Samuel
               



            . I am a constable: the prosecutrix described Rossiter, and said she laid hold of her throat with one hand, and held her round the body with the other, while the other searched her and then threw her down, and the other ran away with her cloak. Some little time after a man brought the cloak, and asked if a woman had not lost a cloak; I detained him; he told me where Rossiter was, and she was taken.
Q. from Forster. Whether she ever said she was robbed of a handkerchief and 9 d?
Showles. She said nothing about 9 d. when she came to the watch-house.
Q. from Forster. Did not the men take the 9 d. from you for garnish money?
Prosecutrix. When they took me to the Compter they took my pockets off; I had but 3 d. in my pocket then, and they took it from me.
Forster's Defence.
I know nothing of it. Rossiter found a cloak and sent it directly to the watch-house by a man.
Rossiter's Defence.
There were a parcel of girls at the top of Petticoat-lane; the prosecutrix came by, and they asked her to treat them, and she said she had no money, but she would treat two of them, and the rest came up, and said she should treat them, and there began a fight; I lost my cloak and took up her's in the room of it, and when I found my mistake I sent it to her.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
