





389. (L) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      CHALKLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury, in the evidence he gave upon the trial of 
                     
                        Davis
                         Burdet
                     



                  , and Clarke
            , at the last session, at the Old Bailey


. ++ See No. 191 last session


                  Edward
                   Brown
               



            . I was the prosecutor of 
               
                  Davis
                   Burdet
               



             and Clarke, the last sessions, for robbing me on the highway. The prisoner, who was also concerned in that robbery, was admitted an evidence for the crown. In the evidence he gave in court, he positively swore that Burdet was not in company with them, when the robbery was committed. I am positive Burdet was one of the persons that robbed me.


                  John
                   Marsom
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Gurney. I was in court when the prisoner gave evidence upon the trial of Davis, Burdet and Clarke; but his evidence was taken down by Mr. Gurney.
Q. Is Mr. Gurney here?
Marsom. No, he is taking down the arguments on an appeal in the House of Lords: but I remember perfectly, without refering to Mr. Gurney's notes, that the prisoner swore, that, neither Davis nor Burdet, were in the robbery.


                  Nicholas
                   Bond
               



            . I am Clerk to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            . This information, (producing it) I took down from the prisoner's mouth, after he was sworn an evidence for the crown; it was read over to him, and he signed it.
"The information was read in court, in which he says; -
"That Burdet, Clarke,
"Davis, and himself, robbed the prosecutor
"of a metal watch, &c. and the Burdet sold
"the watch."
Prisoner's Defence.
I spoke the truth when I was here, but when I was first taken up, I could not say the particulars of every thing. I spoke the truth as far as I could.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
