





187. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH
                      BROWNING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Simons
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Waters
                        



                     
                  , on the 28th of January
, about the hour of two in the night, and stealing an iron anvil, faced with steel, value fifty shillings; an iron mandrill, value one shilling, and a tin pot, value one shilling, the property of the said John and Thomas, in their dwelling-house
            .


                  John
                   Simons
               



            . I am a white smith

 in Charter-house square, Smithfield


, in partnership

 with 
               
                  Thomas
                   Waters
               



            ; the house is our joint property; it was broke open on the 28th of January last; my bed-chamber is over the shop, I worked in the shop till about 12 at night; I examined and found all safe when I went to bed; when I got up about four in the morning, I found the shop window which was fastened with two bolts, broke open, the wood work was tore to pieces; I missed an iron anvil, and a tin pot that belonged to 
               
                  Edward
                   Durant
               



            . The prisoner was taken up upon another charge; I went to a house which I was told was Browning's, and there I found my tin pot and my mandril. I know the tin pot by having scraped it the night before, in order to sodder it, and I know the mandril by a crack at the top; this was on the 5th of February; the anvil was found two days afterwards in a ruinous place about 20 yards from the prisoner's dwelling-house; there is the name R. Hill upon the anvil, and on the other side the weight, 3 quarters 24 pound; besides these things which were missing I found an ax, on the outside of my shop near my window.


                  Thomas
                   Downs
               



            . These things were found in the prisoner's house in a little cupboard; the family consists of the prisoner's wife and a lad.
Richard Green. The prisoner married my mother, I live with him.
[Looks at the ax the prosecutor found under his window.]
I have seen this ax a great while ago in my father's house, it belongs to him, it was new ground, us this appears to be.


                  Edward
                   Durant
               



            . I carried the kettle to the prosecutor the night before his house was broke open, in order to have it mended.


                  Richard
                   Browning
               



            . I am brother to the prosecutor, he called me up at six in the morning, his house was robbed. I went to his house and saw an anvil there, I cannot be positive that this is it.
Q. to Simons. Could not this man when he was in the shop, have got into the house, if he had been so minded.
Simons. Yes, he could.
Prisoner's Defence:
I cannot say a great deal, I did not break open the house; where I found the anvil, there was no place but the sky, no ceiling. I think it is very hard that two poor men should have been taken up for this affair, who are quite innocent.




               Not guilty of the burglary, but Guilty of stealing the goods to the value of 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


