





490. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth, the wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas, Clemenshaw





            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linen jam, value 1 s. one linen pin cloth, value 6 d. and one blue silk cap and feather, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Hill
                  




               
            , June 25
.


                  Mary
                   Hill
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William
                   Hill
               



            ; we live in Farthing-street, Spital-fields


: I make jams and frocks: on the twenty-fifth of June, I had made a frocks for one Mrs. Warburton, in Shoreditch; about half an hour past seven in the evening I was shewing the jam to Mrs. Warburton; while I was doing so my child was got out of the door, and was taken away; I searched after the child: I went as far as Shoreditch church, and Holywell-lane; the third time I went, I met the prisoner at the corner of New Inn yard with my child's cap in her hand; I took hold of her arm, and desired to know where my child was; she said her husband had carried it home; seeing something in her apron, I opened it, and there I found the jam and pincloth.


                  Mary
                   Woolridge
               



            . I went with the prosecutrix in search of the child; I opened the prisoner's apron, and found the things; she said at that time she found them; a mob came about the prisoner; she went down upon her knees, and begged to be forgiven.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a young woman just come out of the country; I came up with my husband: I have no friends: my husband was arrested, and carried into the Savoy as soon as we came up, as a deserter. It is my first offence.




               Guilty. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


