





607. (M.) 
               
                  ELizabeth
                   Welch
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two pieces of lace, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Bradshaw
                  




               
            , July 25th
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Bradshaw
               



            . I am a haberdasher
, and live in Charles-street, Covent Garden


. On the 25th of July I came down to send my boy into the city; I found him serving the prisoner at the bar. I went to serve her with some lace. She had a yard and quarter cut off, and another piece about two yards and a half; and after that she wanted some ribbons; I saw her fling the lace on the ground, between her and the counter. I came back and shewed her the ribbons, which she liked very well; she wanted to know what it came to. I measured it, and said it come to 39 s. She wanted to go out to get some more money. I suspected she had concealed this lace; she had stooped with a pretence to tie her garter. I wanted her to pay for the lace I had cut off. My wife came round the counter and said to her, you don't want to buy lace, for you have a piece under your arm; and as soon as she had taken that from her, I took hold of her arm, and said I believe you have some lace about you, and desired to search her. She would not let me; but said she had no more. I sent the boy for the constable, and when she saw him, she said she would give me what she had if I would not let the constable in; then she pulled this card out. The constable went away. I desired to search her; she would not let me. I then told her I would send for the constable again. I sent for him, and went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's but found no more.
(The lace produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I am very innocent; I know nothing of it; they were found beside the counter; because I would not pay for the lace they had cut off, they charged me with the robbery. I had a guinea and a half in my pocket; he said before the constable came in, he would have me taken before the justice; I said it was only spite, because I would not have the two yards and a half that were cut off for me. It is very hard I should be so long in confinement, and innocent-in the affair. I buy and sell clothes.
For the Prisoner.
- Wilks. I have known the prisoner at the bar a year, and a half? she has an extraordinary good character.
- Locke. I have known the prisoner a twelvemonth, she bears a good character.


                  Elizabeth
                   Roads
               



            . I have known her three or four years; I live in Russel-street, Bloomsbury. She has an extraordinary good character.


                  Jonathan
                   Chapalo
               



            . I have known her for some considerable time; I have some dealings with her; I never knew any ill of her. I keep a slop shop.
- Mills. I live at Saffron-hill; I have known her three years. I never knew any thing of her, but that she was very honest.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
