





446. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William
                      Staines
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Gilbert
                            Jodderell
                        




                     
                  , Esq
; on the 5th of June
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing a washing copper, value 10 s. one copper saucepan, value 6 d. one leg of mutton, value 1 s. one pike fish, seven pounds of butter, value 3 s. two clasp knives, value 2 d. and one pewter plate, value 6 d. the property of the said 
                     
                        Gilbert
                         Jodderell
                     



                  , in his dwelling house
            . +


                  John
                   Jenkins
               



            . I am a watchman. After we had called the hour of three o'clock, three of us went round a garden at the back part of Ormond-street, and we found the things mentioned in the indictment, all but the plate, upon the garden-wall, which is about five or six feet high; we saw two men, one in the fields, and one in the garden; he in the fields ran, and a watchman pursued him; I got over the garden-wall, and took the prisoner. I rang my rattle and got assistance, and so secured him. It was in the next garden to Mr. Jodderell's that I took him. We found in his pocket this pewter plate doubled together.


                  John
                   Turnpenny
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to me by the watchmen; we took this plate out of his pocket. Mr. Jodderell's maid came next morning, and said it was her master's property.


                  George
                   Bradshaw
               



            , a watchman, confirmed his account.


                  Jane
                   Marshall
               



            . I am house-maid to Mr. Jodderell; the family were out of town; the things lost were in a wash-house in the yard; the copper was fastened in brick work, and it was pulled out. I know the things to be my master's property; the wash-house door did not use to be locked.


                  Philip
                   Stanford
               



            , one of Mr. Jodderell's butlers, swore the plate was his master's property.
The prisoner's defence was, that he had been drinking, and lay down in the fields to sleep, and finding the grass wet, he got over the wall into the garden; that he bought the plate and a waistcoat of an old clothes man. He called two men, who gave him a good character.




               Guilty of stealing, but acquitted of the burglary
            , 


               T
            .
