







87. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      READ
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of linen sheets, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Lambert
                  



               
            , October the 30th

. *



               Acquitted
            .
He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing one pair of linen sheets, value 19 s. shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Roger
                      Jones
                  



               
            , Oct. 30

. *


                  Roger
                   Jones
               



            . I have lost fifty-pounds worth of goods at the fire in Old-street

, and among other things I lost a pair of sheets. I received information that these sheets had been carried to the lodgings of 
               
                  Ann
                   Walter
               



            , who is sister to the prisoner's wife; I went there, it is a public-house in Holborn; and there in her room in a box I found these sheets, produced and deposed to.


                  Ann
                   Walter
               



            . I am sister to the prisoner's wife. I went to them when they sent for me, the day after the fire; nothing passed then; I went again a week after, then the sister in the presence of the prisoner, and at his desire, delivered to me this pair of sheets; I carried them home; they were taken out of a drawer, and were wrapped in a little cloth; the prisoner himself accompanied me part of the way home, when Mr. Jones came and found these things in my box. I delivered the box and sheets to him and the constable.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not see these sheets; I was not in the room. I knew nothing of the sheets. I do not know my own sheets when I see them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
