





367. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Peddington
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of Leather shoes, value 5 s. one pair of stockings, value 4 d. one silk handkerchief, value 4 d. and one cloth waistcoat, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Greenfield
                  




               
            , April 16
. ++


                  John
                   Cooper
               



            . I live at Hackney


. The prisoner was my fellow servant
 a few weeks, then he was turned away, he lay with me two or three nights. I did not miss any of my things till he was taken up on the 19th of April, then he owned it, it was on the 16th that he left me and took the things; when he was taken I examined my box, it was open; the loop where the bolt of the lock goes through was broke off. I missed a pair of black stockings and a silk handkerchief. I lost my shoes out of the coach when he lay in the hay lost, Greenfield's waistcoat was taken out of the same room. I missed the shoes the next day, before he was taken; I went to the place where he said he sold them all, and I saw some which I thought were mine; he said he opened the box with a bayonet, and took out the things; he said he had sold them to one 
               
                  Mary
                   White
               



             in Shoreditch; I asked him for my shoes, he said he had sold them at the same place, but he had not. I never got any of my things again. When we were before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , the woman was to come again, and she went away and left my box locked.


                  Richard
                   Greenfield
               



            . I lodge in the same house. I lost a waistcoat out of the same room; the prisoner owned he took it, and sold it to an old cloaths-man in the street.


                  Charles
                   Baker
               



            . I heard him own taking all the things the night he was taken up.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am not guilty.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
