








451, 452, 453. (M) 
               
                  MARGARET
                   WILSON
               



            , 
               
                  
                     ROSE
                      DALEY
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      AVERY
                  



               
            , were indicted; the two first, for 


               stealing a silver watch, value three pounds
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Lund
                  



               
            : and the other for 


               receiving the above watch, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , May 2

. ||


                  Thomas
                   Lund
               



            . I am a coachman
. On the 2d of May, about twelve at noon, I met with Wilson and Daley, at a public house. We had a pot of beer or two together: we went from there, to one of their lodgings. I lay on the bed and fell a-sleep. When I awaked, I missed my watch; I got up and found the door locked, and the key in the out-side. Sometime after, Wilson came: on her opening the door, I asked her, if she had played the fool, and got my watch. She said, no. I got a constable, and took her before the justice, She said, she had not the watch, but knew where it was. The other prisoners were taken with the watch, and brought before the justice. I looked at the watch just before I went up stairs with Wilson and Daley. I had half a guinea and some silver in my pocket, but that was never touched; I was a little in liquor.


                  Jonas
                   Cowen
               



            . On the 2d of May, about four in the afternoon, I met Delay and Avery. Avery asked me in the thieving language it I would buy a trick, and took the chain of a watch out of her bosom. I said, if they would go to a public house I would look at it. We went to the George, in Stanhope-street; we went into a back-room, and Avery gave me the watch to look at, and I sent for a constable and gave charge of them.


                  George
                   Aurton
               



            . I was sent for to the George, in Stanhope-street, to take charge of the prisoners.
The watch was produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Wilson's Defence.
There was a riot in the street between twelve and one o'clock, on the 2d of May; I looked out at the window, I saw the prosecutor, and thought I knew him, I called to him, he came up stairs; I told him I was mistaken in him, and begged his pardon. He wanted to have to do with me; I asked him for a present; he said he had nothing but half guinear that wanted twenty peace of weight, but he would pawn his watch if I had any body to send with it, and give me a crown, I called up 
               
                  Rose
                   Delay
               



            , and he gave her the watch to pawn for a guinea.
Daley's Defence.
Wilson called me to go and pawn the watch; going along I met Avery; I told her I was going to pawn a watch. As we were talking, a Jew came up, and asked if we had any thing to sell, and put his hand in Avery's bosom, and wanted to be rude with her; he said we were on no good intent, and pulled the watch out of her bosom.
Avery's Defence.
That man is a bad man; he was tried at Westminster for stealing shoes. I leave it to the mercy of the court.
Wilson and Daley 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
Avery guilty, 


               T. 14 years
            .
