





345. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ROBERT
                      DENMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one guinea, and 4 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Jones
                  




               
            , Feb. 7th
. ||


                  William
                   Jones
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Ray, who keeps the White Horse, a public house in Clare-market; I draw beer there. I received my wages, amounting to 29 s. last Saturday was a week; the prisoner was in the house at the time, and having an intention to leave my place, I asked him to go with me to see another place; which he did: he asked me to lend him two-pence to get some bread and cheese; I had no halfpence, so I lent him six-pence; we lay together at my master's house; when I waked the next morning he was putting on his clothes by my side.
Q. Where did you put your breeches when you went to bed?
Jones. Under the bolster; he had been under the bed, and in the bed searching for something; he said he had lost his knee buckle; I asked him where he was going so early; he said to the washer-woman for his shirt; when he was gone, I searched my pocket and missed my money. I am sure I had it when I went to bed. I ran down stairs to stop him, but he was gone. I awaked the maids and my master, and told them I had been robbed; a gentleman that was in the house saw him over the water, and had him stopped the same day; he had got a new hat, a new pair of shoes, and a new pair of stockings.
Q. Did you find any money about him?
Jones. Yes, two or three shillings; I cannot tell whether that was any part of my money; I found in my pocket in the morning a shilling wrapped up in a piece of paper, instead of a guinea and half a crown.
Q. Did any body else lodge in the same room besides you and the prisoner?
Jones. No.
Q. Was the door of the room locked?
Jones. No.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of his money; I did not take it; I went that morning to my washer-woman's for a shirt; I had a half guinea the night before; he lent me 2 d. that I might not change my half guinea; I went to Lambeth to see an acquaintance; I went into a public house for a pint of beer, and this gentleman took me up: he searched me; he found 2 s. and 8 d. upon me; he said if I would make up part of the money he would let me go free. I am a glove cutter
; my friends are not come out of the country. I am a Welchman.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
