






651, 652. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     ROBERT
                      EDWARDS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS
                      MORRIS
                  



               
             were indicted; the first, for that 


               he in the king's highway in and upon 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Morgan
                        



                     
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear, and danger of his life, and stealing from his person a watch with the inside case made of metal, and the outside case covered with tortoiseshell, value 40 s. a steel chain, value 2 s. and a steel bed hook, value 2 d.
             the property of the said Thomas, and the other for 


               receiving the above goods well knowing them to have been stolen
            , June 3d

 ||.


                  Thomas
                   Morgan
               



            . On the 3d of June about a quarter after nine at night, I was stopped near the first mile stone in the Tottenham-court-road



 as I was going to Hampstead, and was robbed of my watch by the prisoner Edwards; it was about dusk, but it was light enough to see his face; I am satisfied he is the man; I advertised the watch, and received a summons to look at it, among many others, at Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's; there I saw it and swore to it.


                  John
                   Heley
               



            . I took Morris by an information from his wife; I searched his house, and found this watch (producing it); it has no chain to it; I believe Mr. Clarke found the chain; he took Edwards and brought him into Morris's house while I was there.
Morgan inspects the watch. This outside case I am sure is mine; the inside case I believe to be mine, but the name and number have been altered.
Q. from Edwards to Morgan. Whether he is sure I am the person? I think he must be mistaken.
Morgan. I am satisfied you are the man; I am convinced from your face and your voice.


                  Christopher
                   Moon
               



            , a watchmaker, deposed, that he cleaned the watch for Mr. Morgan some years before, and that notwithstanding the alteration of the name and number he could swear it was Mr. Morgan's watch.


                  John
                   Clarke
               



            . Heley and I went to apprehend Morris; while we were there a young fellow came to borrow a shilling of one Davis in Morris's house; I asked him who he came from; he said the man was waiting without; I went out with him and took Edwards; I had an information from Morris's wife, that Edwards stood charged; I took him into the house, and took them both to prison; eight or nine days after Morris was in custody, I took this chain upon him (producing it).
Morgan. I believe that chain to be mine; there is a bed hook to it; I cannot swear to it.
Edwards's Defence.
I did not know till the night before I came to Newgate, the night on which the robbery was committed, therefore it is impossible to recollect where I was.
Morris's Defence.
This watch was in a case of mine, with eleven more.
Edwards called a witness, who had known him twelve years, and gave him a good character.
Morris called a witness, who said he was bred up to a watch engraver, and now kept a public-house.



EDWARDS Guilty. 


                     Death
                  .
MORRIS 

                     Guilty
                  . 


                     T. 14
                  .
Edwards was recommended to mercy by the Jury.

