








582, 583, 584, 585. (M.) 
               
                  
                     DANIEL
                      EAST
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE
                      CUTHBERT
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      COOK
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      FAGAN
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a leather trunk, value five shillings; a cloth coat, embroidered with gold lace, value three pounds; a pair of cloth breeches, embroidered with gold lace, value forty shillings; a silk coat, embroidered with silver, value three pounds; another cloth coat, value three pounds; a pair of silk breeches, value twenty shillings; a blue silk waistcoat, trimmed with gold lace, value fifteen shillings; a green silk waistcoat, trimed with silver lace, value ten shillings; two gingham waistcoats, value twenty shillings; three pair of white linen drawers, value ten shillings; sixteen linen shirts, value forty shillings; ten pair of silk stockings, value five pounds; twelve cambrick stocks, value thirty shillings; twelve cambrick handkerchiefs, value twelve shillings; and four pair of lace ruffles, value forty shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles
                            Talbot
                        



                     
                  , Esq
; four linen shirts, value twelve shillings; five muslin neckcloths, value ten shillings; three pair of worsted stockings, value six shillings; four pair of thread stockings, value eight shillings; a pair of nankeen breeches, value five shillings, the property of 
                     
                        William
                         Mares
                     



, August 25
. +



                  William
                   Eyres
               



            : I am servant
 to Captain


                  Talbot
               


            , the prosecutor. On the 23d of August, I packed up my master's trunk. It contained the several things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them.) I was present when the trunk, containing the several things, was put upon the chaise at Portsmouth. My master set out from Portsmouth, and got to town that evening, and then set-out for Ellington; about one without any servant.


                  James
                   Ray
               



            . I was at Ellington when Mr. Talbot came there. The trunk was not behind the chaise then. It was found about the fourth mile stone, in Acton


 bottom, in a ditch. It was lost upon Friday, and found the Monday following. The trunk was cut, and the lock broke. There were many things left in the trunk; but there were likewise a great many taken out.


                  Charles
                   Barnes
               



            . I assisted in putting the trunk upon the chaise, and strapped it across with two straps about the middle, and each end was fastened with a halter, so fast, that it could not possibly fall off.


                  Richard
                   Ellerton
               



            . I helped to tie the trunk upon the chaise. I drove Mr. Talbot to Ellington. I saw four men between Shepherd's, Bush and the King's Arms. I am sure the prisoner East is one of them. The reason why I spoke to East, is, I observed him in the road, and thought he intended to get up to ride behind the chaise; therefore I kept my eye upon him till we came to the turn of a hedge, then I looked no farther.


                  William
                   Bernard
               



            . On the 25th of August, Captain 
               
                  Talbot
               


            's servant came to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, and gave us information, that his master had lost his trunk from behind his chaise, between London and Ellington. Mr. Bond immediately sent some men to Hyde Park, some to Pimblico, and some to Tyburn turnpikes, and desired them to stay all night if the men did not come. I was stationed at Hyde-Park-Gate. About eleven o'clock, I saw the four prisoners coming, all loaded. I laid hold of Fagan. He had a double bundle with him; and the other three immediately set off towards the Lock Hospital. I called out to two other men that were with me to pursue them. I took two bundles from Fagan, containing several things. I only kept this pair of silk stockings, and a pair of nankeen breeches (producing them). The rest were given back to Mr. Talbot.
Eyres. The silk stockings are my master's property, the breeches are my own. I was present when the rest of the things contained in the bundle were delivered to my master, all of which were my master's property.


                  John
                   Barnard
               



            . I took up the trunk not far from the place where it was cut off. A man had found a strap thereabouts; so myself and two others went in search of it, and found it in a ditch with a cord upon it.
Robert Hall. I found the strap the same day the trunk was stollen, about two in the afternoon, about three or four hundred yards from the four mile stone.
(" The straps were inspected by the court
"and the jury, and clearly appeared to have
"been cut.")


                  John
                   Jennings
               



            . I went to the turnpike after Barnard, and was present when the men came there. Barnard called to me to run down towards the Lock. I ran; I saw East with his back against the rails facing the Queen's garden; he had a bundle; I secured him; there were several things in it; amongst the rest, this shirt and handkerchief, ( producing them.)
(" Eyres deposed, that they and the other
"things which were contained in that bundle,
"and were delivered up, were the prosecutor's
"property, and were in the trunk when it was
"lost.")


                  Charles
                   Jealous
               



            . I was present with Barnard at the turnpike. Barnard laid hold of Fagan. I pursued the rest of them. There was a watchman in the road. I called out, and we stopped Cuthbert and Cook. I tied their hands together. Upon Cook I found a pair of ruffles.
(They were produced in court, and Eyre deposed that they were his master's property.)
Jennings. Upon East I found a pocket handkerchief; Cook said, if you look into the road you will find a blue bundle; I found it accordingly; in it were a shirt and a pair of stockings.
(They were produced in court, and Eyre deposed that they were his master's property.)


                  James
                   Fox
               



            . I am a watchman. Upon hearing an outcry I stopped Cuthbert and Cook, Cuthbert had a handkerchief full of things; amongst other things a pair of silk stockings and a handkerchief, (they were produced in court, and Eyre deposed that the stockings were his master's, and the handkerchief his own property.)
Cuthbert's Defence.
I was going to Brentford along with a waterman to see a cricket-match at Kew Green; coming back just by Walham Green, I had occasion to ease myself, going near some logs I saw this bundle lay; I desired this young man to help me to take the bundle up: East asked me where I got it; I told them, when they lifted it upon my back I could not carry it. Cook said we had better put it in different handkerchiefs, and carry it towards home. I live in Westminster; Fagan was going to the turnpike, I said they had better go on the right hand by the dead wall, that was the nearest way home, and we would keep the things till they were advertised. Jealous came up, the watchman laid hold of me first, and asked me, what I had got; I said a bundle I had found.
Another of the prisoners, Jealous said, this man called out to him and Jennings to run after me. Does it stand to reason that this watchman, who could hardly run, could have stop'd me, if I had chose to make my escape.
All four 

               Guilty
            .







[Transportation. See summary.]


