





263. (M) 
               
                  
                     ROBERT
                      BOWERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three hundred pounds weight of lead, value twenty shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Davis
                        




                     
                  , the said lead being affixed to an empty house
            , the property of the said John, January 21
. ++
A Witness. On the 21st of January I saw the prisoner and a woman in the house of Mr. Davis, in Chamber's Street, Goodman's-fields


; they were seemingly cutting a roll of lead. Soon after that I saw the woman come out with something under her cloak; I took hold of her arm, and asked her what she had got; she said, nothing at all. I told her, she was a thief, and then she dropped the lead. When I saw the prisoner in the house, he seemed very busy, and had his shirt sleeves tucked up above his elbows, and his hair tied behind.


                  Joseph
                   Wrickets
               



            . On the 21st of January, between the hours of six and eight at night, returning from the city, passing by this house I observed a light; I looked through the keyhole, and saw the prisoner with his shirt sleeves up above his elbows cutting lead up in the kitchen: the woman, who is admitted evidence, was standing with a candle in her hand by the dresser. I got some neighbours to watch the house, and soon after the woman opened the door, and came out with the lead in her apron: we stopped her, she dropped the lead: being asked how she came by it, she said, the prisoner gave it her: the prisoner was taken as he was endeavouring to escape out at the back of the house.


                  John
                   Davis
               



            . I am owner of the house. The lead was taken off a sink in the kitchen. (The lead was produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  John
                   Wyat
               



            . I was charged with the woman; she had dropped a parcel of lead in the street, the other part was left in the house; it was in two parcels.


                  William
                   Simmons
               



            . On the 21st of January Mr. Davis sent for me. Before I got to the house the woman was in custody. I was desired to go round to the back of the house to prevent the prisoner escaping that way. I found him there; he 
               
                  drew
               


             a knife upon me, but I secured him, and found two keys and the knife upon him.


                  William
                   Siddon
               



            . The night before the prisoner was taken, I saw him in the house through the key-hole, cutting lead; I went to get assistance to secure him, but before I returned he was gone: he was taken in the house the night following.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was not found in the house, neither was any of the lead found upon me: I am as innocent as the child unborn.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
