





21. (M.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      ROWLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing ten live hens, value 10 s. and three live cocks, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Seymour
                  




               
            , Nov. 19
. *



                  Thomas
                   Seymour
               



            . I live in Germain-street; I have a house at Brompton. Last Friday fortnight I was informed some of my poultry was missing; I went over to Brompton


 and missed thirteen; ten hens I believe, and three cocks; I immediately sent notice to the poulterers and bird shops, and offered a guinea reward to any that should discover the thief, on conviction; the next day I found ten bantams and three polands at a poulterer's; there was one I could swear to, a bantam cock; I had cut his comb myself about two years ago.


                  William
                   Goff
               



            . I never saw the prisoner till the night he was taken. I bought ten bantam fowls of Mr. Row in the market; I received a notice of Mr. Row that they were stole from Mr. Seymour, and I informed Mr. Seymour of it.
Joseph Row. On Friday the 19th of November, about eight or nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to me in Newgate-market, and said he had some fowls to sell, and desired me to lend him a basket; I did, and he brought ten bantam fowls in it, and two bags with three pullets, and three hens; about eleven o'clock Goff came and saw the bantams, and bought them of me, and took them away. The prisoner bred fowls himself, and lived somewhere about Battersea. I agreed to give him 17 s. for the sixteen fowls; I paid him half a guinea, and he was to call for the rest; I received a notice at night and sent to Goff.


                  James
                   Lewis
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Seymour; I missed the fowls from his house at Brompton on Friday; I saw the ten bantams about eleven or twelve o'clock on Saturday at Goff's; there was one black hen, six white hens, and three cocks, and on Monday I saw the three pullets at Mr. Row's; I can swear they are my master's property; I fed them night and morning.
Q. Can you swear to the three you saw on Monday?
Lewis. Yes; one had a broken leg tied up just by the body.


                  William
                   Rogers
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Seymour: I have looked over the fowls; to the best of my knowledge they belong to my master; I know the black bantam hen by the specks; I know the bantam cock by his comb.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought them of a couple of countrymen on Friday morning.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
