






366, 367. (1st. L.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      BARRAT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      BRADY
                  



               
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing a featherbed value 18 s. a feather bolster value 4 s. two feather pillows value 3 s. a quilt value 4 s. and three blankets value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Sweetland
                  



               
            ; and the other, for 


               receiving the said goods, well-knowing them to have been stolen
            , March 8th

. ~


                  Martha
                   Sweetland
               



            . My husband is a sugarbaker
; I hired the prisoner Barrat as a porter
 to carry the things mentioned in the indictment, from Tooley street to St. Dunstan's-hill; I was going to a new lodging; I had lain-in about three weeks, and was very weak; finding the prisoner walk too fast for me, I desired him not to walk so fast, and desired him to wait for me; he said there was a pitching place at the end of the bridge; that he would go forward and wait for me there; he did go forward; but when I came to the place, he was not there; upon that I went to my lodging; I had acquainted him where to carry them; he had not been there. On the 11th of April I met with him on the bridge, charged him with having stolen the things, and had him secured; he at first denied it; I took him into the toll-house, and there he owned he had taken the things, and gone off with them; (produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.


                  Wm.
                   Sweetland
               



            . I am the husband of the first witness; I made an enquiry after the prisoner at several places; at last coming to town, I was informed the prisoner was taken on London-Bridge, and sent to the Mansion-house; the prisoner there owned he had sold them, and begged for mercy, and would discover the place and person that bought them; he said as to the description of the person, he was very well acquainted with, and had been so for many years, but at that time could not recollect her name, but would shew us the house; the prisoner, I, and the constable, went to a house, I think i n Rosemary Lane; on first attempting to go into the house, the door was fastened up, on which I returned back again, and applied to my Lord Mayor, for a search warrant; then I went back and broke open the door, but found nothing there; we took up a man that passed for her husband, in hopes by that means to apprehend the prisoner; that person was put into the Compter, but would not confess where she was; I offered a reward for taking the woman; she was taken that night; the next morning after she was taken, she was carried before my Lord-Mayor; there she owned she bought the bed, bolster and two pillows for 18 s. of the prisoner, and sold them again to 
               
                  Christian
                   Pearson
               



             for 21 s. the rest she sold to 
               
                  Margaret
                   Durse
               



             for 15 s. By virtue of the search-warrant I recovered these things from 
               
                  Margaret
                   Durse
               



            ; she was gone into Scotland; Brady's husband offered to pay me for the things.


                  Thomas
                   Willis
               



            . I am a brother-in-law of the prosecutor: on the 18th of April we brought the prisoner before my Lord Mayor; he there said the bed had been sold to that woman, pointing to the other prisoner, but the accomplice denied buying them.


                  Janet
                   Wedderburn
               



            . I bought the bed, bolster and two pillows of the prisoner for 25 s. the prisoner carried the bolster and pillows in her lap to her daughter's house, where they were to be delivered; the reason she said she sold it, was (with a good deal of concern and sorrow) that she was very poor, and necessity obliged her to sell them; these are the things I bought of her.
Barrat's Defence.
The prosecutor's wife took me from her brother's to her lodging, to bring a bed from thence; I did not at all know where it was to be carried; but she instructed me that if any body should ask if the husband knew any thing of taking the things, I was to answer that the husband was acquainted with it; coming over the bridge, she was very lame; a man was with her to assist her; I did go forward, and pitched the bundle at the end of the bridge; I went to drink a pint of beer; when I came out again, I met the man that assisted her going over the bridge, with the bed on his head; and that man said he was going to sell it by the woman's order; he told me, if I would go with him he would pay me for my trouble; on that I went into Rosemary Lane; there I met a woman in company with Brady; she asked me to dispose of the bed, which I did for 18 s.
Brady's Defence.
Wedderburn gave me 6 d. to carry the bed to her daughter's place, and I did go to that place.
Barrat, 

               Guilty
            



               T
            .
Brady, 

               Guilty
            




               T. 14
            .
