






326, 327. (L. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     Peter
                      Carne
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Wilson
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a bar of iron, weight eighty pounds, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Willson
                  




               
            , March 2
. *


                  David
                   Evans
               



            . Mr. Willson has a warehouse at the Steel-yard


, where the iron was stole about six weeks ago, about a quarter after five in the morning. I was at Trigg-stairs: I saw the two prisoners; each of them brought two bars of iron. I followed them to St. Paul's wharf: they pitched the iron there, and went in and called for a pint of beer. I went to the iron, and turned it about, to see if there was any mark upon the bars. One of them asked me what I did with it; I told him, I thought it was very heavy for them to carry. I asked where they were going to carry it; they said to one Gibbs, an ironmonger in Smithfield. I asked where they brought it from; they said from Mr. Wilson's, at the Steel-yard. We followed them to St. Paul's church-yard; then one of them beckoned to us, and said, If we would be peaceable and quiet, they would sell the iron, and divide the money among us. They pitched the iron there; it wanted then about a quarter to six. We followed them to Smithfield: then the young fellow that was with me, went forward and found Mr. Gibbs, to ask him if he had so much iron coming to his house at that time in the morning. They were not up; he rang at the bell: the maid looked out, and said her master was getting up. The servant came down first: the master came down by the time the men came with the iron; they pitched it against the window, and knocked at the door. The young man asked Mr. Gibbs if the iron was coming to his house; he said he knew nothing at all about it; he kept a cart and three horses to fetch his own iron home. They sent for a constable and took the prisoners before my lord mayor.


                  Alexander
                   Steward
               



            . I came over the water with a lighter that morning. Going by Paul's wharf I saw Evans; he called to me, and said, there were two men he thought stealing some iron. I turned round, and saw two men drinking and swearing one to another. I saw four bars of iron against the wall. I asked them where they were going with it; they said to Mr. Gibbs's in Smithfield. I asked them where they brought it from; they said from Mr. Willson's wharf. We followed them. (The rest as the other evidence had deposed before.)


                  Thomas
                   Petty
               



            . The iron that was found on the two prisoners had Mr. Willson's two first letters of his name, and the captain of the Ship's it was imported in. I saw it at Mr. Gibbs's in Smithfield about an hour and a half, or two hours after. The prisoners were taken in custody. Mr. Gibbs shewed it me.
The prisoners, in their defence, said they found the iron as they were going to work.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
