






131, 132. (M.) 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK
                      LILLEONGREEN
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW
                      NEWBERY
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one pair of black velvet breeches, value 2 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 6 d. one hat, value 1 s. one pair of buckles, plated with silver, value 18 d. two pair of leather shoes, value 2 s. one pair of thread and cotton stockings, value 1 s. one black silk handkerchief, value 6 d. and two check shirts, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Hawson
                        



                     
                  . Two linen shirts, value 2 s. and one clasp knife , value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Matthew
                      Davison
                  



               
            , Feb. 13th
. ||


                  Thomas
                   Hawson
               



            . I am a sailor
. Last Sunday night I lost some things out of a ship at New Crane stairs


; we went to bed about ten o'clock; after we were a-bed the prisoners came on board the vessel, and I lost the things laid to be my property in the indictment. They were in a chest, in the steerage. Lilleongreen confessed he had taken them; he told me where he lodged: I went to his lodging to search, and found several of my things; he told me he had sold the rest, and that the money he had in his pocket arose from that sale.


                  Matthew
                   Davison
               



            . I lost a serge jacket and a knife, which was in the pocket of it. Lilleongreen told me he had sold the jacket, and the knife was found in Newbery's pocket. I was by when the constable took it out; the linen shirt was found in the bed where Lilleongreen and Newbery told me they lodged. (The different articles were produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Q. to Hawson. Did you hear Newbery say he lodged there?
Hawson. No, I did not.
Q. to Davison. Did you go together to the lodging?
Davison. No, I went by myself; and Hawson by himself. I went to search for my things: he turned every part of the bed up but the place where he sat. I felt under him and found Hawson's shoes and buckles: the rest of the things were concealed under a piece of canvas under the bed. I said these are Hawson's shoes, there is his name upon them; then Lilleongreen ran out of the house. I ran after him, and took him; the other staid in the house. I said I wanted nothing but my cloaths, and he might go about his business: then Lilleongreen said they were sold.


                  Thomas
                   Stockle
               



            . I was going by the house in Fox's lane where the prisoner lodged; I saw Lilleongreen in custody; he had Hawson's breeches on, the constable took them off.
Lilleongreen's Defence.
I bought them of a man. I came over in the Nancy; the ship the prosecutor belongs to.
Newbery's Defence.
I know nothing of it; Lilleongreen came home to his lodging, and brought the cloaths with him. I know nothing of it; Lilleongreen gave me the knife.
LILLEONGREEN, 

               guilty
            .
NEWBERY, 

               acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


