






307. (1st M) 
               
                  ANN
                   THOMPSON
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen gown, value twelve shillings, a linen sheet, value two shillings, a woman's hat, value one shilling, a pair of woman's stays, value ten shillings, a linen shirt, value two shillings, a Nankeen waistcoat, value two shillings, a dimity petticoat, value two shillings, the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Percy
                     



                  : a sattin cloak, value three shillings, a check apron, value one shilling, and two pair of cotton stockings, value one shilling
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth
                      Wilkinson
                  




               
            , March 30
. ++


                  John
                   Peircy
               



            . I live in Red Lion Street, Whitechapel


. On the 30th of March I went out about ten o'clock, I double locked my door; my wife was out: about half after two my wife came to me, and told me, the room was broke open, and all the things gone. I had a description of the prisoner, from a woman who lives in the house, who saw her go out. I catched her with some of the things, which she was going to pawn.


                  Elizabeth
                   Shirn
               



            . I was just come out of place. The sattin cloak, and two pair of stockings found upon the prisoner, are my property; I left them with Mr. Peircy. I have been married, and consequently have changed my name since. (The things were produced and deposed to by Peircy and Shirn.)


                  Elizabeth
                   Taylor
               



            . I live in Peircy's house. I saw the prisoner go out with a bundle; I thought she had stole it. I sent directly to Mrs. Peircy, to her father's, to let her know of it.


                  Robert
                   Moore
               



            . I took charge of the prisoner; the things were all found in her apron, but the sheet.
Prisoner's Defence.
I deal in Rag Fair; a woman offered me the things, I had not money to buy them, I offered to sell them for her: she was taken, and cleared.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
