





330. (L. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret
                      Frazer
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a piece of lawn, containing eight yards, value 17 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Ramsden
                  




               
            , April 11
. ++


                  John
                   Ramsden
               



            . I live at No. 83, at the bottom of Holborn Hill


, and am a linen-draper
. On the eleventh of this instant I was at dinner; my servant came to me, and told me a woman had taken a piece of lawn that was in the shop. I bid him make himself easy, and let her go out of the shop. She had bought half a yard, and paid for it. I came into the shop; she went out. I sent him to fetch her back; she came back. I said, she had a piece of lawn, and I should search her: she said, I should not. I took my staff out of my pocket, and told her I was a constable; then I saw her let it drop from under her clothes by her feet. (Produced and deposed to.) Here is my mark upon it; it cost me 2 s. 2 d. per yard; here are eight yards of it.


                  Joseph
                   Cotton
               



            . I was up stairs; the boy was serving the prisoner. I came down unperceived by her, and saw her take the lawn from the counter, and put it under her cloak. I went up and told Mr. Ramsden of it. After she was gone out about half a score yards, I went and brought her back, and saw her drop it from under her cloak.
Prisoner's Defence.
I touched none but what I bought and paid for.
She called Darvin Walker, a victualler, in East Smithfield, 
               
                  John
                   Gowen
               



            , Jennet Emm, 
               
                  Robert
                   Low
               



            , and Rose Riley, who gave her a good Character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
