






142. (L.) 
               
                  
                     GEORGE
                      STEVENS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pannel saw, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Case
                  




               
            , Dec. 1
. ++


                  John
                   Case
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in Black-horse-alley, Fleet-street


. I missed this saw out of my chest on the 1st of December. I then went to all the pawn-brokers, and left a notice that I had lost a saw. There was one stopt at a gentleman's house in Salisbury-court, Fleet-street. I suspected the prisoner. I took him up, and he owned he did it. He is a spectacle-maker in the neighbourhood.


                  James
                   Tapper
               



            . My master, Mr. Wilson, is a pawn-broker in Salisbury-court. The prisoner brought this pannel saw (producing it) on Monday night the 1st of December. Mr. Case had been with me in the morning, so I stopt it. I asked him whose saw it was; he said it was his father's. He said his father was a carpenter. I told him, if it was his father's, to let him come for it. He was taken the next Saturday.
Prisoner's Defence.
Mr. Case came to my master's house. I asked him if he would lend me a saw; he said he would. I went down to his shop, and he lent me the saw. He lives in the same house with my father. I have done some jobbs for him, and he for my master. I was very short of money, and I thought to raise a shilling on it, as my master was gone out, till he came home.
He called, in his defence, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Taylor
               



            , 
               
                  Robert
                   Monk
               



            , and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Cuff
               



            .



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
