







38, 39, 40. (M.) 
               
                  
                     PATRICK
                      TRANER
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS
                      HARLING
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      HAYS
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing fifteen pair of leather shoes, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Brice
                  




               
            , Nov. 6th
. *


                  Thomas
                   Brice
               



            . I am a shoemaker
 in Monmouth-street


. Last Sunday night I missed 16 pair of mens, and one pair of womens shoes; they were second hand. (The shoes produced.) I know every man's work that does them up, and I have a private mark I put upon them.


                  James
                   Hatton
               



            . I am a shoemaker: on Monday morning, Harling brought 6 pair of shoes to me, and asked me to buy them; I believed he had stole them, so I stopped him; he confessed he had stole them, and went and shewed me where he stole them from. He wanted to be made an evidence.


                  Joseph
                   Brown
               



            . I am a watchman at St. Giles's; I came up to the office with the night charge; Francis came to the Watch-house to me with the last witness, and Francis said to me, I believe I am going to be an evidence, if you will go to my Aunt's, in Black-horse-yard, Fleet-market, and fetch eight pair of shoes: and he gave me the key of the trunk where they were, and bid me, if I met Pat Traner, to take him. I did and took him to the justice's. Then I went back to his aunt's to seek for the shoes, and they were, trunk and all, conveyed into an empty room two doors below. I never knew any harm of Traner in my life; I have known him a great many years.
Harling's Defence.
We were all in liquor together; the gentleman said if I would produce the other shoes he could clear me.
For Harling,


                  Mary
                   Whale
               



            . I have known Harling about five years; I never; knew him have a bad character in my life; he is a lamp-lighter
, he worked for Mr. Pearce, in Holborn.


                  Elizabeth
                   Meach
               



            . I am aunt to Harling. I come in the room of my sister. I never knew him guilty of any crime in my life; he has bore a very good character. He was brought up to lamp-lighting.


                  James
                   Arnold
               



            . I am a shoemaker, I have known Harling 12 years; he has always bore a good character; he is an industrious lad.
HARLING 

               guilty
            .
TRANER 

               acquitted
            .
HAYS acquitted.




[Transportation. See summary.]


