





10. (2d M) 
               
                  
                     CHARLES
                      MITCHEL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twelve hampers made of ozier, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Prior
                  




               
            , Nov. 1st
. +


                  Samuel
                   Prior
               



            . I am a turner
 in the Strand


; I lost the hampers mentioned in the indictment on the 1st of November; I was informed of it on Monday; I gave out hand bills and advertised them, and on Wednesday, by the information of one Mr. Fisher, I had reason to suspect the prisoner; I went by his information to the Anchor tavern, the north side of the Change; there I found four hampers; (I employ men to make hampers) I believe them to be mine. On Thursday morning I got a warrant and went to the house the prisoner lives at, in White's yard, Rag-fair; I took him there, and found five more hampers, which I believe to be mine; I took him before a magistrate and he was committed. My man will speak to the baskets.


                  William
                   Wickham
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Prior: I went with the warrant to White's-yard, where the prisoner lodged; I found five hampers there in the back yard that belong to Mr. Prior: the prisoner is a basket maker, and keeps a shop there. He said when I took him, that he bought the hampers of a waterman at Billingsgate, coming down from Chelsea; I can swear the hampers are my master's because I made them; I can swear to my work in any part of the world.
Prisoner's Defence.
I make baskets for myself and carry them to Billingsgate; I met with a waterman there; he asked me if I bought hampers; I said yes; he shewed these hampers and asked half a guinea for them; I asked him where he got them; he said he picked them up in the river near Deptford.




               Guilty of stealing to the value of 10 d.
            



               W
            .
