






151. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH
                      PONTIN
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      MORGAN
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one camblet gown, value two shillings, one check apron value three-pence, one linen shift value six-pence, and three linen caps, value six-pence
            ; the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Burr
                  




               
            , January 11th
.


                  Mary
                   Burr
               



            . I lodge in a public house, I saw the things mentioned in the indictment, up stairs in my room, about two o'clock, some were lying on the bed others hanging upon a line, about three o'clock I saw Pontin go out of the house, Soon after that I went up stairs and found all these things missing, he did not go out of the public-house door but he went into a room that communicates with the stairs and leads into the upper room.
The things mentioned in the indictment were produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.


                  Richard
                   Wilcocks
               



            . I am a neighbour, I saw the two prisoners, Pontin came out of the house first and then Morgan, one of them had a bundle, they ran away very fast, I suspected them, and being told that the things were taken out of the house, I followed them, and after having pursued them a good way, they threw away the bundle, afterwards I took both of them, Pontin said, it was the first time he had ever been guilty of such an offence; Morgan was sullen and said nothing.


                  Elizabeth
                   Biddle
               



            . I am mistress of the public-house, the two prisoners had quartered there and knew the way up stairs; I saw one of them with a bundle come out of the room and coming down stairs, I thought he was going to the necessary, they went out and went away.
The Prisoners called three witnesses, one of whom was their serjeant, who gave them a good character.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


