





294. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     NATHANIAL
                      CHAPMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver tea tongs, value nine shillings, seven gold rings, value fourteen shillings, two garnet necklaces, value ten shillings, four ear rings, value ten shillings, a deal box, value twopence, three French beads, value three shillings, two silver hair pins, value sixpence, a silver stay-hook value one shilling, a pair of garnet studs, value sixpence, a necklace of cut glass, value sixpence, a callico bed gown, value five shillings, two linen shifts, value one shilling, nine pair of ruffles, value ten shillings, a muslin apron, value four shillings, two lawn aprons, value four shillings, six linen handkerchiefs, value six shillings, six laced caps, value twelve shillings, six muslin caps, value twelve shillings, a black silk tucken, value one shilling, a black silk handkerchief, value three shillings, a child's hat, value one shilling, and three pair of cotton stockings, value three shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert
                            Lawson
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Robert
            , March 17
. *


                  Robert
                   Lawson
               



            . I am a taylor
, I live opposite St. Giles's Church


. My house was robbed between the hours of one and three in the afternoon, on the 17th of March. I was out at work. Some of the things pawned by the prisoner, I have seen again, some I have not. I lost all the things mentioned in the indictment, ( repeating them)
Cross Examination.
Q. Did you, or your wife owe the prisoner any money?
Lawson. No, not a farthing; he was a stranger to us.


                  Mary
                   Lawson
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. I lost the several things mentioned in the indictment, (repeating them.) I don't know who took them; I might have seen them that morning.


                  James
                   Vincent
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Layton, a pawnbroker. This pair of tea tongs' and these three rings, (producing them) I took in of the prisoner, and lent him ten shillings upon them.
They are deposed to by Mrs. Lawson.


                  John
                   Brooks
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Masters, a pawnbroker in Holborn. This ring, (producing one) was pledged by the prisoner, on the 17th of March, my fellow apprentice took it in, he is not here.


                  John
                   Tubb
               



            . I am a constable, I took Chapman in his own apartment, I charged him with this robbery, he said he knew nothing of it said if he would confess it would be better for him: I did not make him any promise that he should not be prosecuted, nor did I, hear that any body else did.


                  Joseph
                   Wood
               



            . I am a constable. I found a neck-lace, two rings, some hair pins, a bedgown, and a pair of stockings in the prisoner's lodgings.
(They are produced and deposed to by Mrs. Lawson.)


                  Dennis
                   Mc
               



            . Donald. I am a constable, I was with the last witness when he found these things.
Prisoners Defence.
My lord, I received them of Mrs. Pearce, on the 17th of March, between five and six o'clock, she owed me a little money, I told her I was going in the country, and should be glad of it; she said, she had some things which were left her at the decease of her father she would give me to raise the money on, and she gave me these things.
The prisoner called.
"
               
                  John
                   Lewis
               



            , who deposed, that he attended
"in the East-India company's service in
"the morning, and collected tradesmen's debts
"in afternoons. That he had known the
"prisoner five years, that on the 17th of March
"about three or four in the afternoon, the prisoner
"desired him to go with him to one
"Mrs. Pearse, who owed him some money;
"that he went with him; that the prisoner told
"Mrs. Pearse he was going into the country,
"and wanted the money she owed him; that
"she said, she had no money, but she had some
"valuable things she would let him have to " raise the money, and delivered him some
"rings and some linen, thereabouts there
"were six rings, that he should not the
"linen, but thought he should know the rings;
"upon looking at the things, he said, he would
"swear to the rings and necklace and tongs,
"that she sold they were her husband's property
"that the witness had no suspicion they were not
"honestly come by Upon his cross examination,
"he said, he could not say particularly, why
"he could swear to the things, that there was
"no mark on them, that he never had them in
"his hand, but that they were like the things
"she gave to the prisoner, that he did not
"know whether there was any crest, mark or
"coat of arms on them, he did not examine
"them so far, that there were six rings, three
"red and three green; that Mrs. Pearse took
"no account at all of the things when she delivered
"them to the prisoner."
"The prisoner called one other witness to
"his character."




               Guilty of stealing the goods to the value of 39 s.
            



               T
            .
