





453. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      YOUNG
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat, value 15 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 6 s. 6 d. a pair of velvet breeches, value 5 s. 6 d. three linen shirts, value 12 s. and a pair of knee buckles, plated with silver, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Askew
                  




               
            , May 31
. ++


                  James
                   Askew
               



            . I am a taylor
. I lost these things from Mr. Cope's, the Two Brewers, in High Street, St. Giles


, last Sunday morning, between four and five o'clock; I missed them about six. I lost the coat and waistcoat off the bed, and the other things were in a box. I saw them between four and five; I got up then to serve customers. I saw the prisoner in the house that morning; she came in about a quarter past four; the things were afterwards stopped upon her.


                  Jonathan
                   Kershaw
               



             I live at the Crown and Anchor, the corner of Saffron Hill. I stopped the prisoner with these things, on Sunday morning between six and seven; she and three men came to the house and called for a pot of beer; the evidence called me on one side, and said, he believed the woman had something she had no business with; he went out for a constable, and when he came back, she said, they were her brother's; she was a little in liquor. I thought proper to stop them till her brother came. I took her to Bridewell; she said, when taxed with the things, that they were her brother's.


                  John
                   Mills
               



            . I first saw this woman at the White House, in Holborn, about six o'clock; she had the bundle with her; I said to the landlord I suspected she had not come honestly by it; she went into this gentleman's house, then we took the things from her.
Prisoner's Defence.
A footman desired me to take the things to the White-house; he said he would come in an hour's time; if he did not come. I was to go to the Crown and Anchor; I do not remember I ever said they were my brother's.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
