





370. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR
                      CONNERLY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a guinea, two half guineas, and thirteen shillings in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Robert
                         Arder
                     



                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Mary
                         Cooper
                     



, widow, May 7th
. +


                     Robert
                      Arder
                  




               
            . I am a sailor
: last Saturday was a week, going down East-Smithfield


, a little in liquor, a woman asked me to go into a house with her; I went in with her; she had me up stairs.
Q. Do you know whose house it was?
Arder. No, I was quite a stranger; I went up stairs with her; we had some bread and cheese, and then she asked me to lie with her; I said, as I was a little in liquor, I did not care if I did; she asked me what I would give her; I gave her a shilling or two; I was going into bed with my breeches on; she desired me to pull them off; when I had pulled them off, another woman came in, took up my breeches, and ran down stairs with them; I ran down stairs after her, and she left the breeches at the door; I took them up but missed my money; two men came to know what was the matter; I told them I had been robbed of my money; they pursued the prisoner and brought her back; I know her to be the woman that took up my breeches; she was taken before a Justice and searched, and the money dropped from under her arm, wrapped up in a bit of rag; there was a guinea, two half guineas, and twelve or thirteen shillings; that was the money I missed out of my breeches.


                  John
                   Dickson
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Hall, the governor of Clerkenwell Bridewell; I searched the prisoner before the Justice, and found one guinea, two half guineas, and thirteen shillings, tied up in a piece of a silk handkerchief under her arm; I laid down the money, and the prosecutor said he positively knew one of the half guineas: it was very light.
Prosecutor. One of the half guineas is not much bigger than a 5 s. 3 d. I can swear positively to it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw the man in my life till he charged the constable with me: I had the money sent to me from my friends.




               Guilty of stealing the money but not in the dwelling house
            . 


               T
            .
