






327. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Cleghorn
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Aldrich
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Luke
                            Currie
                        



                     
                   on the 22nd of April
 about the hour of three in the n ight, and stealing a silver tankard, value 2 l. two silver waiters, value 9 l. a silver skewer, value 20 s. nine silver table spoons, value 3 l. ten silver tea spoons, value 10 s. one silver butter boat, value 5 s. a French plate candlestick, value 1 s. a pewter candlestick, value 4 s. three linen table cloths, value 8 s. two linen napkins, value 2 s. thirteen linen towels, value 8 s. seventeen pair of leather shoes, value 37 s. two linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s. a copper tea kettle, value 1 s. and six iron keys, value 6 d. the property of the said 
                     
                        Luke
                         Currie
                     



                  ; and four linen shirts, value 1 l. three linen neckcloths, value 6 s. one linen stock, value 1 s. four linen handkerchiefs, value 10 s. two pair of silk stockings, value 10 s. one pair of gauze stockings, value 1 s. and a woolen cloth coat, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Davys
                        



                     
                  ; two linen shirts, value 10 s. two linen stocks. value 2 s. two linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s. one pair of silk stockings, value 4 s. two mens hats, value 15 s. a pair of leather shoes, value 5 s. a pair of yellow metal shoe buckles, value 2 s. and 1 paper tooth-pick case, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ferdinando
                            Davys
                        



                     
                  ; 1 linen aprons, value 9 s. four silk handkerchiefs, value 8 s. three sattin cloaks, value 30 s. a mahogany tea chest and three tin cannisters, value 2 s. one linen shirt, value 2 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 3 s. and one silk cloak, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah
                            Barber
                        



                     
                  ; and one cotton gown, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary
                            London
                        



                     
                  ; and one linen shirt, value 2 s. one linen neckcloth, value 6 d. and one woolen cloth coat, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel
                            Gun
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said 
                     
                        Luke
                         Currie
                     



. ++


                  Luke
                   Currie
               



            . I live in Queen street, Cheapside


. I went out of town on the 22nd of April; when I came to town about eleven o'clock next morning, I was told my house was broke open; Cleghorn was in custody. There were two silver tankards, three silver spoons, a silver skewer, a silver tankard, two silver waiters, and fifteen pair of shoes were produced before the alderman, which were my property. Aldrich was taken on the 27th of April. Mr. Phillips brought a silver tea spoon, two keys, and a key of a black case, which were my property.


                  James
                   Wright
               



            . I am a watchman, my stand is in Watling-street. On the third of April, about twenty minutes after four in the morning, I took Cleghorn.
Q. Was it day light then?
Wright. It was not broad day, it was light. I met two, Cleghorn and another, between the Fleece and Mr. Currie's house; they were going through George-yard, which leads into Bow-lane; they went into Bow-lane, and there parted; one went down Bow-lane, the other into Bow-church-yard. Cleghorn went into Bow-church-yard; I pursued him into Cheapside; he had a bundle flung across his shoulder, which made me suspect he had it. I took him when he had got about forty yards in Cheapside.
Q. Had he the bundle then?
Wright. Yes; I asked him how he came by the bundle; he said very honestly. I said from where; he said Ironmonger-lane: I said I am not certain, but I believe you came out of a house in Queen-street. I took him to the watch-house; coming through George-yard, he broke away from me; I pursued him thro' Cheapside, and Honey-lane-market, and into Milk-street, and took him in Mumford court. I said I had a brother watchman joined me in Cheapside. When I took him the first time, he threw the bundle down in George-yard, when he broke away from me. I gave him in charge of a constable. I searched his right side coat pocket, and took out two large spoons and a candlestick, and two clasp knives.


                  James
                   Ward
               



            . I watch'd in Bow-church-yard; as the prisoner came by me my brother watchman desired me to follow him; we overtook him and brought him back; he had a bundle in a check apron; when we brought him back to George-yard he threw the bundle down and ran from us both; my brother watchman left me with the bundle and pursued him; I left it in charge of one Heath, a watchman, whilst I joined him in the pursuit; when we brought the prisoner back, the bundle was at the watch-house.
Q. But you don't know that was the same bundle?
Ward. It was in the same apron; it did not appear to have been opened.
Q. Was you present when the prisoner was searched?
Ward. Yes. There were found upon him three large table spoons, four tea spoons, the top of a cruet, a silver, or plated candlestick, two clasp knives, a brass tobacco box, with tinder and matches, a flint and a steel, and six or seven keys.
Q. to Ward. What time of day was it when you first saw him?
Ward. About twenty minutes after four; the day broke at four then; so that we had no occasion for any lanthorn.


                  William
                   Foster
               



            . The Watchmen brought him in at not quite half an hour after four; I found upon him the things mentioned by the last witness, (produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Mr. Currie. The plate was in a pantry below stairs.


                  Sarah
                   Barber
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Currie; his house was broke open on Tuesday morning the twenty-third of April.
Q. How soon did you know any thing of it?
Barber. About a quarter after four the street bell was rung; I came down and found the street and back yard door open.
Q. Did they appear to be opened from the inside of the house or broke?
Barber. They seemed open'd from the inside. I missed the plate from a closet even with the kitchen, upon the ground floor, the closet was locked every night and the key was in it; we missed some shoes from my master's office even with the kitchen.
Q. Was that door locked over night?
Barber. I believe not. I missed seventeen pair of my master's shoes and several things of my own (mentioning them.) My things were missing out of the kitchen; I don't know that any thing but my master's shoes were lost out of the office.
Q. Then there were some things belonging to 
               
                  Mary
                   London
               



            ?
Barber. Yes; a gown in my custody was stolen out of the kitchen.
Q. What are the things belonging to the Davys's?
Barber. I don't know.
Q. What were they?
Barber. Ferdinando Davis was clerk to my master, the other is his brother; his things were missing out of the kitchen.
Q. Who is 
               
                  Samuel
                   Gun
               



            ?
Barber. Servant to my master; all his things were missing from the pantry.
Q. Did you observe any locks broke or any force having been used?
Barber. No; none.
Q. Did you know either of them?
Barber. Yes, Aldrich; his mother washed for my master.
Q. Had he been at your master's that night?
Barber. He never was there before.
Q. How do you imagine they got in?
Barber. At the cellar window.
Q. What fort of a window is it?
Barber. There is two doors, and a plank lets down upon the ground.
Q. Was that cellar window open?
Barber. No.
Q. How does it fasten?
Barber. With an iron bar outside, and it pins inside.
Q. Did you observe in what state it was over night?
Barber. Quite fast.
Q. When they got into the cellar was there a free passage into every part of the house?
Barber. Yes.
Q. No door shut to?
Barber. Not that I remember.
Q. Was the cellar door open?
Barber. Yes; there was no inner door fast, the outward doors were all fast, the street door was fastened with two bolts, a chain, and double lock; the other door with two small bolts, one at the top, the other at the bottom.


                  Percival
                   Philips
               



            . On the twenty-fourth of April, I think, when I went home, one of the watchmen told me a house was broke open in Queen-street, Cheapside. I enquired who it was, they said one was taken. I know him, and knew the other prisoner was sometimes with him. I went and found Aldrich in Cow Cross. I took him to the gentleman's house; I searched him, and in his pocket was this silver spoon, and three keys, and he had a hat belonging to one of the gentlemen, which he had on his head. (Mr. Curric. These are my property, all but the hat.)
Ferdinando Davys. I was in the house the night it was broke open; I was alarmed by the watchmen; I lost four shirts, three neck-cloths, a stock, four handkerchiefs, and two pair of stockings, and 
               
                  John
                   Davis
               



            , a coat and shirt; they were taken out of the kitchen; this hat is mine.


                  Lowther
                   Field
               



            . I live with Mr. Harrington, a pawnbroker, the corner of Turnmill-street, (producing a shift and cloak) I took in the shift of Aldrich, the cloak I took of his wife on the twenty-seventh of April.


                  Sarah
                   Barber
               



            . These are my property; they were lost out of the kitchen.
Q. from Aldrich. By what mark do you know the cloak and shift?
Barber. By a particular cut in the neck; it is my own making.
Aldrich. She said there was a linen draper's mark at the bottom of the shift.
Barber. I don't know that I said any such thing; the cloak was unmade when it was stole; now it is made up, and the head is of a different sort.


                  David
                   Taylor
               



            . I live with Mr. Macartney, a pawn-broker, in St. John-street; (produces a hat, two shirts, a neckcloth, and a tea-chest) a man brought the hat; I can't positively say whom; it was brought on the twenty-third of April; the shirts were brought by a woman on the same day; the tea-chest was brought on the twenty-fifth by a woman, the same woman that brought the shirts; the neckcloth was brought with the shirts I believe.
Q. Do you know neither the man nor the woman?

Taylor. The woman's name was 
               
                  Ann
                   Harris
               



            .
Q. Do you know who the woman was?
Taylor. She may go by the name of 
               
                  Ann
                   Harris
               



            .
Q. When did you see her?
Taylor. Two hours ago at the George.
Q. What is her name?
Taylor. I do not know; she goes by the name of 
               
                  Ann
                   Harris
               



            .
Q. Who is she?
Taylor. I do not know.
Q. Come, it is a plain question, do you or not know who the woman was that pledged them; you say you saw her two hours ago at the George; who is she?
Phillips. Her name is 
               
                  Margaret
                   Hatoh
               



            ; she is in custody.
Court to Taylor. You carry on a dangerous kind of a trade; and if you carry it on in this way you are likely to stand in almost as bad a chance as they.
Q. to 
               
                  Margaret
                   Hitch
               



            . They say you pawned some things at Macartney's; two shirts, a neck-cloth, and a tea-chest, how came you by them?
Hatch. I had them of Aldrich last Friday was fortnight.
Q. You pawned some things at Harrington's in Turnmill-street, I believe.
Hatch. A cloak.
Q. Who had you that of?
Hatch. It has been in my custody a good while.
Q. How did it first come into your custody?
Hatch. I bought it in Rag-Fair.
Q. The whole of it; head and body?
Hatch. Yes, as it is.
Q. How long ago?
Hatch. Two months ago.
Court. That is before it was lost.
Hatch. There are many cloaks alike; that is not her cloak.
Q. Do you know what became of her cloak?
Hatch. I never saw it.
- Davis. This hat is mine.
Q. to Hatch. Do you know how that hat came at the pawn-broker's?
Hatch. I did not carry it.
Q. Do you know who did?
Hatch. No; I do not.
Davis. I believe one of the shirts is mine; but the mark is taken out.
Court. Mr. Currie, can you explain how these people got into the house?
Mr. Currie. There was a defect in the curves in the windows; there are two planks come out and make part of the footway. I never knew till after the robbery that these planks were not fastened. I thought they had gone into a grove or something, so that they could not have been slid on the outside; but when I came to examine them the day after I was robbed, I found it was possible to slide them out of their places so as to get down.
Q. from the Jury. Was there not a fastening they call an iron dog?
Mr. Currie. No; it appeared to be quite solid, but it was not.
- Heath. I am a watchman.
Q. Do you remember coming up to assist when Cleghorn was taken?
Heath. Yes; I took the bundle to the watch-house, and gave it to Mr. Foster. (The bundle produced, containing two great coats, thirteen pair of shoes, one shirt, one neckcloth, two silk handkerchiefs, one white apron, three coarse aprons, a jack towel, three check aprons, and a red and white handkerchief.)
(The above goods were deposed to by the different owners, as mentioned in the indictment.)
- Davis. There is all the plate that has been produced, but the spoons in this bundle that has now been opened. There was a toothpick in his pocket.
Cleghorn's Defence.
I was speaking that evening with one 
               
                  William
                   Tuttle
               



             that I am acquainted with at a public house. I went home with him to one Mr. Jones's in Field Lane; it was too late to go home to my master's, and I was much in liquor; it was about three in the morning. I was awaked by 
               
                  Richard
                   Aldrich
               



            , who told me an acquaintance of his was likely to have his goods seized, and wanted me to help him away with them. He said he had brought one bundle home himself, which I did not see. I dress'd myself, and went down stairs, When we came out in the court we met with a girl that he knew; he and she walked arm in arm, he turned down Lawrence lane; I bid her good morning. Afterwards he cross'd the way, and went down Queen street; he bid me stand at the corner. In a few minutes he brought a handkerchief full of some silver things; he bid me put them in my pocket. I asked him how he came by them; he said, What, d - n me, do you want me to be taken up. He put some in my coat and some in my waistcoat pockets; then he gave me a bundle that lay at a passage door. I followed him. He bid me go Cheapside way, and said he would meet me at St. Paul's. I went up Cheapside, and was taken by a watchman; then I thought the things were stolen, so I threw them down, and ran away.
To Cleghorn's Character.


                  Peter
                   Langthorn
               



            . I am a carpenter; Cleghorn is my apprentice; he has about seven months to serve: he never did me any wrong as I know of.
Q. Was he diligent and industrious or not?
Langthorn. He would lay out at nights sometimes; all I have to say is he never wrong'd me or any of my customers as I know of.


                  William
                   Price
               



            . I have known him sixteen or seventeen years; he came of very honest parents; I never heard any thing amiss of him in my life.


                  William
                   Tucker
               



            . Aldrich called him out; he did not go voluntarily, but upon his calling him, Aldrich came to him about twelve, and desired him to go out; they were very much in liquor.


                  Ann
                   Wegborough
               



            . I live in Plow Court, Holborn. I know Cleghorn by sight; Aldrich lodged in the house about three months, Cleghorn only lodged in the house that night. Tucker lodged there, and brought him home with him.
Q. What time did he go out that night?
Wegborough. When Tucker brought this man home he asked for Aldrich then for his wife; she was not at home. Then he came to bed in the next room to where I laid; about three Aldrich came home. I heard him make a rumbling up stairs, as if he brought some goods or something; then he went up to his wife, and came down and knock'd at Cleghorn's door, and asked him to go out with him.
Q. Who is his wife?
Wegborough. 
               
                  Mary
                   Hatch
               



            .
Q. Whose wife might you be?
Wegborough. I live servant with Mr. Jones.
Q. Then you was not wife to neither Tucker nor Cleghorn?
Wegborough. No; to neither of them. About four in the morning Aldrich came home, and asked me if I heard the young fellow come in; I said, No. He answered, then he is took up.
Aldrich's Defence.
As for what Cleghorn has said against me I am as innocent as a child unborn. I have nothing to say but I beg mercy of the court; what Cleghorn has said against me is as false as God is in heaven. That is all I can say; I am in service in a publick house
. The last part of my time I served abroad; I hope the gentlemen will consider it. I never was before a court in my life before.
Both 


               guilty of Felony only
            , 



               T
            .
