






527, 528. (L.) 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN
                      SOWDEN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      PHILLIPS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a linen sheet, value 3 s. a copper pottage pot and cover, value 3 s. and a copper tea-kettle, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Smart
                  




               
            , June 24th
. ++


                  Sarah
                   Smart
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Smart
               



            : I let lodgings to the two prisoners, who lived together as man and wife. On the 22d of June they delivered up the key to us in the morning, and left the house; I went into the lodging, saw the copper pot and kettle safe; when I sent the maid up in the afternoon to the room, she informed me it was stripped; I went up and found it was so; the prisoner was taken up; I did not know she had been in the house then, but I had a suspicion; on which I charged them both; afterwards Phillips said she took the things, and pawned them by the direction of Sowden.


                  Richard
                   Rumble
               



            . 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Phillips
               



            , the prisoner, pawned the things with me on the 24th; Sowden came afterwards to enquire about them; and asked how much money had been advanced upon them; he suspected Phillips, whom he called his wife, had not accounted to him for the full money.
Phillips's Defence.
I know nothing how Sowden came by them, but he gave them to me.
Sowden's Defence.
I did not know that Phillips did it.
They called several witnesses to their character.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
