






416, 417. (M.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      HOBSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT
                      GREEN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking down and stealing one iron gate, value 10 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Mary
                            Brown
                        




                     
                  , widow
, fixed to a certain fence belonging to the dwelling house of the said Mary
            , April 6
. *


                  Mary
                   Brown
               



            . I keep a house in Litchfield-street, Soho


: I have a pallisadoes before the door with a gate in them; I lost the gate the 5th of April between eight and nine at night, Justice Welch sent for me the next morning; I had given notice there over night; I went and saw the gate there; when I saw it I thought it was the same; Justice Welch sent it to try it to the place to see if it fitted, and it did; I had a key to the gate that opened it; my servant was present when it was fitted. Two watchmen had stopped the prisoner with it that night.


                  Mary
                   Hodges
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Brown: I remember the gate being stole; it was brought the next morning to be fitted; I was at the Justice's, and came with his man to have it fitted, and it fitted exactly.
Q. Look on that gate is that the gate?
Hodges. Yes; I know it by a milk score; I paid it the night before; there was 15 chalks upon it; the milk woman only struck her finger down the middle of it; there was all the marks standing.
Green. I did not see any score on the gate.


                  John
                   Coleman
               



            . I saw the prisoners in Coney-court, Gray's-inn; Green had the iron gate upon his back; I was on the watch; it was about a quarter before nine. We had lost several pallisadoes and area doors of the parish where I am the watch; I watched him to a smith's shop in Baldwin's Gardens, one Marsh's; he pitched the gate and took it in; Hobson was shewing him the way where to carry it too; when they got there they went into a room; I stood at the door while I sent for a constable and took them; I carried them before Sir John in the morning; Green said he was employed to bring it, or made some slight answer.


                  John
                   Flack
               



            , a watchman, who was with the last witness, confirmed his evidence.
Green's Defence.
A man met me, and said, if I could go with him he would give me a job; as soon as the watchman stopped me he ran away.
Q. to Coleman. Was any body with Green but the other prisoner?
Coleman. No.
Hobson's Defence.
I saw Green at Mrs. Marsh's door; I am Mr. Marsh's servant; I thought he had brought the gate to mend; I never saw it before; we take in jobs to mend.
Flack. I did not see Hobson till I was in Gray's-inn-lane.

For Hobson.


                  John
                   Rubery
               



            . I know Hobson; he is a maker of shovels and tongs; he works in Baldwin's Gardens, at one Mr. 
               
                  Joseph
                   Marsh
               



            's; I have known him five years; I always thought him, and I believe every body else in the neighbourhood thought him, a very honest man; he would injure no body but himself.
Q. He would injure himself?
Rubery. He will drink too much sometimes.


                  Joseph
                   Marsh
               



            . Hobson has worked for me as a servant for these five or six years.
Q. Would you have taken in such a thing as that of a stranger?
Marsh. No. I never saw it in my life till I saw it in the watch-house. I have known Hobson 13 or 14 years; I never knew any harm of him; he has worked for me almost all the time.
HOBSON 

               acquitted
            .
GREEN 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
