





12. 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      FARROL
                  



               
             indicted for 


               stealing two pieces of Irish linens, the property of 
                     
                        Samuel
                         Dales
                     



                  , value 40 Shillings
            .


                     SAMUEL
                      DALES
                  




               
            . I am a wholesale linen-draper
 in Cheapside


. On the 21st October
 last the prisoner turned hastily out of my warehouse; I being in the back part of it saw him, and thought it was with no good intention he came there. I perceived two pieces of Irish linen gone which lay on the counter; I ran out, and cried stop thief: we took him back to the warehouse, and took out of his apron these two pieces of Irish cloth, which are my property. When I took the linen from him, I asked the reason why he took them, but he gave me no answer. I delivered him into the hands of a constable, who carried him to the Compter. I did not know the prisoner before. (The linen produced.)
Where have they been since? - In the constable's hands; but he has been very bad.
Can you swear, that that is your linen? - Yes; I can swear that those are what I took from the prisoner, and likewise that they are mine.
JASPER FOX. I am a servant to Mr. Dales. I know the linen very well (After looking at the linens produced, said) I am positive that they are my master's linen, and that they were taken from the prisoner.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
There was one gave them to me out of the gentleman's shop, and bade me carry them away.
Mr. Dales was again called, and asked, Do you know that that is the boy who was in your shop? - Yes; I went directly out, but lost sight of him for about half a minute: I cried stop thief, and he looked about: I believe him to be the same boy.



               GUILTY
            . 


               T
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
