





325. (M) 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      KING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing thirty glass bottles, value 5 s. thirteen quarts of Madeira wine, value 30 s. thirteen quarts of Port wine, value 28 s. one quart of white Port wine, value 1 s. 6 d. one quart of Lisbon wine, value 1 s. 6 d. and one pint of Hungary wine, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Ireland
                  




               
            , Jan. 1st
. ++
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  Robert
                   Ireland
               



            . The prisoner is a cellar-man
 to me; I had a good opinion of him, and entertained not the least suspicion till lately; he has been my cellar-man near three years; he has the charge of all my vaults, consequently access to all my wine; I hired him as a single man, and not till very lately discovered that he was otherwise. I had information, which led me to a suspicion of him; I went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, he granted me a search warrant; I took a constable and went to the prisoner's lodgings; I told him my suspicion of him; we proceeded to search; the lodgings were concealed from me as well as his being a married man, for I thought he always lodged in my house as other servants have done; when we searched we found a basket with six or seven bottles of Madeira wine; we found some white Port wine, some Lisbon, some Sherry, and a pint of Hungary wine; I questioned him about it; he said it was wine he had drawn off of the lees; I tasted the wine, and discovered it could not be bag wine as he had said; I reproached him with it; he begged my pardon, and confessed he had took the white Port wine, the Madeira wine, and the Lisbon; he spoke of having been employed by other persons, and Lord Hinchinbrooke in particular, to draw off bottles of wine for him, and that this was wine that he got as foul wine in the bottom of vessels, and in that way he got at the wine; after I had tasted the wine, I discovered it had not the taste of bag wine; it is agreed to be easy to discover wine that has been drawn off the dregs and fined through a bag from other wine.
- Hutchinson. I am a constable: I went with Mr. Ireland to search the lodgings of the prisoner; we went up stairs; in a room behind where we found the wine, we found some bottles in some baskets; we laid them on the bed; then three dozen and a half of wine; there were two casks, a large and a little one; there was a bottle of white Port wine, and there were lees in the cask; the prisoner confessed upon the question put to him by Mr. Ireland; he confessed as to four or five bottles of wine: the manner was, one bottle was held up, then he confessed to that, and so on to four or five bottles.


                  Mary
                   Griffiths
               



            . The prisoner hired my dining room: I remember Mr. Ireland's coming there.
Q. Did you ever know that the prisoner was employed in drawing the lees of wines through bags?
Griffiths. I did: before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             the prisoner owned that it was Mr. Ireland's wine.
- Wright. I was before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            ; the prisoner there asked pardon and owned that it was the prosecutor's wine.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.
For the Prisoner.
Mr. Baldwin. I am a baker: I know the prisoner well; I have known him some time; he always bore a good character; I have employed him at five or six different times to draw off two hogsheads of Madeira; he did not fine them at my house, but carried them away and fined them.
Q. Is it easy to distinguish the taste of wine drawn from the dregs through bags?
Baldwin. I am ignorant of the matter.
A Witness. I have known the prisoner two years: I assisted him to remove a cask of red wine from his former lodging; the cask might contain about four or five gallons; it was red Port.


                  Henry
                   Taylor
               



            . I have known the prisoner five years: he bears a good character.
- Burgess. I have known him twelve years; he has bore a good character.


                  John
                   King
               



            . I am a relation of the prisoner's: I have known him a long time; he was always an honest man.


                  Mary
                   Dupice
               



            . I have known the prisoner a good while; he has always bore a good character.


                  James
                   Saltry
               



            . The prisoner lodged with me; he had always a good character; I do not think 
               
                  Mary
                   Griffith
               



             is a person fit to be believed upon her oath.
- Wood. I know the prisoner; he has bought wine vessels in which were the dregs of wine; he bought a vessel of Lord Hinchinbrooke's butler: it was port wine.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
