





757. 
               
                  Judith
                   the 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        Solomon
                         Abrahams
                     







            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Jane
                            Cross
                        




                     
                  , widow
, on the 11th of July
, about the hour of five in the afternoon, (no person being therein,) and stealing 2 linen gowns, 1 silk and stuff gown, 2 dimity petty coats, 2 stuff petticoats, 4 linen shifts, 4 pair of cotton stockings, 8 linen double handkerchiefs, 9 linen aprons, 4 check linen aprons, 1 black laced handkerchief, 8 pair of linen shift sleeves, 6 damask linen napkins, 2 linen breakfast cloths, 3 yards and a half of lace; the property of the said 
                     
                        Jane
                         Cross
                     



                  , in her dwelling house
            . *


                  Jane
                   Cross
               



            . I have this house at Hoxton


 in the fields; there is a garden before the house; I went out about 12 o'clock at noon, on the 11th of July, and left nobody in the house, every thing was safe; I did not come home till five in the afternoon, and I found my house was broke open; the street door was not open, but the door of the house was broke open; and there was a pane of glass taken out of the window, and the back door was open; the locks of my bureau and the draws were broke open, and the things mentioned in the indictment, were taken away, (repeating them) my room was stript, the things taken away amounted to the value of 12 l. I found 2 chissels and a file near the draws that were broke open. I was going along Chiswell-street, a considerable time after, I saw the prisoner with my gown on; I stopped her, I examined the gown and saw my work upon it; I asked her how she came by it; she said, she bought it and paid for it; she told me where she lived, and said, she would give me satisfaction next morning; she was taken before the justice in White Chapel; she said first she bought it out of pawn, at Charing Cross; afterwards she said she bought it at Mr. Scotts.
- Bland. The prosecutrix came to me on the first of October, and told me she had found out the person that robbed her; I went next day according to appointment, to the prisoner's house; she said she bought it of one Mr. Scott, a pawn-broker in Shoreditch.


                  John
                   Scott
               



            . On Monday the third of Sept. the prisoner came into my shop with a cotton gown, and wanted 18 s. on it; I would have nothing to do with it; she said she had bought it at my house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I came honestly by the gown; I sell old cloaths; two men proposed to me to buy a gown out of pawn, in the Borough; I bought this gown, two petticoats, and a black handkerchief, for which I paid 25 s.
For the Prisoner.


                  Nathan
                   Joseph
               



            . I live near the prisoner, she sent to borrow a guinea, and said, she was going to the Borough to buy something out of pawn, she went and brought home this gown, or one like it.


                  David
                   Davis
               



            . I am a pawn-broker in the Borough; I know nothing of the gown, (she called many Jews, who had known her a considerable time: they all gave her a good character.




               Guilty of stealing the gown
            , 


               T
            .
