





57. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Diaper
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver spurs, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Lewis
                      Aubrey
                  




               
            , Dec. 5
.


                  Lewis
                   Aubrey
               



            , who is valet de chambre
 to the duke of Bridgewater, deposed, that last summer he was with the duke at his grace's seat at Worsley Hall in Staffordshire


, that he missed his spurs on the twenty-eight of August; that the prisoner, who was groom
 to Mr. Gore, was attending his master, who was on a visit at the duke's: that in the month of October the duke and Mr. Gore paid a visit to Lord Waldegrave, at his seat in Essex; that while they were there, 
               
                  Joseph
                   Fellows
               



             came to him and told him he had found his spurs, and brought them to him, from where the prisoner put them; that he did not choose to mention it till he came home, and ordered Fellows to put them again in the place where he found them, which he did; that he saw the prisoner with the spurs on when they came to town on the fifth of December; that he acquainted the Duke of Bridgewater and Mr. Gore, that the prisoner had stole his spurs; that they sent for the prisoner up, and accused him of the theft; that the prisoner denied it, and said he bought them three years ago at a pawnbrokers in Tyburn Road, (he was asked if he had ever seen the prisoner wear silver spurs before this, which he answered in the negative) that the prisoner kneeled down to the prosecutor, and said, Mr. Aubery, now you have got your spurs again, and begged for forgiveness; that when the constable was about to take him before the justice, be run away, but was re-taken.


                  Joseph
                   Fellows
               



            , who is travelling footman to the Duke of Bridgewater deposed, that he used to clean the prosecutor's spurs; that he missed them on the 28th of August from the shoe-room, where he used to hang them; that seeing the prisoner with silver spurs on he suspected they were the prosecutor's; that he saw him put the spurs in the corn-bin in the stable; that when the prisoner turned his back he took the spurs to the prosecutor, who ordered him to put them in the place he took them from, and defer the enquiry till they came home; that he was present when the prisoner was charged before the Duke of Bridgewater and Mr. Gore with stealing the spurs, and he confirmed the account given by the prosecutor in every particular.
- Woodman confirmed their evidence respecting the prisoner's kneeling down and beging forgiveness.
The prisoner, in his defence, said, he bought the spurs three years before in Oxford Road; he called eight witness who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
