






446. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      COOK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               ripping, cutting and stealing 100 lb. of lead, the said lead being affixed to a dwelling house
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Adams
                  




               
            . +


                  Thomas
                   Marshall
               



            . I know Mr. Adams's house, near Portland Square


; the house is empty; I took the prisoner in the fact. On the 5th of May
, about nine at night, I was spending the evening at the Three Tuns; Mr. Fairbrother came in, and said, some people were stealing the lead in this house; we went there; we listened and heard them at work; one of them followed me into the house, the rest stood at the door to prevent their getting off. I heard them at work all the way; at last I laid hold on the prisoner, and there was another man that escaped; the prisoner slipped between the joists, from all the floors, and got down into the kitchen; I went down stairs after him, and found him in the kitchen. The prisoner confessed that he cut off a piece of lead; that we found laid upon a board ready to carry away, and that he had sold some the night before. Lead had been stolen from the house. This evidence was confirmed by 
               
                  William
                   Matthews
               



            .
- Fairbrother. I was coming by the house and heard a noise; I thought somebody was at work; I called out upon that, and the noise ceased. I went to the Three Tuns, and informed the people there of it; I went with them to the house. (Confirms the evidence of Marshall.)


                  Richard
                   Barratt
               



             deposed that he had bought lead of the prisoner twice.
The prisoner, in his defence, said that he was in liquor.
He called two men, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
