





303. (L.) 
               
                  
                     PETER
                      COOK
                  



               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Bilby
                  



               
            . January 14
. ++


                  Joseph
                   Bilby
               



            . As I was going down Ludgate-hill


, on January 14, between seven and eight o'clock, Mr. Pain tapped me on the shoulder, and told me I had lost my handkerchief, and he immediately took the prisoner. The took him to Bride-lane, near the salop shop, and a woman found the handkerchief near the door.


                  William
                   Pain
               



            . As I was going down Ludgate-hill, in my way home, on January 14, I met the prisoner following this gentleman; he walked a great peace, so that sometimes the prisoner was on a trot just before I got to Ave-Maria-lane, above Ludgate-Church, I saw him take a handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket. I did not stop the prisoner, for fear I should loose the prosecutor, but went up to the gentleman, and told him he was robbed of his handkerchief, he said he should have three handkerchiefs; he put his hand in his pocket and pulled out two, and said he had lost one. I told him if he would go along with me I dare say I should catch the person that stole it before he got to Temple-bar; soon after that I heard the prisoner in the coachway hallowing out Tom. I took him to the salop shop; there was a woman at the door, she took up a handkerchief which she said the prisoner dropt; the prosecutor said if it was his handkerchief, it was tore at one corner; upon examining it, we found it was tore at the corner.
Prisoner. The prosecutor would not sweare before the Alderman that it was his handkerchief,
Prosecutor. I believe it to be mine; I did not sweare positively.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am quite innocent. I worked formerly with my father.



               Guilty
            . 

               T
            .
See him tried No 210 last Mayoralty.
