





127. (L.) 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN
                      HERBERT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twelve ounces of sewing silk, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Horton
                  




               
            , Dec. 7
. ++


                  John
                   Horton
               



            . I live in Wood-street


, and am a sewing-silk-dyer
. The prisoner had been a weekly servant
 to me I believe more than a twelvemonth. On Friday the 6th of December, in the evening, as I was going round my dye-house to see if every thing was safe, I discovered some silk in a private place under the stairs, with a brick over it. I saw it belonged to a parcel we had in hand t day; it was not dyed, but in a state which we call took-off; the gum was taken out of it, and it was wet, ready to dye. I laid it there again, and the brick on it. The next morning I put a little lad, 
               
                  William
                   Hord
               



            , in a cellar that has a view of this place, in order to see who came for the silk. Between six and seven at night Hord came out, and said he had discovered the prisoner. We called the prisoner into the house; I told him I knew where the silk was, and bid him produce it, and he took it out of his breeches.
Court. When was the gum taken out?
Horton. On Thursday.


                  William
                   Hord
               



            . I was put in the cellar to take notice of every body that came, that I might detect the person who came to take the silk. My master shewed me the place where the silk was. I went into the place about nine o'clock in the morning, and staid till six or seven in the evening: then the prisoner came down with a bit of candle, went to the necessary, and after he had been there a minute or two, I saw him stoop down and take the silk from under the stairs, and put it in his breeches. He went up stairs; and then I went up, and told Mr. Pilgrim the foreman, and he told my master.


                  Stephen
                   Pilgrim
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Horton. I was present when the prisoner was examined; we challenged him with the silk; he made frivolous excuses, and said that he had no such thing. Mr. Horton indicted on his delivering it, for he knew he had it. Then he pulled it out of his breeches; there was near a pound of it.
Q. Had you any silk of that sort in hand the day before?
Pilgrim. Yes, that very silk.
Q. Are you able to swear that is the very silk you had in hand the day before?
Pilgrim. Yes. (The silk produced by the constable, 
               
                  Robert
                   Rowe
               



            , and deposed to by the prosecutor.) We asked him how he came to do it; he said he had got a sum of money to make up, and was distressed.

Prisoner's Defence.
I went down into the cellar with a candle about six o'clock. As I sat on the necessary I saw the silk, and having no pocket, I put it under my apron; a piece of it might be in the waistband of my breeches. My master immediately called me, and said, I want the silk that you have about you. I was surprised, and delivered it up directly.
He called 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hatchman
               



            , who had known him from his infancy: 
               
                  Thomas
                   Eyrewater
               



            , who had known him all his apprenticeship; 
               
                  William
                   Lewis
               



            , who had known him ever since he had been three or four years old; and 
               
                  Aaron
                   Brown
               



            , who had known him some time; who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
