





144. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HATCH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Ary
                         Holman
                     



                  , on the 10th of November
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing a cloth coat, value 10 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 6 s. a pair of cloth breeches, value 4 s. two pair of black silk breeches, value 20 s. two flannel waistcoats, value 8 s. two white dini mity waistcoats, value 8 s. eight Bristol stone buttons set in silver, value 4 s. one linen waistcoat, value 5 s. nine linen shirts, value 20 s. two muslin neckcloths, value 2 s. two pair of silk and worsted stockings, value 4 s. two pair of worsted stockings, value 4 s. one pair of silk stockings, value 3 s. one other pair of silk stockings, value 2 s. one linen cloth, value 1 s. one silver punch ladle, value 6 s. 6 d. one large silver spoon, value 12 s. two silver tea spoons, value 5 s. one child's coral, value 2 l. 2 s. three yards of black silk ribbon, value 3 s. 6 d. one linen gown, value 30 s. two children's robes, value 24 s. 6 d. one lawn apron, value 5 s. one other lawn apron, value 4 s. 6 d. four muslin aprons, value 8 s. six muslin handkerchiefs, value 18 s. 6 d. three pair of women's ruffles, value 27 s. five children's caps, value 19 s. three diaper pincloths, value 3 s. two children's gowns, value 3 s. six night caps, value 3 d. two children's gowns, value 3 s. six night caps, value 5 s. four pair of linen sleeves, value 4 s. two pair of silk stockings, value 24 s. two children's cloths, value 8 s. three children's shirts. value 14 s. one round towel, value 1 s. 6 d. one silk hat, value 9 s. three napkins, value 6 s. and six muslin neckcloths, value 27 s. the property of the said 
                     
                        Ary
                         Holman
                     



                  ; and one linen gown, value 23 s. two linen aprons, value 4 s. 6 d. one lawn apron, value 4 s. 6 d. three linen handkerchiefs, value 5 s. six night caps, value 2 s. one cotton handkerchief, value 2 s. 6 d. one silk handkerchief, value 2 s. 6 d. two pair of linen sleeves, value 2 s. 6 d. one pair of cotton stockings, value 2 s. 6 d. one linen shift, value 2 s. 6 d. and one laced handkerchief, value 11 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        Mary
                         Collett
                     



                  , spinster, in the dwelling house of the said Ary
            . *


                     Ary
                      Holman
                  



               
            . I am a pewterer
 in Catharine-court


. My house was broke open on the 10th of November; I came home about two in the morning, and found my parlour window which faces the court broke open; the inside bolt was forced from the shutter, and the wood of the sash was forced from the screw, and the screw left in the window; the sash was open and the shutters shut too. I missed the things mentioned in the indictment ( repeating, them).


                     Mary
                      Collet
                  



               
            . I am servant
 to Mr. Holman. I went to bed a little after twelve; I fastened the parlour windows. I lost the things of mine mentioned in the indictment; they were all taken from the kitchen. I was to have got up at five o'clock next morning to wash. I have not found any of mine.


                  Elizabeth
                   Holman
               



             deposed that she saw the window fast when she went to bed at eleven o'clock.


                  Samuel
                   Stone
               



            . I was constable of the night. These goods (producing a large bundle) were brought into the watch-house by a watchman; he said if I would let him have two watchmen, he thought he could find the man that had the clothes; I let him have two men, and in about an hour they returned with the prisoner.


                  Joseph
                   Craig
               



            . I am a watchman. As I was crying the hour of two, in Mansfield-street, Goodman's-fields, I heard a party of people singing and making a noise; I stood at the end of Mansfield-street and Prescot-street, till they past by me; there were five of them, and most of them had bundles; the prisoner was one of them; he had a bundle covered with a surtout coat. I was afraid to attack them myself as there were so many of them, but I made a signal for my partners to come to my assistance; some came, and we pursued them up Ayliffe-street, till we came facing the constable; there they saw us after them; upon this Hatch dropt this bundle and surtout coat. I knew Hatch, I had seen him several times before; there were also Godfrey and Waters; they are indicted, but are not taken; I desired the watchman to pick up the bundle and keep up the pursuit; then these people said, go it, go it; by which I understood they meant to attack us, for I saw they had cutlasses; I called out, and two men on the other side the way came to my assistances; upon which the prisoner, and two that were with him, made off; then we pursued them to Whitechappel; we went back to the watch-house and got more assistance; then we returned and found Hatch knocking at a door, which I imagine is his own door, in Newton's Rents, in Winfield-street; he called out
"Poll, Poll, make haste, for the traps are after me;" we secured him, and took him to the watch-house. As to this surtout coat I know it to be the prisoner's; I have seen him wear it many times. I charged him with having robbed somebody; he said, no; he had been at the Man in the Moon; the master of the house was sent for, and denied his having been at his house.


                  James
                   Clark
               



             confirmed this evidence.
The prisoner in his defence. said he was innocent of the charge; that he had been home from sea but six weeks; that his wife was in labour, and he had been for a midwife.
He called 
               
                  James
                   Jone
               



            , 
               
                  Robert
                   Lowe
               



            , Bejamin Lego, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Woodman
               



            , 
               
                  Lawrence
                   Nain
               



            , 
               
                  Charles
                   Pinsold
               



            , and 
               
                  John
                   Morris
               



            , who gave him a good character.




               Guilty of stealing the goods, but not of the burglary
            . 


               T
            .
