





379. (L.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      FRICKENS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a piece of thread lace containing nine yards, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Jarvas
                   Chambers
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Stephen
                      Langstone
                  



               
            , Feb. 24th
. ~


                  Samuel
                   Reed Adington
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mess. Jarvas Chambers and 
               
                  Stephen
                   Langstone
               



            , haberdashers

, at No. 61, in Cheapside


; the prisoner had been a customer several times. On the 24th of February, between four and five in the afternoon, the prisoner came into the shop and asked for Dutch lace; I shewed her some; she bought a piece and paid for it; immediately after she was gone, before I put them up, I missed a piece; I went after her and saw her turn down Bow-lane; I followed her and saw her endeavouring to sell some of it to a person in the street; she turned her head, saw me coming, and put it up and went on; she had it in her apron; I catched hold of her; she put up the piece into her apron again, and I saw her fumbling with her finger in the apron, during which time she took the string that was round the pieces, and then I saw her jirk it out of her apron upon the ground; I took it up; she went to my master's, and this piece of lace I am certain is the piece that was missing, and which was one that was shewn to her, and corresponds with the indictment; there being nine yards of it. When she was brought back to the shop she begged for mercy, and said she had never robbed them but three times in all her life; the number that was upon this piece of lace was six.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have dealt with them from Michaelmas last, that piece was one that I had bought of them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
