





318. (M. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     Michael
                      Holand
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing an iron saw, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Carter
                  




               
            , March 23
. *


                  Samuel
                   Carter
               



            . I am a carpenter
; the prisoner tells me he is one. On the 23d of March I was at work in Cutlers-hall in Cloak lane. I went to dinner at twelve, and left my saw in the inward room, but nobody was left in the room: when I returned, people told me a man had been in and stole my saw, and he was taken to Guild-hall. I went there, and found my saw and the prisoner. ( Produced in court and deposed to). Here is my father's name stamped upon it. I have the iron here that stamped it.


                  John
                   London
               



            . I saw the prisoner attempt to rob a house in Bow-lane, on which account I watched him, and saw him go into Cloak-lane, and go into Cutler's hall: he staid there about two or three minutes, and came out again, with his coat buttoned up, and this saw under it; the handle stuck out. He ran off and I after him: I catched him upon College-hill. He kneeled down and begged of me to let him go. When he found I would not, he got up and tried to get away. He did get away once, but I got him again. I took him to Guild-hall; there the prosecutor came and owned the saw.
Prisoner's Defence.
The man is here that I was at work for. There was a man in the house; I told the man, if the owner comes before I come again, I will drink a pint of beer with him.
He called 
               
                  John
                   Emerton
               



            , 
               
                  Robert
                   Reed
               



            , 
               
                  Charles
                   Eaton
               



            , and Ratcliff Robinson, who said he was a carpenter
, and worked about four years at Black-fryers bridge, and had the character of an industrious honest man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
