





245. (1st L.) 
               
                  
                     David
                      Jones
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one fish-skin smelling bottle case, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Carter
                  




               
            , March 1
.


                  William
                   Carter
               



            . I live in Newgate-street


, and make these sort of cases; the prisoner came into my shop on the first of March, and desired to see a six-penny penknife; we agreed for one: then he offered me half a guinea: I said I could not change it: then he asked me to give him a queen Anne's half guinea for it; I told him I suspected him to be a bad man, and desired he would go about his business. This case had been laid out upon the counter for a customer. I missed it as soon as they were gone. I was going to pursue the prisoner, but a woman came into the shop; so I did not follow them. About half an hour afterwards the prisoner came back and looked in at the shop window. I went out and brought him into the shop; he said he had a pedlar's licence; he took one out of his pocket in a tin box, and laid it down; at the same time with his other hand he laid the case down upon the counter. I saw it the moment he took his hand up.


                  John
                   Upford
               



            . I heard there was a thief in the shop. I ran down stairs. I stood upon the stairs. I heard him say to my master, Sir, I am a pedlar: he put his right hand into his pocket, and took out a tin case; he threw it down, and bid my master look at his licence: then he put this case down upon the edge of the counter with his left hand; I saw him do it; then he draw'd himself away from it.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
