





97. (2d L.) 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury, in the evidence she gave on the trial of Francis, otherwise Frank Lewis, at the last session, at Justice Hall in the Old Bailey
            . ++
(See the trial of Lewis, No. 679, in the last mayoralty.)


                  Joseph
                   Taylor
               



            . The defendant 
               
                  Sarah
                   Smith
               



             swore on the trial of 
               
                  Francis
                   Lewis
               



             that she saw him buy the cap in Rosemary-lane, about five o'clock on Saturday the 16th of October; she said he bought it of a woman that had caps to sell in the street, and gave seven-pence for it.
Q. Did she say she saw him buy it?
Taylor. Yes; she swore positively she did.


                  Ann
                   Croat
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Moxam, the prosecutor. On the 16th of October as I was coming out of the gate, going to the bake house, I saw the black man (Lewis) coming out of my master's gate; I met my young master in the yard; I asked him if any body had been up in the shop; he said no. I had taken the two caps off the line, and the sheet a little before; when I came back they were both gone; it then wanted about five minutes of seven o'clock.
Q. You are pretty sure it was after six?

Croat. I am certain of it.


                  William
                   Moxam
               



            . About seven o'clock I was coming out of our yard along with Mr. Taylor; our servant met us, and asked us if any body had been in our shop; I answered her in the negative; she said she had met a black man coming out of the gate; she went in and missed the several things mentioned in the indictment. 
               
                  Francis
                   Lewis
               



             was brought back to our house, and searched within a quarter of an hour after we missed the things, and I saw the cap taken from him.
Q. to Taylor. Was the cap produced in Court these people swore to?
Taylor. Yes. He dropped the cap with taking out his handkerchief; he was accused with having it; he denied having it.
Mrs. Moxam. This is the cap that was found upon Lewis, clean, and hardly dry when it was taken from him; that was about a quarter after seven.
Q. Where was he taken?
Moxam. The other end of Pennington-street, Old Gravel-lane; he was taken up for another robbery, and our people going up the lane, saw him; this is the cap that was produced on the trial of Lewis.


                  Ann
                   Croat
               



            . This is the cap that I hung upon the line; I am certain of it.


                  John
                   Goging
               



            . Mrs. Moxam desired me to go to the pawnbrokers, to enquire if they were pledged any where; I saw a mob in Pennington-street; they said a black man was there for stealing women's apparel; by the description I had had, I thought it was the black that had stole our things; I asked him what he had in his waistcoat pocke t; he said nothing but his handkerchief; he pulled it out, and this nightcap dropped out.
Q. What time did you see the black taken up?
Goging. A little after seven; he said his master gave him the cap then: but before Justice Sherwood he said he bought it in Rag Fair.
Prisoner's Defence.
I saw him buy it. It is very hard for me to suffer two months imprisonment after he has been transported for seven years.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
