






738. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Lyon
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac
                            Taylor
                        





                     
                  , March 8th

, about the hour of seven in the night, and stealing one India cabinet, value 10 s. six pieces of linen cloth, value 4 d. two tin cannisters, value 2 d. one mahogany tea chest, value 2 s. and one linen shirt body, value 1 s. the property of the said Isaac
            . *




               Guilty of stealing only
            , 


               T
            .
(M.) He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing a watch the inside case metal, the outside, fish skin, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Harry
                      Piddington
                  





               
            , Sept. 12th

 *


                  Harry
                   Piddington
               



            . I went to Marybone gardens



 on the 12th of September; while I was there I went to see that part of the entertainment called the Magnet; a great number of people stocked together to see it; I looked at my watch about five minutes before I went to see the Magnet; while I was there I was jostled about a good deal by the crowd, and my hat fell off; I immediately suspected the jostle might be done by somebody, with an intention to steal my watch. I felt for my watch, and it was gone; the prisoner was close to me; I observed him stoop and extend his hand forward, as if delivering something to another person; I took some notice of that other man; I immediately seized the prisoner, and took him to another part of the garden; he at first attempted to get away; when I charged him with it he trembled and denied it, and offered to be searched. Upon his promises to produce the watch the next day at Anderton's Coffee house, in Fleet street, I let him go; he came the next day to Anderton's coffee house, and Harding with him; there he denied all he had said at Marybone Gardens.


                  John
                   Noakes
               



            . I am a constable; I had the watch of Harding. (producing it.)


                  John
                   Harding
               



            . The prisoner and I went together to Marybone gardens, about seven weeks ago, to see the Magnet; there we saw the prosecutor; he stopt, and took the prosecutor's watch out of his pocket; he gave it to me; I left him and I went immediately home with it; the prisoner called upon me the next day and told me what had passed, and asked me to go with him to Anderton's coffee house to give him a character; I went with him, and the prosecutor seemed to know me again.
"The prisoner, in his defence, said he knew nothing about the watch.



               Guilty
            , 


               Death
            .
