





756. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Henry
                      Bodkin
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two guineas in money, numbered the property of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel
                            Coats
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            , Sept. 20
. +


                  John
                   Crouch
               



            . 
               
                  Daniel
                   Coats
               



             is a French prisoner
, I belong to the first troop of grenadiers; on Friday evening, Sept. the 20th about eight o'clock, I was at the Two Brewers at Knightsbridge


, my brother came; I took coach for him, there were besides the prisoner, 
               
                  John
                   Drew
               



            , and Water Hanniford, Coats came in the evening; first Coats called for a pint of beer; he pulled out five guineas, a quarter of a guinea, a shilling, and some halfpence; I am sure there were five guineas in his hand; he was not very sober, he wanted me to change a guinea, I could not, but I changed a shilling to pay for his beer; he went then to a table were Mackoy and Drew were sitting; and he treated them with beer, and said they should have what they could drink, if they would sing, they fetched the prisoner into the tap room; the sailor ordered a half gallon bowl of punch, then the prisoner came in and sung; the sailor called for six half crown bowls of punch, which he paid for; after that three more. I persuaded him at the sixth bowl to have no more; he was exceeding drunk; at last he fell a sleep; he had been so two or three times; I took notice that the prisoner was more busy about him than the rest; the company dropt away one after another from the sailor into other boxes, but the prisoner kept in the same box, on the right hand side; and he persuaded him to go to the White-horse cellar, and said he would show him the way: he wanted to persuade him to stay all night, but he would not do that. He staid some time; another half-crown bowl was called for afterwards, and he gave me half a guinea to change, and said he had took a place in the coach for Bristol; after that he fell asleep again, having eight shillings left; the prisoner and Drew desired me to keep it till next day: then the prisoner proposed that they should say there were only three shilings. I refused, and waked the man and gave him the change; he had a shilling in his hand, which made 9 shillings: presently after, he had only seven shillings and six pence left in his hand. After that the prisoner set himself on his right hand, the prosecutor being asleep; I saw the prisoner's left hand in his right hand breeches pocket; upon which I said to Hooper in the bar, that the prisoner had been robbing the sailor, upon which they advised me to secure him and to search him; we seized the prisoner immediately, and charged him with robbing this man; he denied it; I said are not you a villain for saying so, I saw your hand in his pocket. Upon this the prisoner put his right hand into his breeches pocket, and took it out again, as if he was putting something into the fore flap of his breeches; I said I suppose you have not got it in your pocket now; you put it into your breeches: then Mackoy said he has eighteen pence in his left hand waistcoat pocket; I saw him take it out and put it there; the prisoner denied that he had any money at all; Mackoy said don't think I have it; I will be searched, turned out his pockets, pulled down his breeches to shew he had nothing, and said to the prisoner if you have not got it, why will you not let yourself be searched? The prisoner swore before, no one should search him; Mackoy put his hand in his left hand pocket to show us a shilling and six pence; the prisoner swore again no one should search him; and that the eighteen pence was his own; I assisted Hooper to take him into the back room, many people insisted that it should be cleared up; he said he would not be searched, Hooper then took hold of him, and said he would search him; upon which the prisoner submitted, and began to undo his garters. Hooper said to the company mind what you are about, watch him close; as he was unbuttoning the last button, Hooper said he has put something in his shoe, then they searched his right shoe there they found a guinea, I said are not you a villain to rob the man when he has treated you? Then the prisoner said I have that but I have no more: upon this, I insisted he should be further searched. Another guinea was missing; he refused to be searched further unless we had a constable; then a constable was sent for. He denied that he had any more money; we searched him by force, for one took him by one arm, another by the other: we pulled off his right leg stocking and there came out the other guinea; then he said the sailor gave them to him.


                  John
                   Hooper
               



            . I saw Coates sitting in the tap-room, and the prisoner sitting by him they were drinking together; Crouch and the other grenadiers were with them; Crouch would not let them have any more liquor. Then all except the prisoner and Coates drew out of that box into other boxes; the sailor laid his head down on the table; Crouch said I am afraid the prisoner will pick his pocket, and desired me to take notice. A quarter of an hour after that, Crouch being in the box, said his hand is in the sailor's pocket, then Horbond was desired to go round and examine the man; he shook the sailor, and asked him if he had lost any thing, and desired him to take out what money he had; he said he had five guineas: there were eighteen-pence wanting of the change of the last reckoning; and they searched, and there were two guineas missing, Mackoy desired they would search the prisoner's left hand waist-coat pocket, either Crouch or Mackoy did, and took out eighteen-pence: before this, the prisoner said he had no money about him, and no one should search him; the prisoner took the opportunity and run out of the door I took him coming round the house. We said he should go before the company, that they might be better satisfied about the two guineas; with assistance I took him back into a large room behind the bar, the company desired an account about the two guineas; at last he began unbuttoning his right leg garter, and we found the money as mentioned by the last witness. I asked how he came to be so wicked to take it; after a little pause he said he took no more than that guinea, and had no more; and then in a few minutes afterwards he said that the sailor gave it him, but that he had no more: the sailor was then a little come to himself and desired the constable to take change of him; he still denied the other guinea, and refused to be searched; we compelled him to it, pulling of his right leg stocking, the prisoner said the money not in it; and pulling it off, we shook cut another guinea from his stocking, then he said the sailor gave it him. The prisoner dared any man to search him; the serjeant wanted that evening to have the prisoner delivered to him; the sailor said he should be delivered to the constable.


                  James
                   Jones
               



            . I was called into Crouch's; the prisoner was shown me by two neighbours; I asked the sailor if he had been robbed; he said I miss some money. He said he had five guineas when he came into the house, and he produced what was left; he said twenty-four shillings had been spent; upon counting all the money, a guinea was wanting. Upon that Jones said another guinea is wanting, we must search you; he said they should not: he said the sailor had given him the first guinea; he refused to have his pockets searched. Then Hooper said search his shoes and stockings; he said they should not till they had took him to some person; upon which Hooper and Draper forced him into a chair, and then he pulled off his left shoe first of all, then pulled off his right stocking, turned it down half way, then shook it, and the guinea fell out. The prisoner had said he would find an other guinea; and when pulling the stocking, he said, you will find money enough there; they asked him how he came by this guinea, he said the sailor gave him the guineas.
Prisoner's Defence:
The sailor did give me the money.
For the Prisoner.


                  John
                   Barber
               



            . I was in the same box, at these two Brewers, on the Friday night. I, the the prisoner, and the sailor were drinking together; three or four other soldiers were with him, they were all disguised with liquor. I drank with them; one of the company asked him if he would drink till tomorrow morning, for he had pretty nigh half a guinea good. Crouch said he saw the prisoner's hand in the sailor's pocket; the prisoner, on being charged, said some silver dropt, and he took it up to put it in the prosecutor's pocket. Then the prisoner went out and was brought back by Hooper, who took him into a room. I heard, but did not see it, that they found the two guineas about him; I heard the prisoner ask the sailor if he had robbed him of that money; the sailor said, no, I believe you did not. The next morning, before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , the sailor was asked if the prisoner had robbed him: the sailor said they tell me so, but I believe I gave it him to pay some reckoning with.


                  Thomas
                   Draper
               



            . I was there; I heard Crouch say he saw the prisoner's hand in the sailors pocket; the sailor was very drunk, he fell down several times. Crouch called me into a large room behind the bar, he said two guineas were missing; the constable was sent for, I heard money fall after the constable came; I cannot say where. The sailor said before the justice, he believed he gave the money to the prisoner to pay his reckoning; the sailor at this time was drunk; the prisoner's serjeant came about two hours after to the Two Brewers, and asked Crouch if the prosecutor was alone; then Walley said to Crouch, he had not done justly to the prisoner; Crouch refused to let him go up.


                  Jeremiah
                   Boyle
               



            . Before the justice the sailor said Crouch and Hooper told him he was robbed; but he said he was not, but gave the money to the prisoner to pay the reckoning; he said we were all drunk together; this was about eleven in the morning.


                  William
                   Mackoy
               



            . After the first guinea was taken out of his shoe, the prisoner asked the sailor if he had robbed him; he said no; I gave him two guineas to pay the reckoning. I did not say that I saw the prisoner put eighteen pence into his pocket, I saw him put his hand in it, and search; because they said the man was robbed; but I did not know there was any thing in the waistcoat pocket at that time.


                  James
                   Walley
               



            . I am the Prisoner's serjeant; I was told that the prisoner was confined for taking money from the sailor. I went to the Two Brewers; then Hooper said the prisoner robbed the sailor of two guineas; I said I should be glad to see the sailor; Hooper said he was in a private lodging, down the court; we went together there, and another soldier. Soon after the soldier came out, I asked if he had been robbed; he said, they tell me so; I do not know that I have; upon which I told him to take care had he very punctual; I asked the witness to go into Crouch's, which he did, and Hooper said it was a pitty they could not make the affair easy, as it was a drunken frolick, and let the sailor have his money again; I said it was a pity it should not be so; the sailor called for some liquor; then Horband came in and said; what was I going to compound a felony? I said, no; upon which Horband said he should suffer the law; I said, I had no objection to it; Horband said again, he should suffer the law, unless your officer will take him, and Lord Ancram gives his honour that he shall be severely punished; we went to Lord Ancram, who ordered the man to be dismissed; we went at ten or eleven o'clock to justice Fielding; the sailor said they told him he was robbed; but he believed he gave the prisoner some money to pay the reckoning; the justice said he could not commit a man upon that charge, and Hooper and others, said the man was drunk, that he had been drinking in the morning, and had been tampered with, and did not know what he said; then the justice sent him to sleep, and said he should be brought again at five; that he should go to Crouch's, and they promised no one should come nigh him, to tamper with him, or give him any thing to drink; an hour or two after, I went there, I missed Hooper; suspecting something, I paid my reckoning and went away; and in half an hour came back again; I asked Crouch if the sailor was asleep, he said, yes; I asked if he was sure; he said yes; then I said I was informed that somebody was up stairs with him; Crouch denied it, I was told Hooper was upstairs, with the sailor, upon which I charged Crouch with knowing it; then he said that Hooper was up stairs, and so should be, and no one else should: I was present about seven o'clock, before the justice, then the sailor said the soldier had taken the money out of his pocket.
Mary Carleys. I went to see the prisoner in Newgate this day; Hooper, Crouch, and Jones, came in when I was there, and asked the, prisoner what he thought of the affair, he said he did not know, he was innocent of it, and asked what they intended; Crouch said, they came on purpose to make it up with him, and said it had cost them eighteen-shillings the day before, and nine that day; and that it was a great expence and fatigue to them to attend; and the prosecutor would not be there, and if the prisoner would make it up with them, it should not come to tryal; the prisoner said he was innocent; then they said they would put it off till next sessions, if they could do no worse.
Crouch Young. Mr. Fielding, in the morning, said it was plain these fellows, meaning the soldiers, had been tampering with the sailor, and ordered Crouch to let none of them come near him, and he ordered Hooper in particular, to keep them from him.
Hooper. Justice Fielding ordered me to let none of the grenadiers come near him, till between four and five, to get him ready to go before the justice; the only thing I said to him. was to desire he would recollect himself as well as he could, in the morning, before the justice; the sailor said he had lost his money but did not know how, being so much in liquor; between six and seven in the evening he swore he was robbed of two guineas, and repeated it several times.
- Jones. I am the constable; from what passed in the hackney coach I thought proper to keep the soldiers away; there were five in the coach; myself, the prisoner, the prisoner's serjeant Walley, and one Skelly; the prisoner said to the sailor, don't you know you gave me two guineas last night; the sailor said no, and took his head several times; at this time he was in liquor; the prisoner said did you not give it me; the sailor said no, why should I give you my money, if you would have drank gold. all in my pocket should have been at your service, but to take my money I do not like it; the prisoner said what you want to hang me; he said no, I do not want to hang or hurt you; but the prisoner said, you will hang me if you do not say you gave me the money; why then says the sailor, I will say so.
Q. To Crouch. What do you say to that?
Crouch. It is totally misrepresented; we did go, and the prisoner said, Mr. Crouch, you do not mean to hurt me; upon which I said, I can do neither one way nor the other; upon which the prisoner said, I must take my trial when the sessions come on, but you cannot find a bill; upon that I said you may make yourself easy, the bill is found; then he said he must take his trial and submit to his fate.
"Hooper and Jones said the same; and also that there was not a syllable said about making it up; that they only went to give the prisoner something to drink; that there was a woman with him, which they believed to be Careless.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            , 


               T
            .
