






658, 659. (L.) 
               
                  
                     CHARLES
                      WALL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      RELEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a silver pint mug, value 50 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret
                      Bedford
                  




               
            , Sept. 2d
. ++


                  Margaret
                   Bedford
               



            . I keep the Crown in Paul's Alley, St. Paul's Church Yard




; on the 2d of this month, between five and six in the evening; the prisoners came into my house, and called for a pint of beer; Wall desired to have a candle; I said it was too soon to have a candle; I gave him a pint of beer, in a silver mug that I keep for my own use; the mug was missed as soon as they were gone out; I went down the church yard and saw Reley coming up Ludgate-hill; I charged him with taking the mug away; he said he did not; he went with me, and Wall came in afterwards to clear his character, so I took them both up; then Reley said Wall had it in his pocket; when he went out of the house, Wall said he had neither sold it, nor had any money upon it, but left it at a gentleman's in Thames-street. I sent a woman to see if it was in any pawnbrokers hands, and it was found at Mr. Farmer's, the corner of Queen's-street, in Thames-street; he had stopped it.
- Farmer. Wall brought this mug to me, and offered to pawn or sell it; I charged him with stealing it, and he run away. (The mug produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Wall's Defence.
I was intoxicated in liquor: I am guilty.
Relly's Defence.
I was going home to my family, and this man called me in to drink a pint of beer; I came out and left him there. I know nothing of the matter. I did not say Wall had it in his pocket.
Reley called 
               
                  Robert
                   Mason
               



            , who had known him five or six years, and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Dobson
               



            , who had known him two years, who both gave him a good character.
Wall, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Reley, 

               Acquitted
            .
