






579, 580. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Dyer
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John
                      Bracey
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing two silver pint mugs, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Cripps
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            , June 30
. *


                     John
                      Cripps
                  




               
            . I keep the Blue Anchor, East-Smithfield




. On the 30th of June, I went to bed at eleven o'clock. Between two and three in the morning, I heard my wife say she was robbed. I got up. They told me Dyer was gone for a coach for his mother. When I went to bed, I left the two prisoners in the bar-room. The two pints were upon a ledge in the bar. Dyer confessed before Justice Fielding, under promise of being admitted an evidence. Afterwards we took up Bracey. He confessed that Dyer and he took them, and that they buried them in a dunghill; and that they sold one of them to one Smith, by St. George's church. I got a search warrant, but could not find the house out.
Q. Was there any body in the room besides the prisoners?

Cripps. There were Dyer's mother, and his two sisters in the bar room.
Dyer's Defence.
I asked Bracey to go with me to see my sisters, who are unfortunate girls of the town, and live at the Blue Anchor; we had a pot of half and half in the tap-room. I went between 11 and 12 o'clock for a coach for my mother; I could not get one, and went back directly. Mr. Cripps gave charge of a Jew; that Jew was often in and out of the bar, whilst I was in the house; the Jew and I were cleared last sessions.
Bracey's Defence.
I shook hands with Dyer, and went home; I went to work on Monday morning, and two men took me.
Dyer 

               acquitted
            .
Bracey 


               guilty. 39 s.
            



               T
            .
