





706. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     PATRICK
                      KELLY
                  



               
             was indicted for that he 


               in the king's highway, in and upon 
                     
                        John
                         Foster
                     



                  , did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person a beaver hat, value 10 d. a black silk cravat, value 1 s. and two shillings in money, numbered, the property of the said John
            , Sept. 23
. ~


                     John
                      Foster
                  




               
            . On the 23d of September, about eight at night, I was going over Tower Hill


, in order to go to the other side of the water; two people came up to me, and knocked me down; they took my hat from my head when I was upon the ground; they then turned me on my back, and took my cravat off my neck, and three shillings in money out of my pocket; then they left me; about eight o'clock that same evening the prisoner was at the sign of the Black Boy in St. Catherine's, and another person with him; I sat down in the same box with them, and asked the prisoner and the other person with him to drink; we did drink together, and I am very positive the prisoner was one of the persons who, soon after I went away, followed me out of the house, and robbed me in the manner described. I know the person of the prisoner very well, and should know the other person if I was to see him, because it was a star light night, and I was not at a great distance from some lamps. After this robbery, on the Monday following, I was sent for to Justice Sherwood's there 
               
                  Samuel
                   Randall
               



             and 
               
                  Alexander
                   Steward
               



             had taken the prisoner, and he was then before the Justice.


                  Elizabeth
                   Ayres
               



            . I take in work, and live in St. Catherine's: I have known the prisoner, who is a sea-faring man
, for about four or five months; I saw him have a black silk cravat with a lace at the Black Boy, about nine o'clock; I went there for some beer; at that time he put the cravat to my face; I knowing it to be the prosecutor's, asked him how he came by it, and he said Roach gave it him; this was about nine o'clock the same night the robbery was committed. I knew the cravat to be the prosecutor's, because I had put the lace upon it; I went afterwards to Foster's, and informed him I had seen the cravat in the prisoner's possession.


                  Alexander
                   Steward
               



            . I live in St. Catherine's lane; I am a sea-faring man. On the 23d of September I was at the Black Boy a little after eight, or between eight and nine; the prisoner and 
               
                  John
                   Roach
               



             were there sitting with the prosecutor, and I saw the prosecutor get up and leave the prisoner in the house; he bid the woman good night and went away; this was about half after eight; the two men soon went after him, and the prisoner and Roach came back again in about half an hour, and Ayres, who had been in the house before, happened to be there again, for some beer, and she being then in the house, challenged the cravat; the prisoner had a black silk cravat twisted about his hands; he d - d her eyes, and said I have got it from your cull, and if he had ten times as much we would have got it all, and upon that the prisoner and Roach went away.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was working on board a vessel; I came on shore and met the young woman; Foster was going to beat her; then I came to the Black Boy, and met the prisoner fighting with the girl; I took the girl's part, and Roach and I went out; Roach returned again, and had the handkerchief in his hand; I took it from him and brought it into the house; it was taken from me again. I did say Roach had given it me. It was a very rainy dark night. The next day I was taken up for this business, but do not know any thing at all about it.




               Guilty of the larceny, but not guilty of the robbery
            . 


               T
            .
