





486. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JANE
                      MAID
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver table spoon, value 6 s. a silver teaspoon, value 1 s. and a linen table cloth, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Bishop
                  




               
            , May 5th
. *


                  Joseph
                   Bishop
               



            . I live in Cold Bath-fields


; the prisoner was my servant
; she came on the 30th of April and ran away on the 10th of May; in the evening when we were going to bed we missed a table spoon and tea spoon, and next morning the rest of the things; we heard nothing of her till a fortnight after; when she was taken she confessed where she had pawned them. (The several articles mentioned in the indictment produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor).


                  John
                   Kipping
               



            . I am a constable: I apprehended the prisoner, and she owned she took the table cloth and two spoons from Mr. Bishop's and pawned them in Little Britain; Mr. Bishop and I went with her and took out the table cloth.


                  Nicholas
                   Simmonds
               



            . The prisoner brought these two spoons to me and asked seven shillings upon them; I asked whose they were; she said her sister's whose name was 
               
                  Ann
                   Bishop
               



            ; they were marked J. A. B. and a scratch; I am sure she is the person that brought them; I took particular notice of her; I thought her too young to have spoons of her own; I should not have taken them if she had not given some account of who she brought them from.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


