





772 (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah
                      Cox
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven Holland shirts, value 10 s. one silk gown, value 5 s. twenty yards of thread lace, value 10 s. ten yards of linen cloth, value 10 s. and ten yards of silk, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Wright
                  




               
            , October 8
.


                  Jane
                   Wright
               



            . I live in Catherine-street, in the Strand


. I am wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Wright
               



            ; I keep a chandler's shop. The prisoner lodged with her father and mother at our house about eight weeks ago. The things mentioned in the indictment were stolen out of a sore kitchen; they were in bags, they were just come into the house, and had not been there four hours. The kitchen door was locked; it had been locked all the time.
Q. The prisoner had nothing to do in this kitchen?
Wright. No; I missed a great quantity of silk, seven Holland shirts, a gown, twenty yards of thread-lace, and eight or ten yards of linen cloth. The things were taken out of the bags, and the bags left behind: I found the kitchen door locked as I left it on Friday morning. My husband went to the justice, and he granted him a warrant: we searched her room, we found some cloth, some pieces of silk, and part of the thread-lace, about eight or ten yards.
Q. How do you know that is your's?
Wright. I have some at home to match it; I am very sure it is mine; the cloth was cut into shift-sleeves.
Q. Can you swear to the silk?
Wright. Yes; I have a gown at home of the same.
Q. Was the prisoner there when you found these things?
Wright. Yes; she confessed she brought them out of the kitchen.
Prisoner's Defence.
I saw them in the fore kitchen, and took them into my room; they were put out of the way till somebody should own them.
"She called a witness to her character, who deposed, that she takes in gentlemen's linen to wash. She said the prisoner had ironed for her; that she entrusted her with a great many things, and always found her very honest.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
