





553. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William
                      Reason
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 1 pair of sheets, value 8 s. 1 pair of blankets, value 8 s. 1 looking glass, value 2 s. 1 flat iron, value 6 d. and 1 tea kettle, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Davis
                        




                     
                  ; being in a certain lodging-room, let to him by contract by the said John
            . Aug 19th
. ++


                  John
                   Davis
               



            . I keep the White Hart in St. Ann's Lane




. The prisoner took a garret of me the 12th of August, at 2 s. per week. On the 19th I asked him for the rent; he said he would pay me presently; he went out; I went up stairs, and found the sheets and a pair of blankets gone. I got a warrant and took him up on the parade; he begged I would not hurt him, and he would pay me at two shillings a week out of his pay, and the serjeant should stop it. I went to the serjeant; he would not have any thing to do in it.


                  Thomas
                   Baylis
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I live in Westminster. I have got here two sheets, one blanket, and a flat iron that were pledged at my shop in the name of 
               
                  Ann
                   Reason
               



            .
Q. Did you know who she was?
Baylis. No.
Q. When was it?
Baylis. They were all pledged last month, within a week of one another. (the goods produced.)
Prosecutor. I know all the things to be mine but the tea kettle; there is no particular mark on any of them.

Prisoner's Defence.
I am innocent of the affair. I never pawned any of them. I never took any room nor any thing. I never lived there. She was an acquaintance of mine. She had a pair of stockings or two of mine to wash. I went one evening and again another; I never was there any more. I never spoke to the man, much less took the room of him. My serjeant was here, but the trial was so long he could not stay.
Prosecutor. I should not have let the room to her, if I had not known him.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
