





354. (L.) 
               
                  Ann, wife
 of 
                     
                        John
                         Wright
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver table-spoon, val. 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Eyre
                  




               
            , Esq
; May 9
. +
Cha. Eyre, Esq; On Wednesday the 9th of May instant, about six or seven in the evening. my servant called me out, and said one wanted me. There was Mr. Smith shewed me part of a table-spoon, and asked me if I knew it? I said, Yes, it is mine; here is my crest upon it; said he, a woman brought the bowl to me to sell; it appeared to have been fresh broke. I said to my maid, Do you miss a spoon? She said, she washed them up but just now. (The spoon produced in two pieces, and a fellow to it.) The crests agree, they both are my property. The prisoner is a woman that takes the ashes away from gentlemens chambers for the cinders. She used sometimes to assist my servant; I have given her 2 s. a week besides her victuals, for these last two or three months.


                  Ann
                   Atkinson
               



            . I washed up this spoon, with seven others, that day between four and five o'clock, and left them in the kitchen; the prisoner was in our house that day, and brought me up a pail of water.


                  Geo.
                   Smith
               



            . I live by the side of the Fleet-market, and am a silversmith. The prisoner brought this piece of spoon to me to sell. She first sent another woman in: upon my examining her pretty closely, she said it was not her own, but the property of a person at the door, which was the prisoner. I examined her how she got it; she said, she found it among some cinders. I said, it appeared to be fresh broke. I desired she would pull the other part of it out of her pocket. She stood to it a good while that she found it. Then I asked the other woman where she did business? She said, in the Temple. I said, if you do not go and enquire about, I'll have you committed. Then the prisoner took me to her own room, and took the handle of the spoon up, and gave it me.
Wil. Knapp. I went with the last witness to the prisoner's room with her, as she had proposed if we would go with her, she would produce the other part. She delivered it into my hand, and I gave it to the constable.
Prisoner's Defence.
Three weeks ago last Monday, I found the spoon among the ashes in the morning. It was bent twice double, and upon opening it to get the ashes out, it broke.


                  Ann
                   Atkins
               



            . The ashes are always taken away on the afternoon; she removed none that afternoon.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
