





410. (2 d M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      COX
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five linen shirts, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Fielding
                  




               
            , April 17th
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Fielding
               



            . On the 17th of April I lost some linen shirts out of a box in a two pair of stairs room where I lodged; I had seen them about ten days before; the maid told me the box was broke open; I missed the things and went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, and got a warrant on suspicion against the prisoner; the prisoner went from his lodgings that night, and did not come home again till three days after; he wrote a letter to his mother informing her where I might find the shirts; I received one shirt from the brother, and found another at Mr. Pershall's, a pawnbroker in Stanhope-street.


                  Andrew
                   Pershall
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner pawned a shirt with me; (the shirt produced by Hitchen).
Hitchen. I went to Mr. Pershall's, and he delivered the shirt to me; I have kept it ever since. (The shirt deposed to by Fielding.) He confessed before Justice Kelynge, at Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, that he stole five shirts, and said he did it for want.


                  Henry
                   Dixon
               



            . I am a pawnbroker: on the 17th of April I took in a shirt of the prisoner; I delivered it up to the prosecutor; (it is produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
The box was open when I went into the room; I lodged in the house; it is a public house; I was in want and took them to buy me some victuals.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
