





158. (L.) 
               
                  Rose
                   Langlais Desbrieres
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing three pieces of linen cloth, containing sixty yards, value 40 l. nine pieces of muslin, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Herman
                  




               
            , January 26
. ||
(The prisoner being a foreigner
, and could not speak English, an interpreter was sworn.)
At the request of the prisoner, the witnesses were examined apart.


                  William
                   Herman
               



            . I live at Long Ditch, Westminster


, am a carpenter
, and my wife keeps a linen draper's shop
. My wife and I went out about three or four o'clock on Sunday afternoon the thirteenth of January, and returned again between six and seven. When I went out, the shop door was locked, and a padlock was on the outside. When we returned home they were both opened; there did not appear to be any marks of violence. On searching, I missed linen, and other things, to the amount of one hundred pounds. I went and enquired at Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's about it. The prisoner was a lodger
 at my house. Her son came to me on Saturday night, and said, the week's lodging did not expire till Sunday. On Friday evening I took a search warrant. On Saturday the twenty-sixth of January I was in the prisoner's lodgings; the prisoner opened the door; she behaved with great civility, and asked me to walk in; I then told her on what account I came. I searched the ground floor, and found nothing; then I went up one pair of stairs, and there found a chest of drawers, chest upon chest; they were lately brought in by a broker; she said the broker had the keys, made a sort of offer to open them, and, in appearance, they seemed as if locked. I then went into the two pair of stairs room, and opened some drawers; there was nothing there; but she presently afterwards talked to her boy in French. At the bottom of the stairs Mr. Coward stopped the boy, and took from him two pieces of linen, and several pieces of muslin. I saw one of the pieces of cloth the Saturday before it was missing; and am certain of it. Mr. Coward took an account of my goods; I saw him make a mark on one of the particular pieces that I pulled down on Saturday night, to shew to a customer.
Q. from the Prisoner. Why did you stay so long before you took out a warrant?
Herman. My wife did not chuse to do it; for she did not mistrust the prisoner. She lodged at my house about eight weeks at that time; had lodged there for two years together before, at 5 s. a week. I believe she paid very honestly for the lodging; but the last of the eight weeks was not paid for; her husband had never been with her there; she said he was in France.
Blanchard Coward. I am shopman to Mess. Hussey and Whitter. The prosecutor deals with them to the amount of two or three hundred a year. (Looks at a piece of linen) Here is my own mark in a pencil; the mark of Hussey and Whitter is the common shop mark. About December I took an account of the linens and muslins for the prosecutor, and marked them with a pencil: I believe this is the mark I then put upon it. The prosecutor came to me on the 4th of January, and said he had lost his goods, and asked my advice. I went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's; but on Friday se'nnight following, he said he had a suspicion of the prisoner, and desired me to go and see if Mr. Hussey's mark appeared on any goods I should find. I went to the prisoner's house; the prosecutor went in, and then held up his finger to me to go in, as they waited at the door: the constable, the prosecutor, and myself went in. The constable and prosecutor made the prisoner acquainted with their business; the prisoner flew in a passion, and threw things about. Nothing was found below stairs, except several remnants of cloth, that we could not specify. The constable desired me to stay below, left any thing should be carried off; a Frenchman stayed with me, and put his back against the stair-foot door. I saw the prisoner's son come in and go up stairs; the prisoner spoke French to him. The moment I had opened the stair-foot door, I saw the son coming down with two pieces of Irish cloth, and nine pieces of muslin. I saw the goods put into the wrapper: they were sealed up in my lord mayor's presence, and have not been opened since. The boy dropped the cloth, and was confounded; I chid him; he was for some time impertinent. I asked him where he took them from; he took me up to the dining-room, unlocked a sort of book-case that had drawers at the bottom of it, and I took out of it a piece of Irish cloth; here it is (producing it;) I speak to the marks of it. The goods that were dropped by the boy I am sure were sold by my master to the prosecutor. Here is a mark of 15 and 1/2, which denotes the measure of the muslin; and here is a mark of 4 s. 6 d. that I am positive is my own putting, and that it was Mr. Herman's property.


                  Sarah
                   Goring
               



            . I am a lodger in the house of the prosecutor. I observed the shop door open; that alarmed me. I told another witness I was afraid the house was broke open.


                  Mary
                   Price
               



            . I am a broker's wife. We sold goods, to the amount of seventy pounds, to the prisoner: she always came with a little boy with her; he is about thirteen years old: he talked French, and passed with his mother as an interpreter. Upon my taking notice of the apron she had on, which was a fine plain muslin, the boy spoke to his mother in French, I suppose to let her know I praised the apron: she spoke again to him in French, and then the boy told me that his mother had a considerable quantity of that to sell from France; and she had likewise some fine cloth to make shirts and shifts of, at two shillings and sixpence per yard.
Prisoner's Defence.
These goods were brought to the house, and received by this boy, when I was not at home, and I know nothing of them.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
