





356. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Hanson
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a canvas bag, value one penny, seven guineas, and two half guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Hastenny
                  




               
            , April 28
. +


                  John
                   Hastenny
               



            . I drive a Birmingham waggon
, and inn at the Bell in Smithfield


. On the 28th of April I picked the prisoner up upon the top of Long-Lane, and agreed with her for 18 d. to lie along with me in my bed. I took her in at half an hour after ten at night to my room; she left me about three in the morning. I had laid my breeches under my head.
Q. What time did you awake?
Hastenny. I awaked about five.
Q. How do you know she went away about three?
Hastenny. The hostler told me so. When I awaked I missed seven guineas, two half guineas, and a canvas bag. I counted my money before I went to bed, but not before her. I had sixteen guineas when I came to town, and I had paid a grocer eight guineas about twelve o'clock, in St. John's-street. I never had my purse out after that; I had 6 s. out of the eight guineas, which I put in another pocket; and I felt my purse in my pocket when I went to bed. After I missed it, I knowing a man that knew her, I went to him, his name is 
               
                  Samuel
                   Fisher
               



            . The hostler and I found her about eight o'clock in Chick-lane. I charged the constable with her; she said, she never saw me nor my money in her life. The constable searched her, and found a guinea and three and sixpence, and eighteen pennyworth of halfpence in her pocket; and in her room we found anew pair of stays, and a new handkerchief. We took her before the justice, he committed her for farther examination; and when I came up to town again, she was taken before him again; and after that, the man where she lodged brought the purse and five guineas. (Produced in court.) I can swear to the purse or canvas bag, I bought it at Coventry; it is a double purse, here are two parts in it. Then the prisoner owned she took it.


                  Thomas
                   Lewis
               



            . I live in Cow-Cross; the prisoner lodged in my house about a month. I remember the prosecutor and others coming to my house; they asked for her; I said she would be in in a few minutes. She came in, and they took her away. They soon returned, and said they had found one guinea upon her, and wanted to know if I would lay down four guineas for her. I did not agree to it. We searched her room and found nothing. In about four or five days after, in removing a table, a drawer sell out, and a snuff-box sell out and five guineas. I carried them to Justice Girdler; they were in this yellow bag.
Rich. Maylin. I am a constable. This bag and five guineas were delivered to me. At first the prisoner denied ever seeing the man. After that I heard her acknowledge this was his bag and money; and that she had laid out part of the money to buy her a pair of stays and a handkerchief. (Producing them.)

Prisoner's Defence.
He picked me up, and asked me if I would go home with him. I went with him up-stairs. He gave me eighteen pence, and took something out of his pocket, I know not what. We lay all night together till three in the morning. As I was getting up, I saw the bag lying in the window.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
