






204. 205. (L.) 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR
                      BLUNDELL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing nine linen shirts, value thirty shillings, two linen handkerchiefs, value ten-pence, three pair of linen sleeves, value ten-pence, and three linen caps, value ten-pence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Chapman
                  




               
            , February the 11th
 *


                  Margaret
                   Chapman
               



            . I live at Chelsea


; my husband is a gentleman's servant
. I went down into my garden last Saturday, about two o'clock and left the door on the latch; when I returned, I saw the prisoners walking on the outside of my garden rails; as soon as I went into my room I missed the things mentioned in the indictment out of my drawers: there were some bits of cloth lay tumbled upon the ground. I ran out and met Mr. Peavor, I told him my misfortune, and that I had observed two women go along by the rails. He went after them one way and sent a labourer another, and they brought them back, and the linen.


                  John
                   Peavor
               



            . The prosecutrix told me she had been robbed, and suspected a couple of shortish girls. I pursued them; when I got almost to the Red House on Chelsea common, I saw them making over a hedge, I called to a man just by them to stop them, he jumped over the hedge after them, and I saw them throw the linen which they had in their apron over the bank into a ditch. I took them directly; I have had the linen ever since. (It was produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.
John Horn. The last witness called to me to stop the prisoners; I jumped over the hedge and secured them, and I saw them throw the linen down, and begged to be forgiven.
Blundell's Defence.
Williams and I had been to Covent-Garden Market; as there was nothing worth buying, and I had heard my father was drinking with her father, at Chelsea, I asked her to go with me to see after them. As we were going along the common this man laid hold of us, and beat us and dragged us to the prosecutors.
Williams said nothing in her defence, only that she was but twelve years old.
Blundell 

               Guilty
            



               T
            

Williams 

               Acquitted
            .
