





261. (M. 2d.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Rider
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eight pair of boys leather shoes, value 26 s. and two pair of womens stuff shoes, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Jones
                  




               
            , Feb. 26
. ++


                  John
                   Jones
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in St. Martins-le-grand


. I have been robbed three or four times within this fortnight. I seeing the prisoner come into the entry, I went backwards and looked through a place to watch, and saw him go out of the entry. Then he came in again, and went out quick. He returned again, and drawed the bolt back, as the glass was broke, and went into the shop. I ran in and shut the door upon him, and collared him, and said, Now I have got you; I have been robbed before, and fancy you are the same chap. The shoes he had got, were on a shelf when I went out of the shop. He dropped them when I shut the door to shut him in. They were two pair of womens shoes. My apprentice was just behind me when I took hold of him; he took up the shoes. I took the prisoner up stairs; then he confessed he had robbed me of eight pair the Saturday before, and had sold them to 
               
                  John
                   Bagnall
               



             in Field-lane, for 9 s. and he wrote down two mens names that were with him.


                  Edward
                   Ellis
               



            , the apprentice, confirmed the testimony of his master.
Prisoner's Defence.
My sister was very ill; she sent me to buy her a pair of shoes. This man said I came to steal a pair. He got a great broomstick and knocked me down in the shop, and then took me to the Round-house.
To his Character.


                  Anne
                   Rider
               



            . I am the prisoner's sister. I gave him 4 s. 6 d. to buy me a pair of shoes, and the day after I heard he was taken up. My father has trusted him with un-told gold. He has behaved very well till now.




               Guilty of stealing two pair, 10 d.
            

See him tried before for stealing a cloth coat, No. 540, in Mr. Alderman Turner's mayoralty.




[Transportation. See summary.]


