






462. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      CARAGAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Philip
                            Culvener
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of one in the night, and stealing 63 lb. of lead, value 6 s. the property of the said Philip, in his dwelling house
            .
A second Court charged it with ripping, cutting, and stealing the said lead, being affixed to the dwelling house of the said Philip. ++


                  Philip
                   Culvener
               



            . I was called up in the night by the watchmen; they had taken the prisoner with some lead upon him; I missed the lead from my copper; I saw it next day; we compared it with the copper and it tallied in every respect.


                  William
                   Thomas
               



            . About a quarter before two o'clock the prisoner was brought to me in the watch-house, charged by White and Lewis; he pleaded ignorance, but went on his knees and begged to be discharged; this is the lead; (producing it); I took it to Mr. Culvener's, and saw it compared with the copper. The prisoner had all the marks of lead upon his shoulder.


                  John
                   White
               



            . I stopt the prisoner with this lead; I pursued him and he dropt it; Phillips and I secured him. He was coming from Culvener's house.


                  William
                   Phillips
               



            . I am a watchman, I heard somebody cry out, stop him! I saw the prisoner coming and secured him; he had dropt the lead before I saw him.
The prisoner, in his defence, said he found it.
He called two witnesses who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
