





190. 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      LAZARUS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, well knowing them to have been stolen, four china images, value ten shillings, two china bowls, value ten shillings, two china basons, value two shillings, nineteen china cups, value seven shillings, and nineteen china saucers, value seven shillings; the said goods being parcel of the goods which Saunders Alexander and Lyon Abrahams were convicted at the last sessions of stealing, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry
                            Woods
                        




.
(The record of the conviction of Saunders Alexander and Lyon Abrahams was read in court.)


                  HENRY
                   WOODS
               



             sworn.
I live in the Poultry, and am a glass-seller and china-man
; upon the 5th of November my warehouse was broke open by pick-lock keys; my shop is on the opposite side of the way; I lost a great number of bowls, basons, cups, and saucers; I lost some figures of the English manufactory: I have some of them here that were found by Mr. Phillips and Mr. Jackson; I have looked at them, and believe them all to be my property; one in particular has my own mark upon it: these are part of the goods that were stolen by 
               
                  Alexander
                   Abrahams
               



            .


                  PERCIVAL
                   PHILLIPS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable: Mr. Jackson and I searched the prisoner's lodgings in Long-alley, Moorfields; we found there the china that is now produced; some were in the closet, and others under the prisoner's bed.


                  THOMAS
                   JACKSON
               



             being sworn, confirmed the evidence of 
               
                  Percival
                   Phillips
               



            .


                  GEORGE
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I know this china is the property of the prosecutor Mr. Woods; I was not concerned in the china affair: I saw Armstrong, Alexander, and Lyon Abrahams bring the china into Abraham's apartment on the Sunday morning; I have seen the prisoner several times in his apartments in Long alley; it was the prisoner's lodging when she was taken; Abrahams' had gone to another lodging.


                  HANNAH
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I am wife to the last witness; I know the prisoner; she lived in Lyon Abrahams' house, and did his work as a servant: I believe I went to Abrahams' about six o'clock in the morning of the 6th of November, the prisoner helped them to pack up two hampers of china; I took notice of such a scallop cup as this.


                  WILLIAM
                   HARTSHORN
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner to be a tenant and lodger in the house in Long-alley; I lodge in the same house; I have been there a twelvemonth; she lived there before I came: The china was taken out of her lodgings.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing about the matter.



               GUILTY
            . 


               T. fourteen years
            .
