





754. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Holloway
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one hand-saw, value 1 s. and one tenon saw, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel
                      Collins
                  




               
            , October 30th
. +


                  Daniel
                   Collins
               



            . Between the 12th and 14th of this month, I lost a hand-saw and a tenon saw, several planes, chissels, a plow, an oilstone, a hammer, and a box rule. I lost them out of Grovener's place


, where I was at work; I am a journeyman carpenter
; it is a kind of a shed, built on props, to make our work in. I left my tools on Saturday night and missed them on Monday morning. I don't know I ever saw the prisoner till I saw him in the Round house.
Q. Was the shed left open?
Collins. No; the door was locked and the shutters nailed up.
Q. Did you leave these things open, or in a chest?
Collins. Open; on Sunday night the watchman found the prisoner in the shed and took him to the round house; On Monday I asked the prisoner if he knew where my things were; he said he had hid them in the king's new road.
Q. Did you go and find them?
Collins. No; the foreman of the building went, 
               
                  John
                   Alders
               



            , by the prisoner's direction, and brought the tools to me. I have part of them here. (produced and deposed to.)
- Jones. I am a watchman. On Saturday, the 13th of October, I found the prisoner in the shed, in Grovener's place. I asked him what he did there; he said he came in for shelter; it was a rough bad night; I seized him and took him to the watch house. I did no know him before. I asked him how he got in, and he said the shop was broke open before he came. I know nothing about the tools. The next day, before the justice, he said he was the person that broke the shop open; he said he took the tools away, and hid them in the Five Fields, that go to Chelsea.
Q. Did he describe where he hid them?
Jones. Yes; in a ditch.
Q. Did you see Alders there?
Jones. No; he was in company; I know nothing of his going for the tools.


                  John
                   Alders
               



            . The prisoner told me where I should go to find the tools; it was on Monday, as we were going to the justices; he said they were in a ditch, in the Five Fields, going to Chelsea. I went and found them there. I brought them to the shop, while they were gone, and about an hour after he came and took them to the justice; I delivered them to him, and he has had them ever since.
Prisoner's Defence.
The shop was broke open before I went in; it rained hard; I put in there for shelter, being in liquor; I fell asleep in the shavings, and the watchman took me into custody.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
