





482. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a canvas purse, value 1 d. eleven guineas and a half guinea, the property of 
                     
                        Alexander
                         Blair
                     



                  , privately from his person
            , June 15
. *


                     Alexander
                      Blair
                  




               
            . I was going to find out a public house in the Strand; it was between ten and eleven at night of the 15th of June; I was much intoxicated with liquor; I met with the prisoner; she took me to a house; I lay there all night. I found myself alone in the morning, and missed my money out of my breeches pocket; I found my breeches under my head where I had put them over night.
Q. When did you first miss your bed-fellow?
Blair. Immediately when I awaked.
Q. How soon did you go to sleep after you went to bed?
Blair. I suppose directly.
Q. How came you by the money?
Blair. I had received eight guineas for another man; the other three guineas were my own, I had saved them to pay my rent; when I found myself robbed, I came down and interrogated the landlady; she used me very rough, and told me I might go about my business, and the man a-bed with her bid me go along, or said he would bundle me out of the house; the woman said she had seen but 1 s. 6 d. in my pocket.
Q. As you was drunk are you sure this was the woman?
Blair. I am very sure.


                  Thomas
                   Lyon
               



            . I am an officer. I took her up the next morning, and carried her to the Rotation Office; she said he gave her the money but was very much in liquor. This bag I took from her containing three guineas, half a guinea and two shillings (producing it).
Prosecutor. That is my bag.


                  John
                   Foy
               



            . I heard her own before the Justice that that bag and money belonged to the prosecutor, and that some goods were taken out of pawn with the money. The Justice said it was not very likely he should give her so much money, for a nobleman would not give so much.
Prisoner's Defence.
He gave me the money.




               Guilty of stealing but not privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
