





510. (L.) 
               
                  
                     EDWARD
                      PAGGETT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen table cloth, value one shilling; two linen aprons, value two shillings; a linen shirt, value two shillings; and a silver watch, value three pounds
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Chesterman
                  




               
            , June 23d.
 ++
At the prisoner's desire the witnesses were examined apart.


                  Richard
                   Chesterman
               



            . I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) they were taken from any house while I was out; when I returned, the prisoner was in the custody of the constable.


                  Catharine
                   Chesterman
               



            . I locked my door, and went into the one pair of stairs room, and staid there about a quarter of an hour; when I came down, I found the door of the lower room on the jar; I went to go in, and there was something behind the door, I pushed, and the prisoner run out of the back door. I am certain to the man. I missed a watch from over the mantle piece: I am sure it was there when I went up stairs. The table-cloth was lost out of the same room. I followed him into the yard catched him by the skirt of his coat, and cried Stop thief! he attempted to make his escape over the fence; he fell down, and I fell, and he fell upon me. The rest of the things were all found in a black bag in the room.


                  John
                   Dan
               



            . Mrs. Chesterman came into my room up one pair of stairs, and staid ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour; she had not been gone down above five minutes before I heard her cry out, murder! I looked out of the window, and saw her down upon her back, and the prisoner upon her; I went down and laid hold of the prisoner till somebody came to assist me.


                  Benjamin
                   Carter
               



            . I am a shoemaker; I live opposite the prosecutor's; I heard a noise, I looked out and saw a woman on the ground, and the prisoner upon her; I saw something drop out of his hand into the next garden. I saw it was a watch, a number of people gathered upon the occasion, I called out, and said the watch was in the garden; a young man ran into the garden and took it up.
Q. from the prisoner. Did not you say before the alderman that you did not see me throw the watch?
A. I said then, that I did see him throw the watch away.


                  David
                   Edmunds
               



            . I live at the same house as 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Carter
               



             does. I was going out, and heard the woman cry out murder! and afterwards cry out thieves! I ran into the house, and saw the prosecutrix on the ground, and the prisoner upon her; they lay pretty still; the man had his hands behind him. I fetched the watch out of the garden. I did not see it thrown over.


                  John
                   Sheppard
               



            . I am an officer. The watch has been in my custody; it was delivered to me in Mr. Chesterman's house, (the watch produced, and deposed to by Mr. Chesterman) I searched the prisoner, and found two keys in his pocket; upon trial, one of them opened the prosecutor's door.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going to work in the morning, I heard a woman cry out murder! I ran to the pails and jumped over, and the woman laid hold of me, and pulled me down, and asked for her watch. I asked what she meant by her watch, she found none upon me.
For the Prisoner.


                  Judith
                   Carraway
               



            . I live in Cow-heel alley, I was going through Cradle-court-road, and heard a clamour of murder; I stopped, and saw the prisoner at the bar jump over the pails, and he was pulled in, or over; there was a woman with me; we went in, and a man said he threw the watch away; the prisoner asked if it was he; he said he could not say it was him.


                  Sarah
                   Shaw
               



            . I was with Judith Carraway, and we heard a cry of murder; we ran; I saw the prisoner jump on the pails; whether he fell over, or they pulled him over, I cannot say; he asked them if they saw him throw the watch away; they said, they could not say it was him.
Q. from the jury. Are you sure you heard the cry of stop thief, before he jumped on the pails?
A. Yes.


                  Jenny
                   Haskin
               



            . I have known the prisoner ever since he was born; I never heard a misdemeanor of him in my life. He is a carpenter
, and works in Coleman-street.


                  Lucy
                   Coleman
               



            . He lodged at my father's two years; he was trusted with a good deal of money; he always behaved like an honest, well-behaved man.
Prisoner. The constable took two shillings of me, and said if I could let him have some more money, he would let me go.
Constable. I did not take two shillings; I said no such thing.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


