





251. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      WARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four common prayer books, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
the King




            , Feb. 18
. ||


                  James
                   Sterling
               



            . On Tuesday the 18th of this month, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was walking by the chapel of the royal hospital at Chelsea


; the people were coming out of chapel, and Mr. Medley the clerk came to me, and told me he suspected that the prisoner had stole some books. 
               
                  James
                   Linsey
               



             had hold of him, and took one book out of his pocket. I drew back part of his coat, and saw a book stick out of his pocket. I declined taking it out of his pocket till an officer was present; then the prisoner threw it on the pavement, and the officer took it up, and gave it to Mr. Medley. We asked him if he took any more; he would not confess at first, but he did afterwards.
Q. Was any promise of favour made to him?
Sterling. It was told him, that it would be better for him if he would confess.
Q. from the prisoner. Did not they say they would forgive me if I would confess?
Sterling. No.


                  Henry
                   Medley
               



            . I am clerk of the chapel; the service was on the 14th of February. I saw the prisoner coming out of one of the seats in the chapel that we had lost some books out of. I missed two books; I pursued him, and told the sentry to stop him, which he did; and searching in his bosom, he took this prayer book out, wrapped up in a handkerchief. (producing it) Then they took this out of his pocket. (Producing another prayer-book.)
Q. What is the prisoner?
Medley. I don't know him.


                  James
                   Linsey
               



            . I was sentry in the cupola last Tuesday. I stopt the prisoner at the request of the clerk. I took one of the books out of his bosom, and gave it to Mr. Medley.
The prisoner said in his defence, that he was certainly insensible, or he should not have done it.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
