





4. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      HILL
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing three muslin neckcloths, value 6 s. and one pair of silver buttons, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        William
                         Wright
                     



                  , privately in his shop
            , Nov. 22
. +


                     William
                      Wright
                  




               
            . I keep a pawnbroker's shop
 in White cross-street, St. Luke's


, the prisoner came into my shop, on the 22d or 23d of November, between eight and nine in the morning to redeem a pledge: while my man was gone to fetch it she stole the things mentioned in the indictment out of a drawer. I saw her take my neckcloths out of her lap, and throw them behind the door. I sent for a constable; she said the things were not mine; they were taken out of a drawer behind the counter.


                  Edward
                   Clage
               



            . I am journeyman to Mr. Wright, the prisoner came to my master's on
the 22d of November to release a pledge; my master was not up; I went up to him for the key of the warehouse; I told him the prisoner was in the shop; my master ordered me to watch her, because we had a suspicion of her. I discharged another customer that I had in the shop immediately, and I told the prisoner my master would be down up a quarter of an hour. I went up stairs and watched her through a hole, and saw her lean over the counter and take the neckcloths out of the drawer, and put them into her apron. I acquainted my master of it; he got up and sent me for a constable. I saw the neckcloths again when they were taken from behind the door.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never took any thing from him in my life.
For the Prisoner.


                  Mary
                   Masey
               



            . I have known her between eight or nine months. I never knew any harm of her in my life. I am a washerwoman; she washed for me between three and four months. I have trusted her with money. and always found her honest. I would take her into my service again.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
