





482. (M.) 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH
                      BRIDGMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a quarter of a guinea, and two shillings and sixpence in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Holmes
                  




               
            , June 4
. *


                  John
                   Holmes
               



            . I was in company with the prisoner at the Ship in Rosemary-lane, on the 4th of June last; I was going home; I had lent my partner my hat and was without one; she took me to her lodgings, and gave me an old hat; then we made a bargain; I was to give her a shilling.
Q. Did you lie with her?
Holmes. Yes.
Q. Was you in liquor?
Holmes. Yes, but I knew what I was about.
Q. Did you give her the shilling you promised her?
Holmes. Yes.
Q. What silver had you?
Holmes. In all three or four shillings.
Q. Did you give her the shilling as you came away?
Holmes. No, before.
Q. Was you concerned with her upon the bed?
Holmes. Yes; she went down stairs; I missed my money directly; my breeches were taken from under the bolster; I found them at the side of the bed when I got up; I ran down stairs in my shirt when I missed it; there were a great many women in the house; I could not see the prisoner at that time, but made a noise about my money and came up stairs again; the landlady of the house followed me with a candle; she brought me half a crown and my knee buckles; I put my breeches on, and went down stairs; there I saw the prisoner; I seized her.
Q. Are you sure you had five shillings and three-pence in your pocket?
Holmes. Yes.
Q. You had not agreed to give the five-and-three-pence for the old hat had you?
Holmes. No.
Q. Are you sure you felt your quarter guinea when you gave her a shilling?
Holmes. The quarter of a guinea was in my fob, the money in my pocket, I thought I would be sure to see I had my money at that time.
Q. from the prisoner. Whether when I was in bed with him there were not some hands under the bed?
Holmes. There was nobody near the bed we were in; there was a woman in another bed in the room with my partner.
Q. After you had been concerned with the woman did you fall asleep?
Holmes. No.
Q. Then how could she take your breeches from under your bolster without your knowing it?
Holmes. I got to the nearest side of the bed to the door; she would not let me he there, but moved me on the other side, so I shifted the breeches under my head, and she put her pocket or something under my head, where my breeches were.
Q. How could she get the breeches from under your head without your perceiving it?
Holmes. I thought she was only taking the things she had laid under my head; I perceived her put her hands under my bolster just before she got up and went down stairs; I did not think she was taking my breeches.
Q. Then it was not the other woman that took it?
Holmes. I am certain it was not.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming down Rosemary-lane; he picked me up, and asked me if I had got an old hat to sell or give him; I said I had one, I would either sell it or give it him; he went to the Ship in Wells-street, and drank part of three pots of beer there; he asked to go home with me; then he asked me to go to bed with him; I said I did not chuse it without a present; said he I will give you sixpence; I said I would not go to bed for that; he said he would make me a further present in the morning; we all went up together; I gave him the hat; first he said he would make me amends for the hat in the morning; we went up stairs; he undressed himself; there were two young women in the room at the same time, when he charged me with this; he asked me whether I had got any money; I said I would strip and he might search; he went up again; one 
               
                  Ann
                   M'Cormack
               



            , that keeps this house, said, don't make any words, I have got your money, I will return you half a crown; which she did.


                  George
                   Watson
               



            . He had the money in his pocket.
Q. How do you know that?
Watson. I know he had it before we went into the house, because I gave it him myself but a little before.
Q. What did you give it him for?
Watson. For paying his wages.
Q. Are you a master carpenter?
Watson. No; my master gave it me to pay him.
Q. Did you lie with another woman in the same room?
Watson. Yes.
Q. Did she ever stir out of bed after these two people went to bed?
Watson. Never.
Q. How near is your bed to theirs?
Watson. One on one side of the room, the other on the other; we all went in to bed together.
Q. Was any woman near the bed where Holmes lay with Bridgman?
Watson. No; she took her clothes in her hand, at the same time his breeches were gone; he jumped out of bed, and said, partner, lets go; he kicked his breeches; then he run down stairs in his shirt, and came up again, and a woman came and gave him half a crown, saying she had searched this woman, and could find only half a crown, and a pair of knee buckles upon her.
Prisoner. 
               
                  Ann
                   M'Cormack
               



             has been to me in Newgate, and asked me if I would take part of it; I would not.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
