





258. (L.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      BARNES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a piece of Woollen Bath coating, containing twelve yards, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Keys
                  




               
            , Jan. 18
. ||



                  Thomas
                   Keys
               



            . I am a salesman; I keep a shop
 on Saffron-hill


. I lost a piece of woollen Bath coating on the 18th of January from the shop window. I was in the back room; my opposite neighbour came in, and said a person had stole my roll of cloth and run up Chick-lane. I missed the cloth and ran after him; I catched him just by Black-boy-alley. He got away from me by main force, and went down King's-arms-yard in Chick-lane. He was taken that night in Black-boy-alley, in a disorderly house, for beating a woman. A constable was got, who took him, and found in his pocket some tools for house-breaking. I was sent for to appear against him; I took him before the Lord Mayor. (The cloth produced, and deposed to.)
Q. When did you see him after he took the cloth?
Keys. He took the cloth on Saturday, and I did not see him again till Monday.
Q. Did you know him when you saw him on Monday?
Keys. Yes; I had seen him many times before.
Q. Are you very sure the prisoner is the man you caught with your cloth in Chick-lane?
Keys. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming down Saffron-hill and a cart hauled this cloth from the window; a man took it up and gave it me; and this man ran after me and took it away from me; I am a ship-carpenter.
For the Prisoner.


                  Elizabeth
                   Balls
               



            . I live in Smithfield; I was coming down Saffron-hill between four and five in the evening; I saw the prisoner take the cloth from the window; there was no cart at all; he ran down Chick-lane, and I gave this gentleman notice of it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


