






322. (L.) 
               
                  Sarah, the wife
 of 
                     
                        Samuel
                         Pembridge
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing two sattin cloaks, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Solomon
                      Shaw
                  




               
            , May 10
. *


                  Solomon
                   Shaw
               



            . I live in Houndsditch


. I am a haberdasher and stuff mercer
, &c. I went out between twelve and one o'clock. I came home in about an hour. Mr. 
               
                  Shaw
               


             the surgeon came to bleed my wife by appointment, seeing him in the shop and the prisoner treating with my wife about some goods, I walked round the compter, and saw about an inch and a half of a cloak hang out of her pocket; Mr. Shaw gave me an item that he saw it, and I looked at the prisoner, and I signified to him that I had seen it too; it appeared under her cloak, on her right side, I suppose in her right pocket: the prisoner had agreed for something and was going away, my wife asked her to leave earnest for it, she put her hand in her pocket and pulled something out; Mr. Shaw went round another compter and pulled out the corner of a cloak, and said, Good woman what is this? she said, A bit of my gown or petticoat, or some such thing; Mr. Shaw repeated the question, and gave it another pull, and out it came; she begged we would excuse her. I said I would commit her to the law, and fetched a constable.
Mr. 
               
                  Joseph
                   Shaw
               



            . When I came to Mr. Shaw's I found Mrs. Shaw behind the compter, the prisoner was treating with her about some goods. I am a surgeon, I went to let Mrs. Shaw bleed. I sat down a little while in the parlour, by and by I got up and went into the shop. I found she had not bought any thing, but was be speaking a cloak; in looking by the side of her red cloak, I saw something with lace upon it. Mr. Shaw came in, after speaking to him, he went round the compter to his wife. I gave him a hint of what I saw; he went to his wife again, she was going. I went round another compter, and took hold of it, and said, what is this? She said a rag, or a piece of her gown. I gave it a pull, and it came out. I said, is this a rag; she seemed immediately struck with a conviction of her crime, and then Mr. Shaw went for a constable. Whilst he was gone, Mrs. Shaw was exceedingly faint and hurried, and went into the parlour. The prisoner went into the room to her, and begged her to let her go before her husband came, and offered to go down upon her knees: after that I heard the prisoner say, here was another cloak; (that was after we would not let her go) she produced the other cloak. I was in the shop I did not see it, but I heard her. (The cloak produced.)
Prosecutor. These are all mine; here are tickets upon them with my own writing.


                  Hannah
                   Shaw
               



            . The prisoner said in the parlour, that if I would forgive her, she would give me another cloak of mine; she had in her pocket. I said I could not, I had a husband; then she pulled the cloak out of her pocket.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was a little confused, and did not know what I said or did. I got a cold when I lay in with my last child; and I do not know sometimes what I say or do.
For the Prisoner.
- Chapman. I have known her two or three years; she does not appear in her senses sometimes.
Q. Have you remembered any instances when she has been out of her mind?
Chapman. Yes; in her discourse sometimes.


                  Elizabeth
                   Willis
               



            . I live in Noble-street; I keep a chandler's shop; I have known her from a child; she always bore a good character. She lives in Coleman-street.


                  Hannah
                   James
               



            . I live in Coleman-street; I keep the White Swan. I have known her many years; she had a good character in the neighbourhood; she is a married woman
.
Q. What business is her husband?
James. A stone-mason.
Q. Have you observed her to be out of her mind?
James. I have observed her to be rather whimsical.
Willis. She always seemed so to me. I thought her whimsical in her mind.
Q. Did you look upon her to be out of her senses?
Willis. I did.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
