






655, 656. (M.) 
               
                  
                     CHARLES
                      THOMAS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      LEVERETT
                  



               
             were indicted; the first for 


               stealing four iron hoops, value 2 s. 4 d.
             the property of our Sovereign Lord 
               
the King



            , Aug. 2

.
Second Count for stealing seven iron hoops, value 4 s. the property of our Lord the King
Third Count for stealing, on the 10th of August, nine iron hoops, value 5 s. the property of our Lord the King.
Fourth Count for stealing, on the 20th of August, 56 lb. of wrought iron, value 9 s, the property of our Lord the King.
Fifth Count for stealing, on the 4th of September, two iron hoops, value 1 s. 2 d. the property of our Lord the King.
Sixth Count for stealing, on the 21st of September, two iron hoops, value 14 d. the property of our Lord the King. And the other for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 4th of September, four iron hoops, seven other iron hoops, nine other hoops, 56 lb. weight of wrought iron, two other iron hoops, being part of the above goods knowing them to have been stolen
            . *


                  James
                   Young
               



            . I am master cooper and storekeeper at the Victualling Office: I have often suspected hoops were missing; all the iron hoops there are marked with the maker's name and the broad arrow. Thomas has been a workman there six years; these hoops, which were the stores of the cooperage in which Thomas was employed, were open to him to take hoops, in order to hoop the casks. On the 21st of December I was before Justice Sherwood; some hoops were produced with marks belonging to the Victualling Office; there were two new ones that had never been used.


                  Thomas
                   Hare
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Leverett: I worked with him in June to September, down to the 20th; I know Thomas also. Leverett is a smith in East Smithfield; he makes grates: I have known Thomas twice or thrice in a week bring hoops in his pocket; he brought these hoops (describing them) in false leather pockets inside his coat; the hoops had the king's broad arrow upon them. On the 2d of August particularly, he brought four; they were tied up in order to make them portable. On the 3d o f September he brought two; all these hoops had the broad arrow upon them. On the 3d or 4th of September Leverett told me that if I could get any thing above twelve shillings per hundred for the hoops brought by Thomas, I should have all above that for myself, and said he had two or three hundred weight of the same kind to dispose of; Leverett cut one of these hoops Thomas brought in my presence, and beat out the broad arrow upon the anvil; then he gave to me a piece of that hoop as a sample of the iron he had to dispose of, and ordered me to go and dispose of it. I have seen Thomas bring iron to Leverett innumerable times. Instead of carrying this piece of iron I had for a sample to dispose of to any person, I went and made a discovery to the Lords of the Admiralty. When Leverett beat out the broad arrow, he said if that was seen upon them, the persons would not purchase it. Leverett gave three-pence halfpenny for each hoop, which weighed about three or four pound, and each hoop was in truth worth seven pence. I know Leverett gave that sum to Thomas, for I have seen him pay the money for the hoops,


                  James
                   Hayward
               



            . I know Thomas; I worked for Leverett; on the 2d or 3d of August, I saw the prisoner Thomas bring some iron about nine o'clock in the evening; he brought seven hoops, they were hoops belonging to butts, and they were new hoops, and the broad R was upon them; Leverett paid Thomas two-pence or three-pence each hoop; after that I worked up myself some of these hoops in grates for the use of my master; he brought some a second time to my master; them my master bought, and gave much about the same price; he came a third time, and that third time was the time when I was a-bed; he came about ten or eleven at night; I was a-bed in the same room where he came in; there was a candle in the room at the time; he came in and Leverett was there, and a woman who lives with him; before the candle was put out, I saw him throw one or two hoops out of his pocket, and then the candle was blown out, I believe by the woman, as to this last time before I got up, after the candle was blown out; we all went over the way to the Shovel; I got up and went after them there; before I got out of my bed I spoke to Thomas at the time Leverett was within hearing, to go into a back room of the same shop; the rooms are very small; while I was a-bed I myself spoke to Thomas; I asked him where he had the hoops; Thomas said from the Victualling Office; upon that Leverett said, poo poo, come over and have some boose; then I got up and followed them to the Shovel; when we were there, Thomas said he should have them for the price of seven shillings per hundred; they both offered me to have some at seven shillings per hundred; the same price Leverett had given Thomas.


                  John
                   Pagett
               



            . On the 21st of September we we were in search of both prisoners, we went towards Leverett's house; just as we had got to his house we met with 
               
                  Thomas
               


             the prisoner; the persons that were with me met Thomas at Leverett's door; out of this false pocket took two iron hoops; this was in Black-horse-yard close to Leverett's house; upon these hoops that we took upon him there was the mark of the broad arrow.


                  John
                   Farrel
               



            . When Thomas was searched on the 21st of September the day I took him; I took two hoops, one out of each pocket both marked with the broad R.
Q. to Young. Whether Thomas had been that day at the Victualing Office?
Young. Yes; and was gone when I took these hoops upon him; I had seen him there twice that morning, at nine and eleven o'clock.
- Child. I bought some hoops of Leverett with the broad arrow upon them; I took them for a debt Leverett owed me; he sent me home to my house a parcel of hoops with the broad arrow upon them.
Thomas's Defence.
I am totally innocent of the charge; I never sold any hoops to Leverett.
Leverett's Defence.
As to the old iron which Child speaks of, which was a transaction in January, there was one Nash who keeps an old iron shop, and makes nails; I buy my iron of that Nash; I bought those hoops of him which I sent to Child. As to the other charge of the iron spoken of by Hayward, and the other witnesses, I am innocent of that. As to Hayward he is a bad man, and has an anger against me; either of these witnesses would have said nothing at all, or spoke in my favour, if I had given them a guinea a piece.
For the Prisoner.


                  Arthur
                   Roberts
               



            . I am journeyman to Leverett: I took the iron to Child's in January last; he had the iron from Nash.


                  Jacob
                   Banyer
               



            . I have known Leverett six or seven years; he is a very worthy man. As to Hayward, last Monday I went with a woman, one Mrs. Hawkes, to a public house; she sent for Hayward; Hayward at last came into the house, and Mrs. Hawkes asked him if ever he saw Leverett buy or sell iron hoops; Hayward said I will not tell till I am in Court, and said that Leverett then used him ill, and beat him, and that he owed him money, and if he would not pay him he would transport him: this Mrs. Hawkes is a servant that lives with Leverett: He not only said if he would not pay him he would transport him, but likewise said if he would pay him he would favour him.
- Brown. I have known Leverett ten years; he has an honest character.
Mrs. Green. I have lodged in his house three months; I never saw Thomas bring any iron to the house; I never saw any iron of this kind in the house. I never saw any iron in the house but old iron, and no iron that had the broad arrow upon it.
THOMAS 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
LEVERETT 

               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14 Years
            .
