






77, 78. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Michael
                      Welch
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Lettia
                   Johnson
               



            , spinster

, were indicted. The first for 


               stealing one japan snuffbox, value 1 s. one silver nutmeg grater, value 1 s. two silver thimbles, value 1 s. two garner bracelets value 20 s. twelve rows of garnets, value 5 s. one silver breast buckle, one pair sprig, a brass watch case, value 6 s. seven pair of silver shoe buckles, value 1 l. 10 s. two pair of silver knee buckles, value 6 s. four plated stock buckles, value 4 s. two pair of silver knee buckles, value 2 s. four plated stone shoe buckles, value 30 s. one pair of stone knee buckles, value 3 s. one stone stock buckle, value 5 s. two pinchbeck watches, value 50 s. one metal snuff box, value 6 d. two silver pencil cases, value 2 s. one pinchbeck snuff box, value 6 s. one plated quart tankard, value 20 s. two plated pint mugs, value 20 s. one silver candle stick, value 5 s. two French plated candlesticks, value 2 s. three small plated candlesticks, value 5 s. one wax candlestick, value 2 s. one plated writer, value 5 s. one plated extinguisher, value 6 d. and two pair of plated snuffers, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Drybutter
                  



               
            ; and the other for 


               receiving part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Nov. 27

. ++


                  Samuel
                   Drybutter
               



            . I am a jeweller
. I keep a shop in Westminster Hall



. I lost these things from thence, the 26th or 27th of Nov. We locked the place up over night, and found it broke open in the morning. I generally go from thence about ten o'clock. There were three times more lost than are mentioned in the indictment. I went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's he advised me to print a bill, which I did. The other witnesses can give an account of the matter. I know nothing, only that they are property.


                  Richard
                   Bond
               



            . On November 29, Mr. Lane, who keeps a pawnbroker's shop in Holborn, sent down to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, to let him know that there was a woman had brought a pair of buckles which he suspected were taken out of the shop in Westminster Hall. Mr. Lane desired me to go down. I went. The woman said, she had them from one. Mrs. Johnson in Plumbtree-street. I went there, and asked her where she had them. She said, of the woman in the one pair of stairs, whose name was Pierpoint. She was called down. At last she said, she had them of one Mrs. Welch, who lived over the way; with that she offered to go with me. I went to Mrs. Welch, I saw her there, I I told her she must go with me to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, relating to the buckles she gave Mrs. Pierpoint. She seemed to be rather frightened, and desired to go up stairs. I said, I must go with her. I thought she began to shuffle a little. I said, I should be glad to see what you have got in your pockets. She said, I should not. I put my hand upon the outside of her apron, and there was something hard in her pocket. In struggling, a buckle fell out, after that her pocket came off. I gave Mr. Drybutter an inventory of them.
Q. Did she say whether she had or had not sent Mrs. Pierpoint?
Bond. She did not say the one thing or the other; then I took her to Mrs. Johnson, Mrs. Pierpoint was there and another woman. I saw Mr. Welch as I was going in. I desired him to come with me, for I had got his wife, agoing before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            .
Cross Examination.
Q. Are the things that were in that pocket all the things contained in the indictment? You told Mr. Welch you had taken his wife?
Bond. Yes.
Q. Did they live together as man and wife?
Bond. Yes, I believe they did.
Q. To Mr. Drybutter. Can you answer to all these things?
Drybutter. Yes.
Q. You charged a man with stealing a watch?
Drybutter. Yes.
Q. There was some mistake about that I believe?
Drybutter. No, there was not.


                  John
                   Broders
               



            . I searched her and found this watch and snuff box; Mr. Bond thought she had something more about her.


                  Nicholas
                   Bond
               



            . As soon as they were brought in, I asked my brother whether they had been searched; he said, No; I desired him to make all haste to the house. We searched him, and in the fob of his breeches I found this watch; in his pocket-book. I found these two pencil cases; and in his pocket I found these two snuff boxes (producing them.) I think it was his coat pocket. *
Q. To Drybutter. Do you know any thing of those things?
Drybutter. The watch is what I wear myself. I put the chain upon it, it has the same chain now.
Cross Examination.
Q. When did you search him?
Bond. About an hour before the justice came.
Q. The woman goes for his wife.
Bond. Yes; she always went for his wife.


                  Henry
                   Wright
               



            . Some of Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's constables went to search Mr. Welch's house. She told me where these things were. Mr. Welch told me, if I went in her shop in the Middle Row, there were three Cheshire cheeses, and a, Gloucestershire cheese, and under them was a hole, in that hole some saw-dust, and under that saw-dust were these things in a bag.
Q. What are they?
Wright. Here is a silver candlestick, and a plated candlestick (the goods produced.)
Prosecutor. They are all my property.


                  Michael
                   Welch
               



            's Defence.
I lent twenty guineas upon them (I have the witness in court) on the 28th of November. I lent it to one Hamilton and Williams, I knew Hamilton about five years ago; he is a watchmaker, he told me he was a jeweller, and failed in trade; that a write for fifty pounds was out against him; that he must borrow the money that night. I lent the money in my shop about a quarter after eight. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Smith
               



             and 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Bacon
               



             were present; and Hamilton and Williams were there.
Q. Then you have a house?
Welch. I had one then. My house consisted of six rooms, besides the cellar, mostly in my own occupation. I have only men lodgers. My maid goes down before me every morning to clean the shop. I laid these things among the cheeses, and she asked me what to do with them; I bid her throw them into the hole. I was a little in liquor I believe.
- Johnson's Defence.
My husband lent the money upon these goods. He ordered me to carry these things up stairs. I put them in my pocket. They remained in my pocket next day. I thought no more about them. I have no locks of any signification. I thought I might as well keep them in my pocket.
Welch. She is my wife.
For the Prisoner.


                  Thomas
                   Smith
               



            . I am a tallow-chandler upon Saffron-hill. I was at Mr. Welch's in November.
Q. What day?
Smith. I cannot tell. I served him with candles. I carried him some candles between seven and eight in the afternoon. Mr. Welch was standing by the door. Mrs. Welch and another woman came in presently. I spoke to Mr. Welch; Mr. Welch, and these two men were looking at a great part of the plate. Mr. Welch asked me if they were worth thirty-five pounds. I said I could not tell.
Q. Do you know what money was lent?
Smith. Nineteen guineas, twenty shillings in silver, and some half-pence. (the agreement is shown him.) That is my writing.
Q. Was it signed by somebody else?
Smith. Yes; a woman; she set her mark to it.
Q. Who wrote this paper?
Smith. Mr. Welch.
Q. Did you see the two men sign it?
Smith. I did not take notice.
Q. You said before, these two men signed it.
Smith. I saw them writing. They asked me to sign it.
Q. Was you acquainted with the woman?
Smith. I have seen her.
Q. What was her name?
Smith. They called her Mrs. Bacon.
Q. Should you know the goods if you saw them again?
Smith. I might. I only just took a cursory view of them.
Q. Was there no inventory taken?
Smith. No.
Q. So these people borrowed twenty-one pounds; they shoved them into a bag altogether, and trusted them with Welch, without an inventory?
Smith. He said his friend wanted to raise some money to save his being arrested.
Q. What did you understand Williams, to be?
Smith. As shopkeeper.
Q. Where do you live?
Smith. On Great Saffron-hill.
Q. How long have you lived there?
Smith. Going on two years.
Q. How long have you known him?
Smith. I have known him eight years.
The paper is read.
Novem. 28, 1770.
Wee janenly or sepertly promis to pay to Mr. 
               
                  Michel
                   Welch
               



             or order the sum of 21 pounds that he lent bus on one silver candelstick sum plated goods sum silver buckels with pleated ditto 2 mettel-watches besides some odder things that wee have a count of all them apon a defalter in peament thereof in 4 or 5. days Wee agree that the sead Welch shall dispose them to get his owen monney apon that condisson wee have set our hands.
Thomas Hamilton John Williams
Witnis Thos Smith 
               
                  Elisbets
                   Beakon
               



             her + mark.



                  Elizabeth
                   Bacon
               



            . I keep a house in Monmouth-court, Monmouth-street.
Q. Do you remember being at Mrs. Welch's?
Bacon. Yes.
Q. Did you sign any paper?
Bacon. Yes, I put my mark.
Q. What did you see?
Bacon. I went to Mrs. Welch's for some butter and cheese! two men came in: Mrs. Welch desired me to call her husband; he was at the Green Man: I went over for him. I told him one wanted him; he came home; these men were standing at the fire side; one said, he wanted a favour of him. Mr. Welch asked what; he said, a friend of his was put to a nonplus for some money, and wanted to make up a bill. I do not know the man, said Welch; but as to you, Hamilton, I have obliged you, and you never failed me; I am very scarce of money; what value have you; if I can oblige you and your friend I will; they made the agreement; they desired me to stand up. I stood up and signed it; he was to pay the money in five or six days, or the things were to be sold, Mr. Drybutter was with me at Mr. Welch's several times; for I kept the shop open to sell the butter, that it might not be spoiled.
Q. How long have you known Mr. Welch.
Bacon. Four or five years.


                  Elizabeth
                   Jackson
               



            . I have known Mr. Welch upwards of nine years; he has a good character.


                  Robert
                   Harris
               



            . I am a green grocer in Covent-Garden. I have known Welch sixteen years; he bears a good character.


                  Patrick
                   Madan
               



            . I am a baker in Russel-street Convent-Garden; he is a very honest man; I was bail for Mrs. Welch.
Mr. Rowley. I am a surgeon and man-midwife in Holbourn. I have known Welch four or five years. I always thought him a worthy honest man. I never heard any thing to prejudice his character.
- Philips. I am a joiner. I have known him between six and seven years; he kept a kind of a chandler's shop. I have trusted him; he always paid me honestly.
Welch 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Johnson 

               acquitted
            .
