






89, 90. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      James
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John
                      Bowell
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Pember
                  




               
            . Nov. 29
. ++


                  John
                   Pember
               



            . I live in Grosvenor-square. On the 29th of December, I was at Guild-hall


, about eleven o'clock in the forenoon. I stood with my back towards these lads. Mr. Pain told me, he saw Bowell take my handkerchief out of my left-hand pocket: he had then secured them both. He accused Bowell with it; and I saw the boy himself pull it out of his breeches. ( Produced and deposed to.)



                  William
                   Paine
               



            . On the 29th of December, at the time of drawing the lottery, I saw these two boys very busy at several gentlemens pockets. The Prisoner went up and leaned over the rail; Jones was by him; he had his hand in his right-hand pocket; there happened to be nothing in it. Bowell wheeled round to his left side, and took this handkerchief out of the left-hand pocket, and thrust it into his breeches. Then I said to the prosecutor, You are robbed; and we accused the boy, and he took it out of his breeches himself.
Jones's Defence.
I was going of an errand, and met this boy
; he asked me which way I was going? We went into Guild-hall, there I saw this handkerchief lying. He picked it up. I am going into ten years of age.
Bowell's Defence.
I met this boy, and asked, which way he was going? He said to Coleman-street. We went into Guild-hall, and saw this handkerchief lying; I picked it up, and the people laid hole of me, and said I had picked the man's pocket. I was going apprentice to a shagreen case-maker
.
Bowell 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Jones 

               acquitted
            .
See Bowell tried last sessions by the name of Bowen, No. 42, in last Sessions Paper.
