





496. (M.) 
               
                  
                     DAVID
                      SIMONS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing fifteen mens hats, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Hearn
                  




               
            , June 15th
.


                  William
                   Moreton
               



            . I am waggoner to Hearn's waggon; I travel from Chessom in Buckinghamshire to London; I loaded the waggon and put in a box of hats that I ordered myself at Mr. Cowper's on Holborn-hill for Mr. 
               
                  Foster
                   Nash
               



             at Chessom; I did not miss it till I got to the top of Drury-lane, St. Giles's; I never heard of the box again, here are the hats; I saw the box after one in the morning, and I missed it before two; it was packed about a yard or a yard and a half within the waggon; I do not think it was possible it could drop out; it was skewered down with a cloth over it; it was unskewered and the box gone.



                  Thomas
                   Lawson
               



            . I received this box of hats on Tuesday evening; I booked it and it was put in the waggon; I know nothing of it since. Mr. Cooper's boy came on Monday evening and informed me the hats were in custody of an officer, and a person had been examined that morning; it was skewered down so that I think it was impossible to shake out.


                  William
                   Taylor
               



            . I am a watchman; I stopped the prisoner about half after two in the morning, standing by the posts in Moorfields; I saw two men coming down Chissel-street; they shunned me and went down to the lower part of the postern; I pursued the prisoner and stopped him; he had this bag on his back (producing it); I asked him what he had got; he said he would not tell; I took him to the watch-house; I found these hats in it; I asked him how he came by them; he said he found them about half a mile up Holborn.
Q. to the waggoner. Was that bag with them?
Moreton. No, they were nailed down in a deal box.


                  John
                   Matthews
               



            . I live with 
               
                  Thomas
                   Cooper
               



             a hatter on Holborn-hill; I know the hats to be my master's property; I buttoned and looped them myself; some of them are marked T. C. with a stamp; we pack three together and mark the undermost hat; some are marked T. C. some D. we set down the price with the letter; I am sure these are the hats; they were packed up in a box and directed for 
               
                  Foster
                   Nash
               



            , Chessom; I corded the box myself and nailed it down.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to Covent Garden market, and as I came up Holborn by an arch near St. Andrew's Church, I saw this bag lie close against the wall, I took it up and came down Holborn; I met one Mrs. 
               
                  Bradley
               


             a market woman; she asked me how I did; I said I have been very lucky this morning, I have found a prize.
For the Prisoner.


                  Ann
                   Bradley
               



            . I am a market woman; going to market one morning about two or three o'clock I met the prisoner; he told me he had found that bag with some hats in it; he lives in Rose-alley, Bishopsgate-street; I have known him no other way than as being at market.
The prisoner called two other witnesses who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
