





729. (M.) 
               
                  
                     GEORGE
                      HAWES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty-nine guineas, a half guinea, four moidores, a thirty six-shilling piece, and twenty one shillings in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Toy
                  




               
            , Sept. 13
. +


                  Richard
                   Toy
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Shaddock, a farmer, at Shepherd's Bush


; I had half a guinea and a shilling in a pair of breeches, and the rest in a boot that hung up in my room. The prisoner and I were servants together; he a weekly and I a yearly servant
. On the 13th of September he left my master, and went to Hammersmith; the day following I missed my money; I went to enquire after him at Hammersmith, and heard he was gone to London in the coach. On the 15th I went to London after him, and met with him accidentally in Oxford street, in the Worcester stage; I took him and brought him to Mr. Shear's, the turnpike house at Kensington Gravel Pits, and sent for my master; my master came and asked him what he had done with my money; he said he had bought some clothes with part of it; the rest he had in his pocket; he gave what money he had about him to my master.
Q. What was that?
Toy. About twenty-two pounds; he said before the Justice the boot was tumbled down and he took it out of the room; the clothes he had bought with part of the money he had on; he had a hat, a thickset coat, and a pair of breeches all new, and a pair of silver shoe buckles, and a watch; he owned they were all bought with part of my money. I can swear to one of the half crowns that was found upon him. I have had it in my care fifteen years; it has a stroke like an eye on the head side. (He points it out.)


                  William
                   Shaddock
               



             deposed that he was sent for to the turnpike house, and confirmed the last witness.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never owned that I took the money; I found thirty guineas.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
