





556. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George
                      Bail
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat and one cloth waistcoat, value 4 s. a linen shirt, five neckclothes, one pair of leather shoes, and a metal buckle gil, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Lacy
                  




               
            , August 9
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Lacy
               



            . I am a coachman
, I live in Harrord-street, Rag Fair; the prisoner worked for me in the livery stables. I am coachman to one Mr. Broughton. I lost a blue coat, it was not a livery coat, it was my own; the waistcoat was the same colour. I lost a linen waistcoat besides, and a shirt, five neckclothes, and a pair of leather shoes; two handkerchiefs and my razors, and a gilt metal buckle.
Q. What may be the value of them?
Lacy. About six pounds.
Q. What reason have you to think the prisoner had them.
Lacy. The day I employed him he stole a knife, July 21, and on Sunday morning the 4th of August, I found the stable broke open, three tiles were taken from the roof, and two boxes were broke open, and I missed these things. I found the shirts, four neckcloths, &c. (repeated the things mentioned.) I took him up the week afterwards, August 13, in the Strand. He was in the street, he stood against a door; I had a warrant in my pocket; he had the shoes on his feet.
Q. Did you make any promise to him?
Lacy. No; he said, he would produce all the things if I would give him a week to do it.
Q. Did he say how he had taken them?
Lacy. No; I charged him with taking them. and he said he sold them in Monmouth Street. He did not know at whose shop. I took him through the street to see if he could see the man; he did not; he told me where the shirt and three of the neckcloths were; they were in the same place where he directed him. The linen was in boxes, the boxes were broke open.
Thomas Hill. I am a shoe-maker, I never saw the prisoner till he was taken; I saw him before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , there he confessed the whole robbery to me, and several more in the office; and how he got in; he said he had taken the whole of the cloaths, and had sold them in Monmouth Street. The prisoner delivered these two pawnbroker's duplicates to me while in Bridewell (producing them,) so we found where the shirt and neckcloths were pawned.
Mr. Henshaw. I am a pawnbroker, this neckcloth (producing it,) was pawned by a woman, this is the duplicate I gave to the woman, (deposed to by the prosecutor.) The prisoner said before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , he sent the woman to pawn these things.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, but threw himself on the mercy of the court.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
