





59. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      THOMAS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two checkshirts, value six shillings, one linen shirt, value three shillings, one pair of men's leather shoes, value four shillings, one silk handkerchief, value three shillings, one pair of cloth breeches, value ten shillings, and one canvas bag. value six pence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Hollwell
                  




               
            , November 17th
.



                  JOHN
                   HOLLWELL
               



             sworn.
I live in Devonshire, I am a mariner
. I belonged to the ship Sardinia


; my chest was broke open, and robbed of the wearing apparel mentioned in the indictment, while I was working aboard another ship. On Sunday was a fort-night, part of my cloaths were found on the prisoner's back; and he confessed that he unlooked the chest; that he had sold the handkerchief; the shoes he said had been taken out of his pocket on Tower-hill. (The cloaths were produced in Court, and deposed to by the prosecutor).


                  ISAAC
                   GRAY
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer at the Victualling-office, and knew both the prosecutor and prisoner. On the 1st of December I met the prisoner with the prosecutor's jacket and shirt on his back: I asked him why he robb'd 
               
                  John
                   Hollwell
               



            . He began to be obstreperous; I took him to justice Sherwood's office: I told him if he would tell us whether he broke the chest open or not, we would be favourable and speak for him: he said he would as lieve go to Newgate as not, and if he should be hang'd, he was not the first.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was aboard the ship a week: the mate told me if I would not be more nimble I must go ashore: I told him I would not go till the captain came. On Friday the captain came on board, and on Saturday morning the captain asked what I had taken out of the ship, this man said nothing: the captain gave me a shilling when I went on shore.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASTON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


