





597. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Fielder
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of ticken breeches, value 1 s. a clasp knife, value 6 d. an iron snuff box, and a pair of brass sleeve buttons
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Wood
                  




               
            , July 27
.


                  John
                   Wood
               



            . I am a brick-maker
, and work for Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Scott
               



            . I live in Hoxton. I lost the things, mentioned in the indictment, out of Mrs. Riddle's Rents. As I came home from work, on the 29th of July, I met this woman; she asked me to go and see her room that she had taken for herself, in Mrs. Riddle's Rents, in Kingsland road


; there was another man and woman there; they had a pot of beer, I drank with them; I sent for another; they went away; she asked me to stay and lie with her all night; I did. About twelve at night her landlady came down, and said she saw some man go into her room, and she would nor suffer it. The prisoner bid me hold my tongue, and she would stand the cause. Her landlady went away, she asked me to give her a shilling and go to bed with her, which I did. I pulled my shirt off, for fear of catching any vermin. When I awaked in the morning, the prisoner was gone, and all the things mentioned in the indictment. I went home, and cleaned myself, and went into the alley, and enquired for her. She was gone. I met her with a black man, going into Tower-street; she had my breeches in her hand; I charged a constable with her, who took her to the Poultry compter; where I took my key, buttons, a little box, and a knife from her.
Parker. I was charged with the prisoner; I found the breeches upon her, and the things mentioned in the indictment, in the Compter, by the prosecutor.
The prisoner, in her defence, said that the prosecutor came up to her and asked for one Birmingham Bet; she told him that she was not at home, but asked him to sit down and wait for her; that he wanted to be rude with her; that she went out for a pot of beer, and would not return again, as she thought her husband would find the prosecutor in her lodgings, and be angry with her; that we gave the breeches to her husband, in whose hands the beadle found them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
