





646. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William
                      Aspland
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eighty gallons of porter, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Read
                  




               
            , July 30th
.
- Canterel. I am servant to Mr. Read; the porter was stolen from a cellar of Mr. Read's, on the 31st of July. It was evident some body had been in the cellar; I gauged the vessels; one was deficient fifty gallons, and the other thirty; the corks had been lately drawn.


                  Jonathan
                   Brooks
               



            . The cellaris under my house; I saw the prisoner, on the 29th of July, take his adze from his side, and take the hinges off the cellar door. I took no notice; I thought he was a servant belonging to the brewhouse.


                  John
                   Griffiths
               



            . I am fifteen years of age; my father lives opposite. I saw the prisoner roll fix eighteen gallon casks into the cellar, they were empty I know.
- Outterbridge. I saw the cellar open; I thought there was somebody in the cellar; the prisoner put his head out of the door; a sailor that was with me asked for some beer; he said he had no mug; I went to borrow a mug, and found the sailor helping the prisoner to get some casks out of the cellar, and I assisted him; he was dressed in a brewer's frock, a red waistcoat, and red cap: I thought he was the brewer's servant. Afterwards I suspected him, and informed the brewer; he was taken up afterwards.


                  Ann
                   Brooks
               



            . I saw the prisoner bring a truck and place the barrels on it, and take them away.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am not the person; I am innocent; I was at home in bed.
For the Prisoner.


                  Jane
                   Scull
               



            . On Wednesday, the 30th, my husband got up at four in the morning; he called the prisoner, his door was barred and bolted, and he was in bed; the prisoner bears a good character.


                  Ann
                   Davis
               



            , 
               
                  John
                   Day
               



            , - Hill, 
               
                  John
                   Hook
               



            , and - King all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
