





692. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Cobham
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Hockey
                        




                     
                  , on the 21st of Sept. about the hour of seven in the night, and stealing seven silk handkerchiefs, value 23 s. the property of the said John, in his dwelling house
            , September 21st
. +


                  John
                   Hockey
               



            . I am a hosier
 and haberdasher
; I live in Devonshire street


. My house was broke open between seven and eight o'clock; I was in my shop, the glass was suddenly broke, in; I ran out of the shop, and in the street lay a piece of ribbon. I looked in at the hole, and missed some silk handkerchiefs; I could not tell how many: upon examination I missed seven; two of the handkerchiefs hung on a line, next to the pane of glass that was broke, five lay about twenty inches from the showboard; a woman that stood opposite the shop said the thief ran through there, which was a dark passage, into Gloucester street; I pursued him; when I came into Gloucester street, I halloo'd out stop thief; I could hear them cry at the top of the street, stop him, for here he comes. When I came up I found two men had got the prisoner in custody, 
               
                  William
                   Blotcham
               



            , and 
               
                  William
                   Lewis
               



            ; Mr. Blotcham had two of my handkerchiefs, which he said he had taken from the prisoner; one of the prisoners hands was bloody. I took him before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            ; he said there that it was the first offence he had ever committed; he said so again, when he was examined on the Wednesday following.
Q. You say this was between seven and eight o'clock; was it light?
Hockey. No; I had lighted candies some time.
Q. I take it day light was not gone?
Hockey. It was dusk, I could not see without candles; I told the person that drew up the indictment between seven and eight; he set it down seven, he said it was seven till eight o'clock.
Q. from the prisoner. Whether he did not swear, before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , that he saw me break his windows and take out two handkerchiefs?
Hockey. No; I did not.


                  William
                   Blotcham
               



            . As I was sitting in my own house in King'sgate street, at the top of Gloucester street, I heard the cry of stop thief; I ran out of doors, and by the light of the butcher's shop, opposite me, I saw him running; I saw the butcher throw him down; I lifted him up by the collar, and I saw in his hand two handkerchiefs, and his hand was very bloody, it ran down in drops. (these are the two handkerchiefs, producing them.)
Prosecutor. These are mine, here is my mark upon them, in my own hand writing. I took him to Sir John's, he said it was the first offence he had done, and hoped he should be forgiven; he said he had a wife, at down-lying; he said, on the Wednesday following, he was roving about almost mad for want of money, that his head fell through the window, and the handkerchiefs fell out, and he picked them up; there were five other handkerchiefs I find pick'd up, which a man put in his pocket, and they have never been heard of since. I advertised them, but have not been able to recover them.


                  William
                   Lewis
               



            . I am servant to the butcher that lives at the corner of King'sgate-street. I was standing at my master's shop door about half after seven o'clock, I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw a man coming by on the other side of the way, I missed my catch at him, I told him I would have him, run as fast as he would; I got him, I saw him throw something with his left hand, I saw the motion of his hand, I don't know what it was, I saw something in his hand; Mr. Blotcham came up directly as I had seized him, I went to the Justices on Wednesday, I heard him say, that going along, almost mad for want of money, his head fell through the window, and the handkerchiefs fell out.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a bricklayer's labourer
; I had been at Crane-court just by where this accident happened, to ask for a jobb; on coming along a man ran by me, and dropped some things, I halloo'd after him, he made no answer; I stooped to pick up these things, when I had picked them up the man was out of sight; they began crying out stop thief, and I was stopped when I got to the top of the street, and it proved to be two handkerchiefs that I had picked up.
Q. to the prosecutor. How long after you came out of the house was it before you ran down that dark passage?
Hockey. Not above one minute.
Q. Did you see any other man as you was pursuing the prisoner?
Hockey. No.




               Guilty of stealing only
            , 


               T
            .
