





71. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      LANCASTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of linen sheets, a copper tea-kettle, and two flat irons
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Morris
                  




               
            , Nov. 29
. *


                  Thomas
                   Morris
               



            . The prisoner lodged at my house with Walker; she passed for his wife; I lost while she was there three pair of sheets, two flat irons, and a tea-kettle. I do not know whether she took them, or him.
(The sheets produced by Walter, a pawn-broker, who took them in of the prisoner, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I thought the goods were his own; he took me there, and when I was distressed, he bid me make money of them.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Did they bring any goods with them?
Prosecutrix. No, only the cloaths on their backs; she had the irons of me, and the sheets.
(A pawn-broker produced the irons, which he took in of the prisoner, which were deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner. I was very innocent of it; it is all spite; they would have made it up for eighteen shillings and six-pence. Walker used me very ill; the landlord and landlady know how I have cried out murder.
Court. Yes, they have said that already, that he used to thresh you.
For the Prisoner.


                  Barnard
                   Bishurton
               



            . I have known the prisoner six years; she was a servant
 to me four years ago; she behaved very honestly, and bore a very good character.
Q. Did you ever see her by the name of Lancaster?
Bisharton. No.
Q. Then you don't think it an aspersion on a woman's character to live with a man that is not her husband?
Prisoner. I should never have lived with him if he had not constantly used me ill, and beat me.


                  Margartt
                   M'Garmon
               



            . I live in Water-lane, Fleet-street; I keep a house of lodgers; she washed a day, and ironed for me, and I lost nothing.
Q. How long is that ago?
M'Garmon. About a quarter of a year.


                  Catherine
                   Sheridan
               



            . I live in Fleet-market; I sell fruit in the street; I have known her since she was ten years old; she behaved very well.
Q. Are you of the same country?
Sheridan. Yes.
A Witness. She is her sister.




               Guilty. 10 d.
            



               T
            .
