





525. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      DAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two iron pick axes with wooden handles, value 4 s. an iron shovel with a wooden handle, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward
                            Roberts
                        



                     
                  , an iron shovel with a wooden handle, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac
                            Noble
                        



                     
                  , and an iron shovel with a wooden handle, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David
                            Phillips
                        



, June 6
. +


                  Edward
                   Roberts
               



            . I lost two pick-axes and a shovel in the night, between the 5th and 6th of June. Noble and Phillips were at work for me, near Marybone Bason


; they lost their two shovels at the same time; they were put over night in a coach house, that stands in a yard, which had a gate that locked up; we found the gate open next morning, and the tools mentoned in the indictment were missing. I went to seek after the tools, and 
               
                  William
                   Bannister
               



             informed me, that he had taken up. Day early that morning with some tools upon him; (the tools produced and deposed to by the different owners, whose marks were on them.)


                  William
                   Bannister
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner on the 6th of June, about three in the morning. I saw the prisoner with some tools on his shoulder; I suspected him, and asked him what he had got? he said he had been working at the Gravel Pit; that his master and he had had some words, and he was going to seek for another place; I secured him. He said he had brought these things from Barnet and St. Albans; these tools were found upon him.
Prisoner's Defence.
My son-in-law brought the things to me, in order to set me out to work; I gave him 6 s. for them; I don't know how he came by them.




               Guilty 3 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


