





175. (L.) 
               
                  Benjamin, otherwise 
Abraham Sanders


            , was indicted for 


               stealing one woollen cloth coat, value 20 s. one woollen cloth waistcoat, value 10 s. one pair of woollen cloth breeches, value 5 s. one pair of shag breeches, value 5 s. four linen shirts, value 8 s. four linen shifts, value 8 s. one linen gown, and one piece of linen cloth, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ralph
                            Cathro
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Ralph
            , January 26
. ++


                  Ralph
                   Cathro
               



            . I live in Seething Lane


. The prisoner robbed me of the things mentioned in the indictment. He used to come backwards and forwards to my house. I have two young fellows who lodge in the garret. On the twenty-sixth of January I lost the goods mentioned in the indictment; I missed them about ten at night. I had heard the prisoner had been seen about my house; that made me suspect him: I met him next evening at the Angel in the Minories, when he had one of my shirts on his back.


                  Thomas
                   Perkins
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to the public house in the Minories, and a charge given of the prisoner. He fell on his knees, owned every thing, and said, he had left the cloaths and gown at Mr. White's in Wych-street (the goods produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.) The prisoner said, he had left a bundle of linen at Five Bell Court, in Houndsditch, at one Isaac's, a necklace-maker. We went there; there were no goods there. The bundle was produced by the turnkey at the Compter.
Joseph Hill. The prosecutor came to me on Sunday. I went with him to the Angel, where we found the prisoner. The prosecutor entered into conversation with the prisoner, and asked him if he did not rob his house. I went for a constable: the prisoner was carried to Cathro's house; there he went down on his knees, and confessed he had every thing Mr. Cathro laid to his charge, and said, he should have all his things again; that they should have part in Houndsditch. We did go there; we had a hundred Jews about us there; in five minutes, two hundred: we thought it time to make our retreat.


                  Sebastian
                   Witts
               



            . On Saturday, about eleven at night, the prisoner came into my house; I found him in my back kitchen; I knew him. He said, he had met with a bargain, and desired to leave the bundle there till he should call for it. We examined it, and found it contained these cloaths, and a gown. He left it there till these people came and took it away.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had the bundle and the linen; I was found with the shirt on my back; but I did not steal any of them, for I happened to be somewhere about Temple Bar, where I met a man with a bundle; he asked me to buy it, which I did, and paid for it. I have no witness to my character: I am a Polish Jew
; I have lived here three years.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
