





196. (L.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      OWEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing forty-eight yards of stuff called morine, value 4 l. 10 s. and a linen wrapper, value 8 d.
             ++
- Carpenter. I am warehouse-man to Mr. Webb, in Gracechurch-street; I looked out two pieces of morine, about forty-eight yards, to be sent to the George in Smithfield


; they were carried by 
               
                  Richard
                   Hooper
               



            .


                  Richard
                   Hooper
               



            . I carried the morine to the George inn; I delivered it I believe to the book-keeper of the inn; it was to be sent to Hagley in the waggon; I carried it on the 3 d. instant.


                  Richard
                   Weston
               



            . The prisoner acknowledged stealing this out of the George-yards, and carried it to one Bugden , in the Rounds in Smithfield; we found it at Bugden's house at Hoxton; Bugden acknowledged he had it of the prisoner; when before the Justice the prisoner acknowledged it was the piece he stole.


                  Thomas
                   Compton
               



            . I remember the prisoner owned he stole the morine from the George in Smithfield, and he said he carried it to Bugden's.


                  Robert
                   Rowe
               



            . I found this morine in Bugden's house, in Hoxton, in the cellar under the stairs; it has been in my custody ever since.
- Carpenter. They have cut the mark off that we always make to these goods, that I cannot swear to it; I believe it to be a piece of our goods by the colour.
- Longsden. I keep the George inn; I am answerable for whatever is brought there to be carried by theHagley waggon.
Prisoner's Defence.
They asked me if I had seen such a piece; I said I had seen something like it; I do not know any thing about it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
