





558. (M.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      FRASIER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven guineas, the property of 
                     
                        Fenton
                         Robinson
                     



                  , privately from his person
            , June 9. +


                     Fenton
                      Robinson
                  




               
            . I live in the Strand. I was coming down Plough Court, Clement's Lane


, between nine and ten in the evening, on the 9th of June. This 
               
                  Mary
                   Frasier
               



             took seven guineas out of my pocket against the wall; she picked me up.
Q. Was you concerned with her?
Robinson. No: I missed my money out of my pocket; I had it a few minutes before.
Q. Her hands were near your money I suppose?
Robinson. Yes; I charged her with taking it, and she owned it. I took her to the watch-house; they threatened to search her, and then she resigned it up, and I received it again.
Q. Who committed her?
Robinson. Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            .
Q. You are certain you did not feel her hands in your pocket?
Robinson. I did not. I only missed my money.
Q. Did you give her the money or any part of it?
Robinson. No; I gave her what I promised. I live in the Strand; I am clerk to Messrs. Chapman and Sheppard.
Q. Was you sober?
Robinson. Yes, perfectly so.


                  John
                   Hurle
               



            . I am a watchman; going up Plough Court, on the 9th of June; between nine and ten in the evening. I heard a noise; the prisoner said, here is Hurle the watchman; the prosecutor said the prisoner had robbed him of seven guineas; I was going on duty; the prisoner and prosecutor were together; I said, Sir, can you make your assertion good? he said, yes; then I took them both to the watch house, and before the Justice; next day she produced the money in the watch house; she put her hand in her pocket, and laid six guineas on the table; he insisted she had another guinea; then with some hesitation she pulled it out of her bosom; she said very little; I believe she was very much in liquor.
Q. Did she say it was her own?
Hurle. She said something I cannot say what.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was in Clare Market, the prosecutor asked me where I was going; I said for something for supper; he asked if I would go with him; I said, no; at last I consented to go; he asked me to drink a glass of wine; I said, no; he said he would make me a present of some money if I would go with him; he gave me six guineas, the other he took from me was not his. Hurle is not a watchman; he said he would take us to a public house, and instead of that took me to the watchhouse; the man took away my cloak from me; they said I should have it again, and then the prosecutor said he would give me a guinea for my cloak.
For the Prisoner.


                  Francis
                   Folks
               



            . I keep a turner's and chandler's shop in the Strand. I have known the prisoner some little time; she used my shop; she had a good character, and always paid me very honestly. The night this happened she was invited to a burying with me and my wife; she was with us till nine o'clock, and then she went out to get something for supper.



                  Robert
                   Hindmash
               



            . I am a serjeant in the first regiment; my wife is laundress for the officers; her woman disappointed her, so I enquired for a sober woman, and found the prisoner; she has worked for us two years. I always found her an honest sober woman.


                  Mary
                   Pyne
               



            . I live in Exeter Court; my husband is a leather dresser. I have known the prisoner since September last; she has lodged in my house ever since September. I always looked upon her to be a very sober woman, and her husband a very sober man. She is very well respected in the neighbourhood.


                  William
                   Thwaite
               



            . I am a serjeant in the first regiment; I have known her ever since she was married, that is about two years ago.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
