





136. (M. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     Jacob
                      Michells
                  



               
            , broker
, was indicted for 


               stealing a worsted coverlid, value 3 s. a looking-glass, in a walnut-tree frame, value 5 s. another looking-glass, with a painted frame, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Mylam
                  




               
            , December 26
. *
Wil. Mylam. On the 26th of December, I was called out of my work-shop, and told I was robbed. Some of my neighbours brought the prisoner back; he would not stand search: I bid him go about his business. He went away, and they brought him back again in about five minutes time. They told me where my things were. I went with them into Old Gravel-lane, and saw my things lying in a shop on a counter. Then we took them to my house. I took the prisoner before Justice Camper, who made his mittimus to Newgate.



                  Edward
                   Robertson
               



            . The prisoner came to my house that day between ten and eleven o'clock, and asked for an ounce of tea. Then he asked liberty to leave two looking-glasses and a cover-lid, and said he would call again; and in about half an hour after the prosecutor came with him, and took them away. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I buy old clothes about London. I was in Old-Gravel-lane; a woman called to me, to know if I would buy a looking-glass. I bought it for seven shillings and six-pence. I went into a shop to buy some tea, and desired the gentleman to let me put them there till I came back. I was going to buy some goods. I went to that broker's shop to buy a bedstead. We could not agree for it: there they took and searched me: nothing was found upon me. They offered to make it up if I would pay a guinea and a half, and I would not.
Prosecutor. Never such a word was mentioned. Israel Joseph and 
               
                  Betty
                   Lazrous
               



             appeared to his character, and said they had lent him money, and he had paid them again.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
