






273. (2d. M) 
               
                  
                     CHARLES
                      MAYBRICK
                  , otherwise 
                     
JOHN JONES




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of women's shoes, value three shillings, and eight pair of men's leather shoes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Grear
                  




               
            , March 1
. ~


                  John
                   Grear
               



            . I am a shoemaker
 in Newport Street


. In December and the latter end of January, I missed several pair of shoes. On the 1st of March, Mr. Leighton a pawnbroker in Wardour Street, sent to me, and informed me that a pair of men's shoes were offered him to pawn, that answered to the description I had given him of some I had lost. I found there the rest of the shoes mentioned in the indictment.


                  James
                   Vincent
               



            , I am servant to Mr. Leighton, a pawnbroker in Wardour Street. The prisoner offered a pair of shoes to pawn on the 1st of March: knowing he worked with the prosecutor, I suspected the shoes belonged to him; I went and informed him of it. The prisoner had pawned a pair at our house before.
- Priestman. The prisoner pawned four pair of shoes at my master's.
- Wilson. I am a pawnbroker. I took in four pair of shoes of the prisoner in January and February. The shoes were produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I kept a shop in Little Poultney Street. I rather failed, and then I removed to Wardour Street, where I worked sometime for my own customers. These shoes were my own property; I pawned them because I wanted a trifle of money.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who had known him a great many years, and gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
