






34, 35. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH
                      LUMDAY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH
                      MILLS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing four silver tea-spoons, value 4 s. and two silver table-spoons, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George
                      Mould
                  




               
            , Nov. 18
. +


                  George
                   Mould
               



            . I lost two table-spoons, and four tea-spoons. I saw them that evening. The two that were brought into my house were my property; they were marked J. A. B. the other A. M. They are not all of a sort; 
               
                  Levi
                   Moses
               



             brought them to me.


                  Levi
                   Moses
               



            . I live in Houndsditch, in the Fire-ball-court; I am a baker. A person sent for me, and told me there were two ladies wanted to sell some spoons. I went in the public-house; I saw the two prisoners standing together; it was at the King's-arms at Houndsditch. 
               
                  David
                   Funendos
               



             sent for me, knowing me to be a constable. I said, have you two spoons to sell? Lumley said, yes. He drew out one tablespoon. I said, where is the other? He then drew out the other. I asked what he wanted for them. He said 10 s. for both. Mills said nothing. I took them into custody. Then I said to the fellow that fetch'd me, go and bring handcuffs: he brought them. I said, now tell me how you came by the spoons. Loveday said his mother gave them to him to sell or pawn. I took a coach, and put them in, and searched the other. I found four small tea-spoons on him, wrapped up in this bit of flannel. I observed he searched to shuffle in the coach, made me search him. I asked how he came by them? He said, to tell you the truth, I had them of an uncle of mine, one Betmaker, a master cow-keeper. Next day we went to Mrs. Betmaker's, to ask if she had lost any spoons. She said she could not tell, but would go and look over her plate. She, after looking over them, said, no, she had lost none. She has spoons of the same letters as these last two, but the same make.
Loveday's Defence.
I found them in the entry in Betmaker's.
Mills's Defence.
They were found wrapp'd up in that piece of flannel in the same passage.
Both 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


