






145, 146. (M. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Wild
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Elizabeth, wife
 of 
                     
                        William
                         Boyce
                     







            , were indicted, the first, for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Francis
                            Stevens
                        



                     
                  , on the 10th of February

, about the hour of twelve in the night, and stealing two cheeses, value 10 s.
             the property of the said Francis; and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            . *


                  Francis
                   Stevens
               



            . I live at New Brentford



. On the 10th or 11th of February, my warehouse was broke open.
Q. Does your warehouse join your dwelling-house?
Stevens. No; it is cross the yard from my dwelling house; it joins to my kitchen.
Q. Does any body sleep in that part?
Stevens. No; I missed some cheeses; there being a great quantity, I cannot tell how many were missing. My servant seeing mark of feet upon some coals, told me of it I went into the cellar, and saw it myself; they led to the hole where the jack-weight went down. I went into my warehouse above, and saw marks of feet on some cheeses. The prisoner Wild had lived with me about two months, and had been gone but the Sunday before. I suspected him. I ordered the watchman, if he saw any body about there, to secure them. On the Monday, the watchman called me up before twelve at night, and told me, he had got one of them. He had got a boy. I examined him if he was not concerned with Wild? He said, No, he never was; but he had told him, he could get up a hole and get things; and he had received some nutmegs from him. Then I went w ith the watchman to the woman's house at the bar, where Wild lived, and called him to get up; he was some time before he did. When I charged him, he cryed, and desired to speak with me backwards. He then told me he had taken a cheese. Soon after he said he had taken two, and that they were in that house. We found one in the cellar cut in two, and about three pounds of it gone. The man of the house declared his innocence; he went up stairs to his wife. The other cheese was found in his bed-room, but I was not by at the time.
Q. Why was not the man indicted, and not the woman?
Prosecutor. Wild charged her only, and said, she told him, she would find a secret place to put what he brought.
The watchman confirmed that of Wild's confession, and finding the two cheeses.
Stevens junior gave the same account his father had done.
The two prisoners denied knowing any thing of the cheeses.
Wild 


               guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
Boyce 

               acquitted
            .
