






10. (M.) 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                      WADE
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, a blue crape gown, value 15 s. a linen gown, value 6 s. a pair of jumps, value 4 s. two linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s. and a check apron, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Flocks
                  




               
            , Aug. 12
. ++


                  Joseph
                   Flocks
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in Brick-lane, Spital-fields


; the prisoner was my servant
; when I came home from work on the 12th of August about eight at night, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner was gone away, and we saw no more of her till the 19th of November, when she was taken.
The prosecutor's wife deposed that she went out that day about three o'clock and returned at six at which time she missed the prisoner and the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  Thomas
                   Ramsay
               



            . I am a waiter at the Basing-house in Kingsland-road; the prisoner came there about a week after she left her master, she said she came by the Edmonton stage; there was another woman with her; they sent for a young man that lived in the neighbourhood to supper, and then they went all away together. I pulled out my watch to see the time, at the request of the prisoner; I told her; she said she had left a better watch than that in Bishopsgate-street.


                  Joseph
                   Baker
               



            . I bought this watch (producing it) of the prisoner; it was pawned in Gracechurch-street for a guinea; I took it out of pawn and paid her thirteen shillings more.


                  Elizabeth
                   Capps
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Bunhill-row; this pair of jumps and two pair of sleeves (producing them) were pawned with me by the prisoner.
The prisoner, in her defence, said, her master gave them to her.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
