





480. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      PRICHARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one hair trunk, value 2 s. one silk gown, value 3 l. one muslin gown, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        Ann
                         Sear
                     



                  , one sattin gown, value 3 l. one linen gown, value 10 s. and six muslin aprons, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        Elizabeth
                         Lynell
                     



                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William
                         Simpole
                     



, May 26th
. +


                  Ann
                   Sear
               



            . Miss Lynell and I were upon a visit at Hampton; I delivered the things mentioned in the indictment, in a trunk, to the Hampton coach, to be carried to the Castle inn, Piccadilly


; when we came to town the things were gone; I saw them afterwards at Justice Sherwood's. The prisoner confessed before the Justice he took the trunk out of the tap room.


                     Elizabeth
                      Lynell
                  




               
            . My things were in the same trunk; they were sent to the Castle Inn. I saw the prisoner and some of the things at Justice Sherwood's; he confessed taking the trunk


                  Eleanor
                   Simpool
               



            . My husband keeps the Castle, in Piccadilly; the trunk was brought by the stage to our house, and left to be called for; the trunk was missing; I thought some passenger might have took it. I attended at the Justice's and saw the trunk; I cannot swear to it; it is like the trunk that was brought to our house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I confess I took the trunk; I have no witnesses at all.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
