





419. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      GROVES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of men's leather shoes, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Michael
                            Waring
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            , June 26th
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Lyoe
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Waring, a shoe-maker
. On the 26th or 27th of June, about eleven o'clock at night, I was backwards in a room behind the shop; somebody came to the door, and said, shoe maker, some of your shoes are gone; I ran out and saw the shoes on the ground, about ten or a dozen yards from the door; I picked them up; they have been in the constable's custody ever since; I had seen them on the shelf about a quarter of an hour before. (The shoes are produced).
Lyne. I know them to be my master's property; they have a stamp on the sole.


                  John
                   Falgan
               



            . I live facing Mr. Waring's shop; I stood at my door and saw the prisoner and two more stand at his door; Lyne was at the cutting board; he went backward, and then I saw the prisoner enter the door; I moved about five or six feet farther, and had a full view into the entry; I saw the prisoner turn about and take two pair of shoes off a shelf; I laid hold of him by the collar, and said give me the shoes; he said he had none; upon a gentleman's coming up I saw him throw the shoes away; Lyne came and picked up one pair, and one Mr. Jackson picked up the other pair and gave to Lyne.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going home from work and was laid hold of; they said there were three men had stole some shoes; I know nothing of it.




               Guilty 4 s. 6 d.
            



               T
            .
