





621. (L.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      RUFFHEAD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing forty guineas in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Felix
                            Calvert
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Calvert
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Richard
                            Ladbroke
                        



                     
                  , Esqrs.


 in their dwelling house
            , July 24
. ~


                  George
                   Davis
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutors: they are partners. On Monday the 25th of July I was called up at four o'clock; I went to the compting house and found four desks and a box broke open; I suppose from the marks I saw that the prisoner came through a window that was broke.


                  John
                   Furlonger
               



            . At the bottom of the yard is Mr. Calvert's dwelling house; against the west end is part of the brewhouse, part of which brewhouse adjoins to the dwelling house; the mill adjoins to the brewhouse; adjoining to the mill is the brewer's house, and next to that, under the same roof, is this compting-house which was broke open; it is the property of Mr. Calvert, but he does not himself inhabit it, bet it is for the use of his clerks. On Monday the 25th of July I was called up about seven o'clock; I went to the compting house; on examining a box where I kept my cash, I found I had lost forty guineas; I am certain I locked it on Saturday evening, and the money was safe, but I found it then broke open, and the money gone.


                  William
                   Batlow
               



            . I am miller at Mr. Calvert's: the prisoner was my servant
, and had been so about two years and a half; he lodged with me at my house in Tooley-street; in winter time, when I have full employment for them, I allow them ten shillings a week; but in summer time, when business is slack, but five shillings a week, and out of that he had a child to keep, that he had at nurse, at four shillings a week; I had some suspicion of him on being informed he had bought a watch and a pair of buckskin breeches which cost eighteen shillings; a neighbour of mine, who had lost her husband, gave me a watch to be raffled for; the name of the prisoner was set down as one of the persons that was to rae for it. Last Saturday se'ennight I went into the tap of the Faulcon alehouse in Thames-street, about eight or nine o'clock, that being the place where the raffle was to be, but there not being a sufficient number to raffle, I kept the watch in my pocket; the prisoner and his brother came in; his brother asked me if the watch had been raffled for; I told him it had not; I said I would give myself no further trouble about it; the brother of the prisoner asked if I would sell it; I said, yes; he said if I would sell it he would buy it; the prisoner then said to his brother, brother, if you a mind to have the watch, I will lend you the money, but desired to let it alone till Monday; on the Monday following I carried the watch to the brother, and he gave me forty-five shillings for it; but I do not know whether the prisoner lent him the money; I had likewise some suspicion of him, and therefore unlocked his chest with a key of my own, and in a little painted box, which was in a bag, there were thirteen guineas wrapped up in a piece of paper, and nine guineas loose, and in another little box there were six half crowns and two halfpence; I went immediately and told Mr. Furlonger, one of the clerks of the brewhouse, of it.



                  John
                   Doncastle
               



            . I am a constable: I had directions to take the prisoner up; I took him about eleven o'clock in Mr. Calvert's yard, at his work; Mr. Squire was with me; we took him to the tap-house; Squire searched him in my presence, and took a guinea, a half crown, and some halfpence from one of his pockets; I went with him to his lodgings in Tooley-street; there he owned the box was his, and out of that I took that painted box with the money in it; we had left some beer at the Horse-shoe in Tooley-street; we returned there to drink it; I gave him a caution; I said young man this is a serious affair; I beg you will take care what words you make use of, for I doubt this affair is such that may affect your life; upon this the prisoner sat in the box, and Squire, and the others that were with him were at some little distance; then he told me that he had been guilty of it; that he had got over the stable or stables upon Sunday about one o'clock; that he got-over buildings till he got to the compting-house; that there is a window in the compting-house that looks into the back yard, and that after he had taken out a pane or two of glass, he opened the casement and got in at the window; that after he got in he found an old chissel or adze, and broke open three or four desks and a box, and that out of the several desks and boxes he had taken thirty-nine guineas.
Q. Were any promises made to him of favour?
Doncastle. No, none at all; so far from it I gave him all the caution it was possible before ever he said any thing to me; but after he had made this confession, I desired him to be explicit, though careful if he had any thing to say against himself, to take care in what manner he did say it, and then possibly Mr. Calvert might shew him some favour to impeach his accomplices if he had any.


                  John
                   Squire
               



            . I heard the prisoner say he got over the stable, got to a window, took out some panes, opened the window, and went in; that there were four desks in the compting house, and a box, and that he took out of them thirtynine guineas; when he was searched he had a guinea and a half in his pocket, and the key of the box.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was put into a flurry, so did not well know what to say; at first in the tap-house they searched my pockets, and took from me two small keys, and a half crown; when they asked me to shew my lodgings, I went with them chearfully. I worked six years in the brewhouse; I did my work with honesty and industry and saved that money.
For the Prisoner.


                  William
                   Parklow
               



            . I have known him two years and a half; he always bore a good character.


                  William
                   Noble
               



            . I have known him eight years: he was always an honest sober man.




               Guilty of stealing the money, but not guilty of stealing it in the dwelling house
            . 


               T
            .
