





642. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Cain
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of cloth breeches, value 2 s. one pair of stone knee buckles set in silver, value 7 s, and one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Hobson
                  




               
            , August 21st
. ++


                  Charles
                   Hobson
               



            . I live with Mr. Smith, at Edmonton


, with whom the prisoner lived as servant
 at the time the fact was committed; I lost a pair of breeches; I was in town at the time.


                  Abraham
                   Roe
               



            . I am a constable at Edmonton; at the desire of Mr. Smith and this gentleman I pursued the prisoner; we found a note in his pocket with a direction for Mr. Black, Great Earle-street, Seven-dials; we went there and found a box of the prisoner's; then we carried him to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's; he was examined, and a key found in his pocket; as it was locked they took it to Sir John's, and they opened it with the key they took out of the prisoner's pocket; and found in it the prosecutors breeches; (which were produced and swore to.)
"
               
                  Andrew
                   Cocker
               



            , confirmed this evidence, and said, that they went to Mr. Blacks, in Earl-street, and found a trunk there belonging to the prisoner."
Prisoner's Defence.
These things were unknown to me in my trunk; I went off in a hurry; I left my own things behind of a great deal more value; it is not likely I should take them with intention to steal them; I put the things into my trunk; by mistake. I came to London on an expedition. I was going to be married that morning.
Prosecutor. His master was very ill, and died in a few days afterwards.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
