





15. (2d. M) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      FENBY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a hand saw, value 3 s. a pannel saw, value 2 s. a key hole saw, value 6 d. a smoothing plane, value 6 d. a stock and drill, value 4 d. an iron chissel with a wooden handle, value 6 d. an iron grinding-stone handle, value 6 d. six iron stay hooks, value 6 d. two hundred iron nails, value 6 d. three yards of sash line, value 2 d. and a quarter of a pound weight of glue, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Ford
                  




               
            , October 25
. *


                  Thomas
                   Ford
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in St. Matthew, Bethnal-Green, I left my work on the 25th, at Mr. Paynes, who is steward to the Rev. Mr. Neave. The door was locked with two locks, where I left the tools, there was a dead wall, nine feet high before the yard. On the 26th of October, when I came back to work, I found the door loose, both the locks wrenched off, and in that yard which the work shop is over, there were laths, one was broke out, so as for a person to get in, out of this shop I lost the several tools mentioned in the indictment.
(The tools were produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Samuel
                   Bundy
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Leonards, Shoreditch, on the 25th of October about twelve at night, I saw the prisoner going along with a bag, I said what have you got there to which he said he had got his tools, I put my hand behind him, and found he had a saw between his coat and waistcoat, I asked him why he carried it so, and not in the bag, I took him to the watch-house, at the watch-house he said the tools were his own, that he had been at work at Bethnall-Green, and that he had been drinking with a partner, which made him so late home, I looked at the things, there was T. F. upon the plane, and that being a different mark to what he told me his name was, I suspected him. I asked him where he lived, he said at No. 110, in Skinner-street, whereas, No. 69, is the highest number there.
Prisoner's Defence.
I met one 
               
                  John
                   Foster
               



             at an ale-house he had left some tools with the man, he desired me to take these things and leave with the rest and he would call for them on the morrow morning.
He called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
