






167, 168. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      WOODWARD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH
                      THOMPSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing one linen shirt, value 2 s. two pair of thread stockings, value 1 s. a pair of worsted stockings , value 1 s. and one pair of silk stockings, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Boseley
                        



                     
                  ; a linen shirt, value 18 d. and one pair of worsted stockings, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Clinch
                  



               
            , Feb. 17th
. ++



                  Samuel
                   Clinch
               



             . I am one of the recruits ; I remember a pair of worsted stockings and a linen shirt that belonged to me were put up in that bundle, and put in a corner of the room; the two prisoners were there drinking; after this the two prisoners were taken, and the bundle found upon them; they were in conversation together; Thompson had the bundle in his hand.


                  William
                   Bosely
               



            . I am a soldier
 that had the charge of these recruits; I packed up all the things charged in the indictment, particularly the stockings and shirts. I was told that these things were taken; I remember Thompson and the other prisoner being both taken together; the things were found upon Thompson; Woodward confessed that he took them, and delivered them to Thompson.
Woodward's Defence.
The goods were delivered to me by another person to carry to my wife to wash .
Thompson's Defence.
I know nothing about the things; they were delivered to me.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
