





570. (L.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      HARWOOD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one woollen cloth waistcoat, value 5 s. one pair of woollen cloth breeches, value 3 s. one velveret waistcoat, value 10 s. a velvet waistcoat, value 40 s. and two linen gowns, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Shearman
                  




               
            , July 30
. ~


                  John
                   Shearman
               



            . I am a paper-stainer
, and live in Holiday yard, Creed-lane, in the parish of St. Martin-le-Grand


; the prisoner was a lodger in my house; he took the things out of the room he lodged in; he is a printer
; he lodged with me seven or eight weeks. I missed the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them) the 12th or 13th of July; he went away when he took the things, and I saw no more of him till he was taken. I went to his master to enquire after him, in Red-lion-court, Fleet-street, but I did not find him; I heard some things were pawned from 
               
                  Edward
                   Whitcomb
               



            ; I went to the pawnbroker's in Vine Office Court to enquire for them; his man is here; I found a cloth waistcoat and breeches there. The rest were pawned with 
               
                  James
                   Fagget
               



            .
Q. What was pawned there?
Shearman. The yellow velveret and a crimson velvet waistcoat, which are my property. I took up the prisoner and took him before a magistrate. who committed him.
- Fleming. I am a pawnbroker: I live in Fleet-street, the corner of Wine Office Court; I received a coat, waistcoat, and breeches of 
               
                  Edward
                   Whitcomb
               



            .


                  Edward
                   Whitcomb
               



            . I live with Mr. Axtell in Red-Lion-Court; the prisoner came to me at my master's, and desired me to take a cloth waistcoat and a pair of breeches to pawn.
Q. Did he tell you where he got them?
Whitcomb. He said they were his own, and bid me go to the nighest place with them; I pawned them at Mr. Fleming's for 4 s. 6 d. and I pawned the velveret at Black Friars for 5 s. 3 d.
Q. Do you know who keeps that shop?
Whitcomb. Mr. Patterson.
Q. What did you do with the money?
Whitcomb. I gave it the prisoner.
Q. Had you no suspicion that these things were not his own?
Whitcomb. I thought they were his own; I heard that he had very good clothes.
Q. Are you sure you had no part of the money?
Whitcomb. I had no part of the money at all.
Fleming. I had a cloth waistcoat and a pair of breeches from the last witness. (The breeches and waistcoat produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  James
                   Patterson
               



            . I am a pawnbroker: I received this waistcoat (producing it) of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. You received something else?
Fleming. Only a velveret waistcoat; I carried it before the aldermen; the prosecutor knew nothing of it; that was pawned by Whitcomb; I lent 4 s. 6 d. upon it. (The waistcoat is deposed to by the prosecutor).
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
