





754. (2d M) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      LONDON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he in the king's highway on 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Jackson
                        




                     
                  , feloniously did make an assault with intent the money of the said Thomas, to steal, against the statute
            , Oct. 1st
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Jackson
               



            . On Sunday morning the 1st of October, riding between Acton


 and Ealing


 between nine and ten o'clock, in company with Mr. Robson, the prisoner came galloping up to us; he had a handkerchief over one side of his face; he called out, Gentlemen, gentlemen; we took no notice of it, out galloped on; he came up with us again, and presented a pistol, and called out, Gentlemen, gentlemen! he said something else, but he had his handkerchief in his mouth, and we could not hear what; we kept galloping on, and he followed us a little further, and then turned back, and made towards the London road, which he was at first in; I said, I thought we could take him; as soon as I could stop my horse we turned about, and pursued him; he was then out of sight, he got through Acton town before us; we heard that he was gone the Kew-bridge road; we got sight of him when he was upon the bridge; we came almost up with him when he came to Richmond; we alarmed the town, and he rode through as fast as he could; nobody stopped him, because he cried out as well as we; we pursued him to the top of Richmond-hill; there he turned down a lane, the gate at the bottom of the lane was locked, he could not get through; he left his horse, and took to his heels across a field; we dismounted, and pursued him, and saw him throw something away in the field; he leaped over a hedge, and we after him, I laid hold of him and secured him. I am sure the prisoner is the same person that stopped us; when he stopped us we could see enough of his face to know him. We lost sight of him several times, but I am sure he is the man.


                  Andrew
                   Robson
               



            . I was with Mr. Jackson when he was stopped by the prisoner; the prisoner had a handkerchief over one side of his face; we could see all his face but one cheek, which has a scar upon it. I did not take notice of his horse. I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Jackson. It was a small bay horse; a person took care of the horse while we took the prisoner to Richmond town.


                  John
                   Fisher
               



            . I live at Stains in Middlesex. I lent a horse to the prisoner on Sunday the 1st of October, between seven and eight o'clock; it was a little brown bay horse, I recovered my horse again.
Prisoner's Defence.
I only called to the gentlemen to ask them the way to Ealing; I had no pistol, I had nothing in my hand but a piece of a white rail that I picked up upon the road.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a very good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


