





45. (L.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      PEARCE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seventy pounds weight of moist sugar, value twenty-three shillings, the property of certain persons unknown
            , November the 6th
. ~



                  Walter
                   Scott
               



            . I am a watchman in the port of London, employed under the commissioners of the customs. On the 6th of November, about three at noon, I had the charge of an India hoy loaded with tea; there was near it a lighter, which was very close to this hoy, that hoy was loaded with sugar. I had received information that sugar was taken out of it. I went on board, and I saw the prisoner filling a handkerchief out of one of the hogsheads: before I went on board I called on one Chinner who was upon the key, and likewise upon a watchman; this prisoner was secured, and the handkerchief was found there, containing this quantity of sugar, amounting to seventy pound.


                  Thomas
                   Chinner
               



            . I am a watchman to the Company of Wharfingers, at Fresh Wharf


: on the 6th of November, I was called upon by the last witness; I went down the hatch-way, I saw somebody below stairs, but could not at that time tell who it was, because there was no other way but at the ends of the lighter, to get in or out of the ends of the lighter. Mr. Scott and I took up the tarpaulin and hatch-way, and we saw the prisoner; he was then at work, filling the handkerchief out of the cask; upon this we went down different ways, in order to prevent his escape that way; the other went the other way, at last he did come up: we secured him, and carried him on shore. Within about twenty yards after we got him on shore, he made his escape; he was rescued after that, it was three weeks before he was taken, he had been in our custody about ten minutes before he was rescued; and I am certain the prisoner is the man I saw under the hatches in that lighter, and no other person was in the lighter.


                  William
                   Matthews
               



            . I am a watchman too upon the key, the prisoner when brought on shore by Scott and Chinner, was rescued in about twenty yards after he came out of the lighter; in regard to the handkerchief, there were four handkerchiefs in one, they had not been divided; and I am certain it is the same handkerchief, they were not even hemmed; the handkerchief was some time out of the custody of Mr. Scott.
Prisoner's Defence.
I brought the craft up on the Friday before; I went there for my frock and trowsers. I lost half a guinea and four shillings out of my pocket: upon going on board to seek for this money, and get my frock and trowsers: I had two people to remove the cask, they did remove it, and I got all my money except one shilling that was on board the lighter; then I went on shore, and had some beer; recollecting that I had left the frock and trowsers behind me: I went again on board to seek for these things; when I was looking for them, before I had found them: these people came on board suspecting me to be the stealer of this sugar, they secured me; but I had no hand in it, whatsoever:
He called 
               
                  John
                   Winter
               



            , who had known him twenty years: 
               
                  John
                   Mansfield
               



            , seven years: 
               
                  Richard
                   Mayfield
               



            , sixteen or seventeen years: 
               
                  Ann
                   Carlton
               



            , eight years: - Wright from a child: 
               
                  Joseph
                   Crosley
               



            , three years: 
               
                  James
                   Carr
               



            , seven years, and 
               
                  John
                   Poole
               



            , from a child, who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
