





565. (L.) 
               
                  
                     ARABELLA
                      HART
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of stone sleeve buttons set in silver, value 1 s. and a sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel
                      Upham
                  




               
            , Aug. 15
. ++


                  Samuel
                   Upham
               



            . I was going down Gravel-lane, Houndsditch


: I met the prisoner and another girl; they laid hold of me and dragged me into a room by main force; the other held me and the prisoner picked my pocket of the six pence, and took the buttons out of my sleeve; the prisoner was taken in about half an hour after, and the constable found the buttons upon her in my presence.


                  Thomas
                   Bull
               



            , the constable, produced the buttons which he found on the prisoner, and they were deposed to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence.
The young man gave me the sixpence and buttons for lying with me, and promised to bring me another six-pence for the buttons.
Q. Did any thing of that kind pass?
Upham. No, I never spoke a word to her.


                  George
                   Upham
               



            . I am father to the prosecutor: I happened by accident to be going that way and met him; he told me he had been dragged into a house and robbed; I got a constable and took the prisoner; she was taken to a public house and searched and the money found upon her.
The prosecutor called two women, 
               
                  Martha
                   Winter
               



             and - Williams, who deposed that they saw him dragged into the house; that he laid hold of a post, but they pulled him in by force. The prisoner said the two women swore false; that Williams was an old bawd, and swore against her because she would not live with her. The two women called a Mr. Mackey, who deposed that he knew both of them, and they were as honest women as any in the place.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
