





17 (L) 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Kenny
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Thorne
                  




               
            , November 5
. ++


                  Thomas
                   Thorne
               



            . On the 5th of November I had been drinking with some friends till my reckoning amounted to more money than I had. I slipt from my company, and pawned the outside case of my watch for 2 s. 6 d. in the Strand. As I was coming home, about half past seven o'clock, I met the prisoner upon Ludgate hill. She asked me to give her something to drink; I went with her to the Cock on Ludgate-hill


, and called for a pint of purl: I felt in my pocket, and found I had no money. I offered to leave my watch with the landlord, for the purl, he refused to take it. I wrapped it in my handkerchief, to keep the dust from getting into the work, and I put it into my coat pocket. Soon after, the man that brought me my purl, bid me feel for my watch; I found it was gone. I was so much in liquor that I was almost insensible.


                  Hanah
                   Whalley
               



            . My husband is a porter at the Bell Savage Inn. I went to carry my husband his supper, to the Cock; I saw the prisoner take the watch out of the prosecutor's coat pocket. I called out, and 
               
                  Samuel
                   Pearch
               



             jumped up, took it out of her hand, and delivered it to the constable.


                  Samuel
                   Pearch
               



             confirmed the evidence of the last witness.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am an unfortunate girl of the town: the prosecutor gave me the watch to pawn; he said he would spend as far as 3 or 4 s. to sleep with me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
