





210. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      CROSS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden box, two silk gowns, one silk petticoat, two pair of muslin ruffles, two pair of cotton stockings, one linen shift, three muslin aprons, a dimity petticoat, two muslin handkerchiefs, two gauze shifttuckers, and one laced hood and handkerchief
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Penrose
                  




               
            , Feb. 1
. ||


                  Sarah
                   Penrose
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  William
                   Pen
               



            -rose, who lives at Bisseter; I lodged at Mrs. Miller's house in Shire-lane


; I went out and left the things mentioned in the indictment in my box, when I came back again I missed my box.


                  John
                   Heley
               



            . The prosecutor made a complaint to me that she had lost some wearing apparel; she desired me to go with her to Westminster; a girl gave me an information where the prisoner's mother lived. I went there; I knocked at the door, the prisoner opened it; but before she opened it, I heard something moving in the room. I told her she must go along with me, for she had committed a robbery; she burst out a crying and begged for mercy. I looked round and saw this box. (Producing it.)
Prosecutrix. This is my box, and here are some of my clothes in it now. Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             gave me some of them to wear.

Prisoner's Defence.
I am an unfortunate girl; I lodged at this house; it is a very bad house; I had not been long come out of the Magdalen-house. The woman of the house and another girl swore they would put me into gaol if I did not get money for them. The other girl told me to go home to my mother's, and take the box with me. Miller's husband was capitally convicted a sessions or two ago.
Q. to the Prosecutrix. What people live at this house?
Prosecutrix. I don't know; I was recommended to lodge there when I came to town.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
