





514. (M.) 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE
                      BALDWYN
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a copper pottage pot, value 6 s. a copper saucepan, value 1 s. and a pewter dish, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph
                      Odell
                  




               
            , July 3d
. ++


                  Joseph
                   Odell
               



            . I am nephew to the prosecutor, who lives next door to the Angel Inn at Islington


. I was alarmed in the morning on the 3d of July, and the prisoner was stopt in the yard with the things mentioned in the indictment upon her; they are my uncle's property. My business is to assist the graziers with their cattle; I got up early and saw the prisoner following a boy out of the fields; she said she came there to help an acquaintance to move off some things; then I saw these goods lying inside the gate against the wall; she said they were her acquaintance's; I said if they were, they should not be removed till day light; I ordered them to be carried into the house; I turned about something else, and did not lock the door: when I thought of it, I sent somebody to lock the door, and they met the prisoner taking off the things. (The goods produced, and deposed to by Odell, to be the property of the prosecutor.)


                  Francis
                   Pitler
               



            . I live next door but one to the prosecutor's house. I heard a noise in the yard, and I saw the prisoner come over the wall, which adjoins to my house, and divides a skittle ground from Mr. Oldstock's; there are some pales which are easily got over; she had a quart saucepan in her hand; when she was coming over, I said, where are you going? she said, never matter you, they are my own. About ten minutes after that, there was an alarm that she had stole some things; I got up and found it was the same woman that I saw coming over the wall.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going out to gather elder flowers for my master; a woman I met offered me 6 d. to watch these things, which she said she was removing to prevent her landlord seizing them. I only set by the things till I was stopt.
She called 
               
                  Catharine
                   Phillips
               



             and Judith and 
               
                  Sarah
                   Murdoch
               



            , who gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
