






336. (1st M.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      COOK
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      DAWSON
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a japanned tea-tray, value 16 s. three India window-blinds, value 31 s. five glass cruets and three silver caps, value 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis
                            Bradley
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , March the 11th
. +


                  Joseph
                   Weston
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Bradley, a pawn-broker
, at the corner of Round-court, in the Strand


. On the 11th of March, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I observed that the case-door of the inside of the shop-window was broke open, and that the things mentioned in the indictment were stolen: they were advertised, in consequence of which some of them were stopped by 
               
                  Moses
                   Levi
               



             and 
               
                  Isaac
                   Bakaruk
               



            .


                  Isaac
                   Bakaruk
               



            . On the 12th of March one 
               
                  Laman
                   Abraham
               



             brought two window-blinds to me, and wanted me to buy them; I told him, if he would leave them 'till next morning, I would see if I could find a purchaser for them. I saw them advertised in the papers; so I mentioned it to Mr. Levi, who desired me to get a warrant; which I did, and took him before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , where he confessed whom he had them of; and Sir John admitted him an evidence.


                  Moses
                   Levi
               



            . Abraham shewed me where the prisoners were to be found; we went first to the Mermaid in St. Giles's; they were not there; we went in search of them to other places; after which we returned to the Mermaid, where we found them; I said I would buy the window-blinds, if he would come to another publick-house and bring change for a guinea, and that I would pay him for them; the prisoners met us, along with Addington, at the Maidenhead. When they were all there, I said, how you are all together; they said, yes; then I 
               
                  drew
               


             a cutlass, and said, the first that attempted to resist I would cut his head off; then Addington offered to become an evidence; I got a coach, and took them to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's; the prisoner ordered the 'coachman to drive to a chandler's shop in Theobald's-row; he went into the house, and asked a woman there for the tea-tray; she fell into tears, and said she hoped there was no harm; then she went up stairs, and brought down the tea-tray, and delivered it me.
[The tray was produced and deposed to by Weston as the property of the prosecutor.]


                  William
                   Addington
               



            . The afternoon of the day that Mr. Bradley was robbed the prisoners came to me, and asked me if I would go with them to break open a pawnbroker's shop, which they afterwards mentioned to be Mr. Bradley's; the prisoners and I had taken notice of the shop some time before; we met at the Turk's-head in St. Giles's, and were there from four or five o'clock in the afternoon till seven.
Q. When was this?
Addington. About seven weeks ago, we went to the Prosecutor's; we found the door of the passage open, and the prisoners went into the passage and broke open the lock of the glass-case with a chissel, and took away the things mentioned in the indictment, ( repeating them) which we went and put into a room in Bambury-street, and afterwards sold the silver caps to a walking Jew in Holbourn for 16 d.
Laman Abraham. Addington came to me, and asked me if I would buy the window-blinds; I told him I did not want any; he then asked me if I knew any one that would buy them; I said I would see; he said he had other things, and that he would bring them the next day. I delivered the two window-blinds to Bakaruk.
Cook's Defence.
I was drinking with Addington till I got in liquor; I walked with him, and left him near the prosecutor's shop, and did not see him any more that night.
Dawson's Defence.
I know nothing of the matter; I had nothing to do with the things.
Both 


               Guilty, 39 s.
            




               T
            .
