






146. 147. (M.) 
               
                  
                     LEWIS
                      CARR
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT
                      LEWIS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a watch, with the outside case made of metal, and the inside case made of glass set in gold, value seven pounds, the property of 
                     
                        Christopher
                         Pinchbeck
                     



                  , in the dwelling house of the said Christopher
            , January 10th
. *


                     Christopher
                      Pinchbeck
                  




               
            . I keep a toy-shop
 in Cockspur-street


, while I was at dinner on the 10th, instant, in a little parlour behind the shop, my son suddenly cried out with some vehemence, that he heard the window break, my daughter said a great hole is broke in the window, my son was going to run into the shop, I bid them not go out, or make any bustle, and they would in all probability come to see how matters stood, I set my son to watch in the snuff-shop, which joins the toy shop, and I placed myself in the toy shop. The consequence was as I imagined, both the prisoners went by and one of them, with a great imprecation, said d - n my eyes, they have not found us out, they crossed over to the Prince of Orange Coffee house; which is directly opposite my house, then they ran across to my window, put their hands through the hole, snatched the watch out and ran away, my son ran after them, he took the eldest (Lewis) with the watch in his hand, and he brought them both in, my housekeeper was so affected to see Lewis behave so hardened, that she struck him, he said with a great imprecation, what do you strike me for; and when one of my neighbours humanely said, do you know what you have done will hang you, he said I do not mind hanging, I sent my son with them to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's immediately, when they were brought into the shop, some pieces of wire were taken out of their pockets, the use of them seemed to be to pull things to them while they were in the street, Lewis said the other had taken the watch and given it him, now though I could see them both together, I could not by reason of the pieces of china, and things that stood in the window, distinguish which of their hands took the watch.


                  William
                   Hebb
               



            . I am son-in-law, to Mr. Pinchbeck. On Tuesday last between two and three o'clock, my father and my wife, myself and our house-keeper were at dinner, in the parlour behind the snuff shop, we have two shops, a toy-shop and snuff-shop, the snuff-shop belongs to me, the toyshop to my father, I heard a crack, my wife went out and said the window was broke against where the watch hung, I ran out into the toy-shop, my father said stop don't be in a hurry, they will come back, he sent me into the snuff shop, he stood between both shops. In a minutes time the boys came down, they went to the coffee-house opposite, then they ran across to our shop, I saw them pull at it, which took it I cannot say, the little one ran up the Hay-market, the biggest with the watch down Pall-mall, I caught him by the collar and threw him down with force upon his face and he had the watch in his hand, the other ran up the Hay-market; which took it out I cannot say, they were both trying at it, I saw both their hands in the window, Lewis had a long wire inside his coat.
Lewis's Defence.
We did it because we were a hungry.
Hebb. The biggest boy had a piece of bread and half a red herring in his pocket.
Carr's Defence.
I was a hungry, I have no father nor mother.
Both 


               guilty of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            






               T
            .
