





640. (2d M) 
               
                  
                     LEWIS
                      WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Green
                     




                   with a certain offensive weapon and instrument called a pistol, with intent to rob him
            , June 1st
. *
Thomas Green I am guard to the New Leeds coach
; I saw the prisoner on Finchley Common in April last, in the night; he ordered the coach to stop, and then rode up to the door, and told the gentleman in the coach that he must have a little money; I immediately fired at him, and he rode off; whether I wounded him I cannot tell; I will not positively swear that the prisoner is the man; whoever he was, he was quite alone, and rid off; it was two or three months after before he was taken up; I saw no pistol at the time he stopped the coach or demanded the money.
Q. What was your piece loaded with?
Green. With shot; there was no ball. He stood on the near side of the coach.


                  John
                   Clarke
               



            . The prisoner owned to me that he did this fact, and wished the guard had killed him. On examining his lodgings I found a pair of pistols and some slugs, and a coat and waistcoat, which were both shot through. On examining him, I found likewise his back was shot; he said one Robinson had been concerned with him in several robberies, but that he was alone at this time.
Prisoner's Defence.
I don't know any thing of the affair; when I came to lodge in the room there was a box in it; the clothes nor pistols are neither of them mine. I live servant with Sir 
               
                  George
                   Hay
               



            ; I could have had many gentlemen of Doctor's Commons to my character if I had sent for them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
