





572. (L.) 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      AUSTIN, otherwise 
WALE




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silk cardinal trimmed with silk lace, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Hunt
                  




               
            , Aug. 10th
. ~


                  John
                   Hunt
               



            . The prisoner has been in my shop several times for some years: on the 10th of August, about nine o'clock, she came to my shop in Hounsditch


, on a pretence of buying a black silk cloak; my servant shewed her a variety, one of which she fixed upon; I was present; she agreed to give 26 s. for the cloak she fixed upon; she gave me 6 d. and said she would come in the evening and pay the rest of the money and take the cloak; she stayed in the shop about ten minutes; I took the 6 d. in part of payment; she seemed rather busy in her arms; she had a long scarlet cloth cloak on; not having a favourable opinion of her I thought she had got something; not being positive I let her go out of the shop; when she had got about twenty yards I went after, laid hold of her arm, and said I believed she had something that was not her own, and brought her back to the shop; as soon as she got in the shop I threw by her cloak, and the first thing that presented itself was this cloak, which is my property.
Q. She did not take away that silk cloak she had bought?
Hunt. No; as soon as I found the cloak she fell a crying, and went down on her knees, and begged pardon for God's sake. I sent her to the Compter and the next morning she was had before a magistrate; this is the cloak (producing it); it is marked with my own hand writing,
Prisoner's Defence.
I used to wind silk for Mr. Satchwell, and when work failed, my mother, who is a market woman, lent me half a guinea to go to market with; I bought a bushel of apples for 9 s. I went with the 1 s. 6 d. to get a cloak; I gave him 6 d. of it, and took the cloak to look at at the door, and he came and laid hold of me and said I wanted to rob him of it.
For the Prisoner.


                  Mary
                   Satchwell
               



            . The prisoner worked for me: I wind hand silk.
Q. A servant
 in your house?
Satchwell. Yes: I have known her three years; I never lost a yard of silk by her all the time she was with me.


                  Eleanor
                   Herley
               



            . I have known the prisoner five years; she went out every morning to work with me, and her mother, when she had no silk to wind; I never knew a halfpence worth of dishonesty by her in my life.


                  Alice
                   Austin
               



            . She used to go to work with this woman; when she had no work I used to lend her money to go to market.
For the Prosecution.
- Foster. I am servant to Mr. Hunt: I was in the shop when the prisoner came in to buy a cloak; she fixed on a flowered one, and was to give 26. for it; she gave 6 d. in part to Mr. Hunt; I put the cloak in a paper and laid it on the Compter till she was gone out of the shop; when she was brought back, she said, Good God, what have I got, a cloak! and seemed affected with the charge; she did not deny it, but made a great noise; she went down on her knee's two or three times and asked Mr. Hunt forgiveness.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
