






332, 333. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      STRINGER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER
                      WARWICK
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing seventeen linen aprons, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Murthwaite
                  




               
            , May 1st
. ~


                  Richard
                   Murthwaite
               



            . I am a pawnbroker
 in Oxford-street


. On the 1st of May, about four in the afternoon, I went up stairs and missed some linen off the shelves in my warehouse in the garret; there was a very large quantity of white aprons. The shelves were just under the trap door of a cock loft; I got up into the cock loft and found 17 tickets of aprons; I suppose there were two dozen gone; I went on the top of the house, and saw plainly somebody had been up the tiles to the next house. I went to the next house and enquired what lodgers they had, and the prisoners were working at the top of the house. They were taken before the Justice; they denied the fact, but were committed for further examination, and when they were brought down the second time, Warwick confessed he had sold some of the aprons to 
               
                  Margaret
                   Murray
               



            , in Great St. Andrew's-street; we went there and found seven.



                  Margaret
                   Murray
               



             produces the aprons.
Prosecutor. I cannot swear to them; only the tickets were left in the cock lost.


                  Margaret
                   Murray
               



            . I keep a clothes shop: the prisoner Warwick sold me the aprons on a Friday night; I cannot tell how long ago.
Q. How many aprons did he offer you to fail?
Murray. Nine; I bought them; I gave him 10 s. all but 2 d. for the whole; I believe he is the man.


                  Sarah
                   Langley
               



            . I bought some aprons the day after they were stolen; I do not know who I bought them off; I know nothing of the prisoners.
Q. to Murray. Were there any tickets on the aprons when you bought them?
Murray. No.


                  William
                   Kay
               



            . I am a pawnbroker: I took in an apron the 1st of May of Warwick, in the name of Melone: I lent him 6 d. on it. (The apron produced).
Murthwaite. There is the mark of two pawnbrokers tickets upon it; it has been pawned since I lost it.
Warwick's Defence.
The aprons belonged to my wife.
STRINGER 

               acquitted
            .
WARWICK 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


