






339. (2d L.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Parry
                     



                  , on the 10th of April, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing a copper saucepan, value 3 s. a copper tea-kettle, value 4 s. and a plain cloth coat, value 2 s. the property of the said Thomas, in his dwelling house
            . ++


                     Thomas
                      Parry
                  




               
            . I am a shopkeeper
 and live in Aldersgate-street Buildings


; my house was broke open on the Sunday the 10th of April
; I am sure they were all safe, I saw them between ten and eleven o'clock; when I got up on Monday morning between six and seven o'clock I found the sash of my window thrown up; I missed the tea-kettle and sauce-pan, and found an iron chissel and some matches; a man came into the shop in the morning and said he heard a man was taken in Clerkenwell with such things upon him; I went with him to the constable. (Produces a great coat, sauce-pan and tea-kettle, which the prosecutor deposed to).


                  Thomas
                   Blower
               



            . On the 11th of April in the morning as I was crying the hour four, I met the prisoner coming along with a bag on his back; it has been in my custody ever since; he said he found them at Smithfield-bars.
Q. What time, was it light?
Blower. About a quarter before four.


                  John
                   Caller
               



            . Blower brought the prisoner to me; he said then he found them in the rounds in Smithfield; I met him in Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell; he said he was going to his brother's in Kirby-street, but he was going quite a contrary way.
The prisoner in his defence said he found the things.
He called seven witnesses who had known him some time, and gave him a very good character.




               Not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house, but guilty of stealing the goods
            . 


               T
            .
