








398, 399, 400, 401. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HUDSON
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      FOWLER
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     ELIAS
                      CHERRY
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      BARRETT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William
                         Evans
                     



                  , on the 27th of June
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing a brilliant diamond ring set in gold, value 12 l. a brilliant diamond hoop ring set in gold, value 10 l. an emerald stone hoop ring set in gold, value 15 s. a garnet stone ring set in gold, value 5 s. an enamelled gold mourning ring, value 15 s. a pair of paste stone buckles set in silver, value 3 l. a pair of stone shoe buckles set in silver, value 30 s. a pair of stone shoe buckles, value 5 s. and a mother o'pearl buckle, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George
                            Bagwell Ireson
                        



                     
                  , Esq
; in the dwelling house of the said William
            . *
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoners.)


                  Ann
                   Evans
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Evans
                  



               
            : our house was broke open between the 27th and 28th of June. Mr. Ireson rented a parlour, a dining room, and a back chamber: they got in at the fore parlour window; there were two outside shutters to the window secured by bolts; I fastened that window at nine at night, when I went to bed. The bolt was found in the yard wrenched off.
Q. You do not know what Mr. Ireson lost I supoose?
Evans. No. Between one and two in the morning I heard a noise in the house; I lie on the second floor; I got up, and saw a man upon my landing place with a mould candle in his hand: my bed chamber door was open; I went to the window and called the watch; I saw three men; one went out first upon my crying out; then three went out, and the last man that went out fired a pistol at me.
Q. Can you speak with certainty as to the man you saw standing with the candle in his hand?
Evans. I think that is the man (pointing to Cherry.)
Q. How far was he from you when you saw him?
Evans. About ten stairs. My husband is at Jamaica: he has been gone fourteen weeks last Thursday.
Q. Who fired the pistol at you?
Evans. The same I saw upon the stairs - Cherry.
Q. Why do you think it was between one and two o'clock?
Evans. When I got up I saw it was star light; they all went out and left the door open, and the last man fired at me.
Q. Do you know the persons of either of the other three?
Evans. No; as soon as I cried, watch! they immediately got out of the house.
Q. Mr. Ireson was not at home?
Evans. No.
Q. from Cherry. Did you swear to me before the Justice?
Evans. I did not.
Q. from Cherry. She said she had never seen me to her knowledge.
Evans. No; I was not asked any thing about him.
Q. Was you asked before the Justice whether you knew any of the men?
Evans. Yes; I said then I thought Hudson was the man that stood upon the stair case and fired the pistol.
Q. What reason have you to think now Cherry was the man?

Evans. By their dress.
Q. Have you any other reason to alter your opinion?
Evans. No other reason; I believe I was mistaken then; I won't positively swear to Cherry.
Mr. 
               
                  George
                   Bagwell Ireson
               



            . I lodged at this person's house: I took it by the quarter. I went into the country on Saturday night about four o'clock; on Monday morning this boy, who I employ as a foot boy, brought me word my house was broke open, and all the things plundered; I came back about seven in the morning; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment (repeating them); these things lay in a japan box in a wardrobe in my parlour, in the front room up stairs; the lock of the japan box was broke off; every bureau and desk I had was broke open, and every thing scattered about; they left a loaded pistol in my bed chamber.
Prosecutrix. And they left a candle on the stair case.


                  Richard
                   Gains
               



            . I am the watchman: on Monday, about twenty minutes after two -
Q It was not day break then?
Gains. Yes, it was.
Q. So as you could discern a man's countenance?
Gains. Yes; there was an alarm from the window of murder! thieves! and fire!
Q. to the prosecutrix. Was the parlour door locked?
Prosecutrix. Yes.
Q. Who had the key of it?
Prosecutrix. It was on the outside.
Gains. I ran to the house; I saw three men come out, and heard a pistol fired; I at first thought it was fired out of the window at the people, but when I came up I found it was a mistake; the first man I met was Fowler.
Q. How far was he from the house?
Gains. Five doors; that was before the pistol was fired.
Q. Are you sure Fowler was the man you met five doors from the house?
Gains. Yes; when I met him he struck at me with something in his hand, which I took to be a cutlass; I struck at him; he hit me on the shoulder; I had no mark on my coat or shoulder; I ran after the second, wh o came across the road and went over the bank. I drew out my pistol and snapped at him as he went across the road, but it missed fire.


                  Elizabeth
                   Barber
               



            . I live next door to Mrs. Evans: about two o'clock I heard the cry of murder and thieves; I threw open my sash and cried fire immediately; I saw three men come out of Mrs. Evans's house.
Q. Was it break of day?
Barber. It was twilight; it was more than break of day: the first that came out was Barret.
Q. I suppose he went out in a hurry?
Barber. Yes.
Q. I suppose you was in a flurry?
Barber. Yes.
Q. Are you sure he is the man?
Barber. Yes, I took particular notice; he came out with his hat flapped in his hand; he turned round and looked up to see who was crying; and Cherry was the man to the best of my knowledge that fired the pistol at me; the shot entered the window two panes above my head.
Q. Are you sure he is the man?
Barber. I cannot swear down right, but to the best of my opinion he is the man.
Q. What business do you follow?
Barber. My husband is a sugar baker.
Q. to Mrs. Evans. I understand you the pistol was fired at you?
Evans. I cannot tell, we had both our heads out of the window.
Q. to Mr. Ireson. Did you examine the pistol that was left?
Ireson. Yes; it was loaded with two parcels of shot done up in paper; it was a rifle barrel pistol.
Cherry's Defence.
I went home about half after eleven o'clock that night; I had been walking about: I live in Bishopsgate-street. I have witnesses to call to shew I was in bed.
Barrett's Defence.
I had been drinking two or three pints of beer; I met Fowler and Cherry; they came out together, and were going to the Drake's Head; as we were going to the house, Sherwood's men pulled us; I thought they were in fun with us; they put us in the watch-house.
Fowler's Defence.
I feed horses for my livelihood at the coach stand.

For Cherry.


                  Margaret
                   Patterson
               



            . I am a neighbour to Cherry's father and mother: I never knew any harm of him.
Q. Do not you know he was convicted here, and had the king's pardon?
Patterson. I heard of it since I came into court.


                  Elizabeth
                   Burwidge
               



            .
Q. What relation are you to the prisoner?
Burwidge. None.
Q. Can you speak to any time of his coming home at any certain day?
Burwidge. Last Sunday night was week Cherry was out; it rained very hard; I sat up rather later than usual.
Q. Did he lodge at your house?
Burwidge. Yes.
Q. Are you a married woman?
Burwidge. Yes; I sat up till half after eleven; he did not come home quite so soon; it might be near upon twelve for what I know; he went to bed immediately.
Q. Who does your family consist off?
Burwidge. My husband is abroad.
Q. Upon your oath did not he go out again that night?
Burwidge. No; I locked the door when I went to bed, and put the key in my pocket under my head; I always sit up last; nobody can come in or out but as I let them.
Q. What business did Cherry follow?
Burwidge. When in service he drives a hackney coach
.
Q. Why do you remember this night?
Burwidge. Because it rained hard; there was some wood in the corner, and he wanted to lay some upon the fire; I said it was too late.
HUDSON 

               acquitted
            .
FOWLER 


               guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
CHERRY 


               guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
BARRET 


               guilty 39 s. 
            



               T
            .
