





603. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     HYDER
                      CAMPION
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four yards of white flannel, value four shillings; two women's silk hats, value two shillings; a woman's silk bonnet, value six-pence; seven yards of black shalloon, value three shillings; two checque linen aprons, value one shilling; two white linen aprons, value two shillings: a silk handkerchief, value one shilling, and a linen handkerchief, value six-pence
            ; the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Gledhill
                  




               
            , August the 5th
. +


                  William
                   Gledhill
               



            . I live in Swan Yard, White Chapel


. On the 5th of August my house was robbed of the things mentioned in the indictment; (repeating them) I was informed next morning there were some people in the watch-house who had been stopped with them; I went and found the things; I have just mentioned, in the hand of a watchman. ||


                  Edward
                   Davy
               



            . I am a watchman. On Saturday morning about four o'clock, I saw the prisoner and four other men together; they had all bundles under their arms: I said. lads, where did you get these bundles? one of them said, d - n you, what is that to you; I said, they might have made me a better answer, and I did not believe they came honestly by them; I pursued them; there were two gentlemen coming, I called out that they were thieves, and desired them to stop them, but they did not stop them: as soon as they had passed the gentlemen they began, running; I ran after, them; they ran up Lambeth-street; I saw some men coming, and cried, stop thief; upon that the prisoner made a stop, and I took hold of him; the other two; ran up a little alley that goes into Rupert-Square, and got off. I took the prisoner to the watchhouse, and found these things upon him; (producing them.)
Prosecutor. I cannot swear to the things, my maid can.


                  Mary
                   Hunter
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Gledhill; these things are my master's (pointing out those laid to be his in the indictment) the things were all in the summer-house; the shalloon I know by the quantity; I had cut it off the piece the morning before, it has no mark upon it. I know this hat to be my mistresses's, the rest of the things have no particular mark upon them; to the best of my knowledge they are my master's.
Prisoner's Defence.
Going to work early in the morning, I found this bundle of things; some boys met with me and wanted to take them from me; while we were wrangling about it, the watchman came up and followed us, and took me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


