






668, 669. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      BRADLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      CUTHBERT
                  



               
             were indicted; the first for 


               stealing four wooden firkins, containing 224 lb. weight of butter, value 5 l. 12 s. one wooden cask containing 89 lb. weight of butter, value 45 s. one iron padlock, value 6 d. and one stock lock made of iron and wood. value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard
                      Holliday
                  



               
            , Aug. 18th

, and the other for 


               receiving the above goods knowing them to have been stolen
            . *


                  Richard
                   Holliday
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
 upon Saffron-hill



. On Friday evening the 17th of September, at ten o'clock, my cellar door was fast locked; it opens into the street; the next morning I found the door open; I went into the cellar and missed some butter; I could not tell the exact quantity I missed, but was sure butter was missing; I heard nothing more of this matter till that day fortnight, and then Barnsby being taken up, and being before Justice Fielding, I heard him say then that there were five firkins taken away.



                  Joseph
                   Smith
               



             I was neighbour to Mr. Holliday; I remember the day he was robbed; on the Wednesday after I went to Cuthbert's house to take a room there; he lives in Play-house-yard, White-cross-street; he keeps an old iron shop; when I was in his shop, Cuthbert applied to me; he said he had some butter to sell, and desired me to look at it; accordingly he carried me into the room I was to hire of him; there he shewed me two firkins of butter; I asked him how he came by it; he said a man who kept a chandler's shop being in distress had sent it him to sell; he offered me a bit of each of the firkins to taste; knowing of Mr. Holliday's being robbed, it came into my head this might be the butter; I refused to taste the butter, nay avoided taking any notice of the marks upon the tubs; I refused to buy any butter, and at the same time told him it belonged to a neighbour of mine; I told him his name and where he lived; upon that Cuthbert said if that was the case he would get it out of the way as soon as he could, for otherwise he might be ruined by this matter; when I came again in the afternoon of that day the butter was gone. The prisoner desired I would not discover it, therefore I did not tell Holliday I had seen this butter at Cuthbert's till after Barnsby was taken.


                  George
                   Barnsby
               



            . Bradley, Croft and myself went that Saturday morning between four and five to this cellar door of Mr. Holliday's; we unlocked the padlock but found still the door did not open; that there was an inside lock to it, therefore I forced open the door. When I had got open Crofts went into the cellar, and took out three firkins; we first took one of these firkins a piece and carried it down to one Kemp's in Peter-street, Saffron-hill, and left them there, then we all three came back to the cellar; I only went down into the cellar the second time, and brought up two more firkins, and Crofts and 
               
                  Bradley
               


             each took one of them, when I came up without any thing in my hand; these two firkins were carried to Mr. Kemp's; after we had carried them to Kemp's, I went to Cuthbert's, and he asked who it was; upon my answering it is I, without telling my name, he got up, and let me into a passage in his shirt; as soon as he opened the door, I told him I had some butter, and asked him if he had bags; he went and fetched two sacks, and gave them to me; I took them and went to Kemp's; then all three came together with these sacks; Bradley brought two in one sack; I brought two in another, and Croft brought one firkin in another sack; we brought them to Cuthbert's, and by his direction laid them in a one-pair-of-stairs back room.
Smith. That is the room I took.
Barnsby. Then we went to one Wallace, who lives in Chick-lane, and told him we had some butter; he said he would not buy it unless it was very good; we agreed at last for a groat a pound, but Wallace, when we brought the butter to him, tasted it, and would not give so much for it. The same afternoon we took from Cuthbert's another firkin and part of a third firkin, and carried that to Green. Kemp bought part and Keeling had part. This day three weeks I went again to Cuthbert's; Cuthbert then told me he had sold some for kitchen stuff; he gave me 5 s. 3 d. in part, and said he would account for the rest when the whole was sold, and that he had not disposed of the other. Cuthbert knew this butter was stolen; he had dealt with me before for stolen goods. I was taken up about an affair after, and no more conversation with Cuthbert about the butter.
Bradley's Defence.
I know nothing of it; I am quite innocent.
Cuthbert's Defence.
The butter was left at my house by Bradley and Croft, about seven in the morning; Bradley came to me and desired to borrow two sacks, because his goods were seized. Bradley kept a chandler's shop and wanted to remove some butter; I lent him two sacks; Bradley went away with the sacks; some time after Crofts and he brought the sacks, containing five firkins of butter; I told them they might put them in that room up stairs, which they did; the next day they took two of them, and I insisted upon it they should take the other three, but in the interim Smith came to take a room; I shewed him the room where the butter was; I told him it was there to be sold; I told him it was a chandler in distress wanted to sell it; these people never came back for the butter. Smith told me a friend had lost some butter, but he did not mention the name of that friend. Being resolved to get rid of the butter I went to Croft and he fetched it away.

He called eleven witnesses who gave him a good character.
BRADLEY 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
CUTHBERT 

               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
