






554. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah
                      Stewart
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Dykes
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 2 l. a muslin neckcloth, value 1 s. 6 d. and half a guinea in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Tustin
                  




               
            , Aug. 17th
, ++


                  John
                   Tustin
               



            . I live in Little George-street, Grosvenor square. I am a bricklayer
. On 17th of last month, about eleven or twelve o'clock at night, I was going down by Charing Cross, I met with Dykes; she took me to her lodgings; and when I waked in the morning, I found my watch gone.
Q. Was you in liquor?
Tustin. Yes.
Q. Perhaps you did not know how you got there?
Tustin. Yes; there was no body there but herself; she lodged in Leg-court, Westminster


. When I awaked in the morning I found myself robbed of all the things mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Was her lodging on the ground floor?
Tustin. No; up one pair of stairs.
Q. Did you see nobody that night but her?
Tustin. No.
Q. You went to bed there?
Tustin. Yes.
Q. Was nobody in the room.
Tustin. No; when I found myself robbed the prisoner was gone; on the 19th, which was the Monday, I went and found her at the same place; she charged the other prisoner with being concerned with her; upon which I called a constable and had them before the justice; I have not got any of my things again; when we took them up they both owned they sold the watch in Hungerford-market, for half a guinea and a gallon of beer; they gave no account of the rest of the things.
Q. Where had you been that night?
Tustin. I had been at Mr. Clements's at the Carpenter's Arms; I was coming out of the country from a job.
Q. Perhaps you lost it before you got there?
Tustin. No; I am always particular respecting my money and watch.


                  Edward
                   Dally
               



            . I took the girls up and carried them before the justice. 
               
                  Mary
                   Dykes
               



             owned. she took the watch and half a guinea, out of his pocket; she told me she went to the Bull's Head in Hungerford-market, there was a soldier; he asked what she would have for the watch; she said half a guinea and a gallon of beer.
Q. What did the other woman say?
Dally. She did not go with me.


                  William
                   Wilson
               



            . I was present at the time, the prisoners were examined; I heard one acknowledge the watch was sold in Hungerford-market, for half a guinea and a gallon of beer; I do not know which it was; I know nothing more.
Stewart's Defence.
I was so much in liquor that I lost even my own things; I do not know the prosecutor; I did not own I sold the watch; I lost my own things.
Dykes's Defence.
Last Saturday three weeks. I was coming along Chairing Cross, the prisoner asked if I would take him home to bed, I had never a lock to my door; I know nothing of the things; I received one shilling and six-pence from him; that is all the money I had; I never did own that I sold the watch.
Stewart, 

               Acquitted
            .
Dykes, 

               Guilty
            



               T
            .
