





41. (L.) 
               
                  
                     ROBERT
                      FERGUSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one bank note, value 20 l. and another, value 50 l. the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Golightly
                     



                  , the money for the said notes being due and unsatisfied
            , Nov. 23
. ++
Mr. 
               
                  
                     John
                      Golightly
                  




               
            . On the 23d of November last I was at the lottery office examining some tickets. About six o'clock in the evening I laid down my pocket book on the counter. I missed it in a little time. The prisoner was there examining some numbers. I believe, when I missed it, he went out. I told the people in the office that I suspected that person. He returned again. They said he would return again. I asked him about it; he said he had not seen it. I got a warrant for him on Wednesday the 27th of November, and searched his lodging. We found a bank note, that caused a little suspicion. I lost a 50 l. and a 20 l. note.
Cross Examination.
Q. Whereabouts in the room did you stand was it next the street?
Golightly. Yes. I stood near the door.
Q. Was it not possible that it might get into the street?
Golightly. It could not of itself.
Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Jefferies
               



            . I know nothing of the robbery; all that I can say is, that in the course of my business I took a 90 l. bank note of a woman on Monday night the 25th of November. I am a goldsmith and jeweller. About the Thursday morning after, Mr. Golightly came to me, and described the name and number of it. I had another; I could not have known it unless he had described it.


                  Mary
                   Cooper
               



            . The prisoner is my son-in-law. He told me he had found two bank notes in the street, and desired I would go and buy some things with them; it was on Monday. Accordingly I went to Mr. Jefferies, and bought half a dozen of spoons, and he changed the 50 l. note. I live in the Borough.
Q. Where does Mr. Jefferies live?
Cooper. In Cockspur-street, Charing-cross.
Q. How came you to go so far to buy these spoons?
Cooper. I was that way; I thought it looked like a good shop. I changed the 20 l. note at a silversmith's shop in New-street; there I bought two salts and two spoons.
Q. What change did you receive of Mr. Jefferies, cash or bills?
Cooper. I received cash of him.
Q. When you changed the 20 l. note, what had you done with the other money?
Cooper. I had given it to the prisoner.
Q. Was he with you?
Cooper. He was not far off.


                  Robert
                   Gargrave
               



            . I received a note of 50 l. from Messrs. Lee and Ayton, in Lombard-street, the 20th of last month, which note I paid to Mr. Golightly the same day, or the day after.
Q. Can you tell what was the number of the note?
Gargrawe. That I cannot tell.
- Bird. I am a silversmith in New-street, Covent-garden. This Mrs. Cooper came in after candle-light, and looked at some salts; then she said, I cannot have them unless you can change a 20 l. note. I sent out and changed it. I put it among more, that I cannot tell what the number of it is.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found it in the street, nigh to the door where I was examining my tickets, when I came out at the door. I am a corn-chandler
 in the Borough.
For the Prisoner.


                  Hugh
                   Davidson
               



            . I am a pawn broker in Fleet-street. I have known the prisoner eight or nine years. I never heard any thing amiss of him till now. His brother is a particular acquaintance of mine. I could have trusted his brother with any sum of money, and I think I could him.


                  John
                   Miller
               



            . I am a carpenter in Wapping; I have known him from a child; he bears a good character.


                  Jonathan
                   Matthews
               



            . I am a brewer in Artichoak-lane; he has dealt with me; he has a good character.


                  Robert
                   Read
               



            . I have known him from the year 1745; he has a good character.


                  Alexander
                   Grey
               



            . I am a school-master; I have known him eighteen years; I never heard any thing amiss of him.


                  Richard
                   Matthewson
               



            . I have known him six years; I never knew any thing to embellish his character; he bears a good one.


                  Isaac
                   Ducker
               



            . I am a soap-boiler; I have known him five or six years; he bears an upright character.


                  John
                   Sims
               



            . I have known him almost five years; he has always had the character of an honest man; I have dealt with him.


                  Ralph
                   Dixon
               



            . I have known him two years; I have dealt with him for scores of pounds; I never had any thing to say against him; he bears the character of an honest man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
