





43. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing wearing apparel
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Tompkins
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   TOMPKINS
               



            . I am coachman
 to Mr. Greenland, a surgeon. On the 22d November
, as I was going out with my coach, the prisoner at the bar was coming up the yard, I desired him to lend me a hand in putting too the horses, as he was a helper
. When I went away with the carriage, I gave him the key of the stable door, and desired him to take care of it, which he promised he would. My box was just come out of the country; in my absence he took out of it two pair of corderoy breeches, a pair of leather breeches, a coat, four waistcoats, a great coat, three shirts, marked C. T. and a pair of buttons. About four in the afternoon I returned with the coach, and found the stable door about half open, my box opened, and every thing took out but one shirt and two pair of stockings. I suspected the prisoner, and had him taken up. I saw my cloaths again at Guildhall.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   SMITH
               



            . About 10 o'clock in the evening, when I came home, I saw a sack in my room; I asked my man what it was? he said a man left it until called for; my curiosity led me to open it, when I found a great many things in it. Soon after the prisoner came into the tap-room, where the sack was, and said he wanted the sack he had left there a little time before, I asked him if the things contained in it were his own? he said they were his own cloaths, and if I would let him try them on, every one in the sack would fit him. I told him I would stop him till he had taken an oath before a magistrate that they were his, which he said he would do. We went to justice Whiteworth, who would not permit him to take the oath, but ordered him to go and bring some voucher to his character. He went away, and I sent a man to watch him; he went into the Black Horse in the Borough: among the things in the sack I found a letter directed to 
               
                  Charles
                   Tompkins
               



            : the man who went with him sent to let us know that the prisoner had gone no further than the Black Horse; I went there and sent him to Bridewell. He told me that he had pawned a pair of knee buckles at a pawnbroker's at London Wall. (The buckles were produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor, who said they were in the knees of the black corderoy breeches.)


                  JOHN
                   STEVENSON
               



            . I watched the prisoner at the Black Horse, until Mr. Smith went to see if he could get any intelligence about the matter; at last he came with a letter directed to 
               
                  Charles
                   Tompkins
               



            : we then seized the prisoner, and went and found out the prosecutor, who told us that he had lost those cloaths.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never owned the cloaths at all; there were four or five Jews in the stable looking at some cloaths the prosecutor had to sell. I left the key as usual.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice ASTON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


