





383. (1st. L.) 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      MATHEWS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Hart
                  




               
            , April 28th
. ~


                  Thomas
                   Hart
               



            . I am a bargeman
 in the country; happening to be in town last Tuesday sevennight; I met the prisoner on Ludgate-hill, about eleven at night; four other women were with her; they asked me to treat them with a glass of gin a piece; I agreed to it; I took them to a house and treated them with a pennyworth of gin a piece; three went away, but the prisoner and 
               
                  Lucy
                   Sugar
               



             carried me to their quarters in Fleet Lane


; the prisoner asked me for some money to fetch liquor, on which I gave her a shilling; she asked me if that was all I had got; she carried it out, and brought some liquor back with her, but had not paid for it, for she brought the shilling back in her hand again; soon after she came into the room again, she put her hand into my right hand breeches pocket and took out two guineas.
Q. Was you sober?
Hart. I was pretty pertish, but was in my senses, and knew very well what I was about; I saw the two guineas in her hand; I had no other money in my pocket but the two guineas, a half guinea, and a shilling I had given her; I endeavoured to force the money out of her hand, I could not get it, and have never seen it since. I fastened on them both, and called out for the watch; I brought one down stairs in one hand, and the other in the other; the prisoner fell on me; she beat me and made my face all over blood.


                  Joseph
                   Alderson
               



            . I am a constable; about eleven at night, on the 28th of April, I was out about my duty; when I returned, I found the prisoner at the watch-house in custody; the prosecutor accused her of having taken two guineas out of his pocket; on that I would have willingly perswaded her to return the money, but she denied she had it.
Prisoner's Defence.
He had given me a shilling for liquor; he forced my hand to get the shilling; that was the shilling he first gave me.
She called a man and woman who gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
