





23. (M.) 
               
                  
                     GEORGE
                      WATSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver table spoon, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Crocket
                  




               
            , Nov. 9
.


                  Thomas
                   Crocket
               



            . I keep Pon's coffee-house in Castle-street




; on the 9th of November last, the prisoner came into my house, between six and seven in the evening, and called for a glass of brandy and water; I served him with it; he staid about a quarter of an hour reading a newspaper; after he had read the paper he asked for a bason of soup; a waiter carried it him with a silver spoon in it; I did not much observe him I was in another part of the coffee room; all on a sudden I was told this man was gone, and the silver spoon was missing; it was dark and in vain therefore to think of pursuing him; he had not paid for either the brandy and water or soup; he left the soup behind him; I met him by accident about the Wednesday fortnight afterwards in the street; he was then in the custody of a constable on another occasion; I went before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             and charged him with this robbery. I am very sure he is the man that was in the coffee house at that time to whom the spoon was given.


                  Joseph
                   Armstrong
               



            . I am a waiter at Pon's coffee house; I am sure the prisoner is the man that came into my master's; I served him with the soup, and a spoon was in the bason; it was between six and seven o'clock when he had the soup given him; he tasted it once or twice; when he had done that, I turned my back, and he took opportunity to slip out of the door of the coffee house, and took the spoon with him; I missed it directly as he was gone; I informed my master of it; I am quite positive the prisoner is the man.


                  William
                   Holland
               



            . I am another waiter at Pon's coffee house; I remember his being there; I am positive he is the man.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went out from my lodgings in King-street, Drury-lane; on that day I went to Mr. Harrison's, at the Three Kings, opposite the Buffalo, in Bloomsbury; I had some gin and water there; about seven o'clock there was a very large eel sent for some gentlemen's supper; I staid the dressing of the eel; I staid there till after ten o'clock, and never was out of the house; I was told I should be called up the last day of the sessions. Mr. Harrison is at Hicks's Hall, or he could have proved I was at his house.
He called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him for a crime of the same sort.
