






64. 65. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN
                      ROBINSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      KIRBY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a double brass arm for candles, value 1 s. two single brass arms for candles, value 2 s. one iron cuckold, value 3 d. one copper cover, value 2 s. one brass cover, value 1 s. 6 d. two copper fish kettles, plate and cover, value 20 s. two copper stew pots, value 10 s. two copper covers, value 1 s. six copper saucepans and covers, value 20 s. five copper stew pans and covers, value 20 s. one copper frying pan, value 4 s. two copper tea kettles, value 8 s. one copper chocolate pot, value 4 s. two copper coffee pots, value 5 s. nine brass candlesticks, value 6 s. one copper boiler, value 10 s. one copper coal scuttle, value 10 s. one copper turbot pan, plate, and cover, value 15 s. one copper drinking pot, value 2 s. two brass drudging boxes, value 6 d. and one large copper, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Fielling
                  




               
            , Nov. 22
. *


                  Thomas
                   Fielling
               



            . I lost the different articles mentioned in the indictment out of a house I had in George-street, Hanover-square


, which I let furnished: Mrs. Hewet, who took care of my house, informed me of it. The things in this box are the same I lost.


                  William
                   Rorderick
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Hewet, an upholsterer: I had the care and charge of this house; I have in my hand a double brass arm, the fellow of this produced, that they took, which I have examined; the things in the box that is produced, belong to Mr. Fielling; I have an inventory containing the things lost out of the house; they were in the house on the 13th of October; they were missing the 23d of November; two men came and asked me if we had lost any copper, for two men were in custody, on suspicion, who had owned robbing a house. The goods produced are the goods; I know they are Mr. Fielling's


                  Dennis
               


             M'Donald. I am a constable: about half after ten o'clock, on the 22d of November, as I was on my watch, I met one of the prisoners, who had a great boiler upon his head; the other had a sack, and had some likewise in his hand; the man with the copper threw it down and ran away upon my seizing the other; the copper was picked up within two minutes after; Kirby was the man that had the sack; the other had the copper. I had seen them often before; I knew their persons. I brought Kirby to the watch; I met Lyons; he said he believed he could find out where the other man was gone that had thrown the copper down; we went to a place in Coal-yard, St. Giles's parish, that leads into Drury-lane and Holborn; there I found this Robinson in a house, and the things that are produced in that house where Robinson lodged.
- Lyons, the constable, confirmed this account.
A woman, that cleaned the house, deposed, that when she left the house, about three weeks ago, the things mentioned in the indictment were safe in the house.
Robinson's Defence.
I know nothing of the matter; I had not the copper upon my head.
Kirby's Defence.
A man threw down the copper and things and asked me to help him to carry them home; as it was near my house I said I would; he was about fifty yards before me.
He called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
