






117, 118. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      COOK
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      MORRIS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Moses
                            Montifore
                        




                     
                  , on the 31st of December
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing a large copper, value 20 s. fourteen pewter plates, value 3 s. three pewter dishes, value 3 s. a brass candlestick, value 2 d. a copper pot lid, value 4 d. and a pewter bason, value 6 d. the property of the said Moses, in his dwelling house
            . ++
The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoners.


                  William
                   Archer
               



            . I am headborough of St. Luke's parish. I was called to take care of the prisoners: I went to a public house to the two prisoners; they said they had stopped the prisoners with a copper, and at a public house in James-court I should find more goods; I went there, and there I found the rest of the goods contained in the indictment (repeating them); these were in the lodgings of Cook. After that I went to Hackney


; there I examined Mr. Montifore's house, and found it had been broke open. I measured the place the copper came from, and it appeared to tally with the copper; the upper part of the closet was broke from the bannister; they seemingly got the pewter out there.


                  James
                   Blundell
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Luke's parish, and was beating the hour at five o'clock; one told me he saw two men; I got a brother watchman; they came back with another load; my partner left me being tired, and another watchman came by and helped me; Cook came out with the copper; as he came out of the court I caught him by the collar, and asked him where he was going with that; he said, what is that to you; I insisted upon knowing; he said he was going to set it up; I said he should set it down; he put it down and offered to strike me; I took out my little staff and swore I would knock him down if he offered to resist. I sent another watchman to the prisoners house to see that nobody came out; he went down there and took the other prisoner.
Archer. They have been in my custody ever since.
Prosecutor. I can swear to the pewter; it has my marks upon it; there is a copper wanting in my wash-house; I cannot swear to it; these were at my country house.
Q. from Cook to Blundell. Whether you did not threaten to knock my brains out if I did not put down the copper?
Blundell. Yes, when he began to be rustical and was going to strike me.


                  William
                   Parker
               



            . On the 1st of January I saw these two prisoners come down the court; one had a copper, the other a load in a bag; they went into the house and left the loads, and came out again in about ten minutes, with each an empty bag under his arm; I called my wife up, and said, something was going forward that is not right; she got up; they returned in about three-quarters of an hour with each a load again; my wife and I followed them to the door, and saw them go up stairs with the goods; when they were examined before the Justice, the Justice asked the man that had the copper, if he had the copper; he said, yes. He carried it into the house and brought it out again, and that the other was the man that had the load upon his back.
Q. Are you sure these are the men?
Parker. Yes.
Q. Did you see Morris before?
Parker. Never before in my life.
Q. What time of night was it?
Parker. In the morning.
Q. Was it day light?
Parker. No, quite dark.
Q. Then can you be sure that is the man?
Parker. Yes, I took notice of him.
Q. from the prisoners. Whether more than two went into the house?
Parker. I am positive there were no more than these two men.


                  Richard
                   Harwood
               



            . I am a watchman; it was after the watch hours; I was going to work; Blundell called me to his assistance; he said he had intelligence where these things were carried in, which he thought were stole; I stood there about a quarter of an hour; I went for a pint of purl; when I returned I saw Cook with the copper on his head; Blundell bid me go down to No. 5 in the court; I went there; I caught Morris just at the door; I cannot say whether within or without; I said he was the man I wanted; I took him, and brought him to the public house.


                  Alexander
                   Morrison
               



            . I am a gardener: I work for Mr. Montifore.
Q. Do you live in the house?
Morrison. No. I went down on the 1st of January to work in the garden; I found the house broke open. Between eleven and twelve o'clock I came to the gentleman's house at London; we went and looked over the house, and found it robbed of a copper, some pewter, and some lead from the outside.
Q. How do you know the pewter was gone out of the house, you did not know what pewter was there before, did you?
Morrison. No.
Cook's Defence.
I was coming to my work on Friday night: a man stopped us in Houndsditch, and asked me to set him up a copper; I said I could; he asked me if I would come in the morning about four or five o'clock; I said I would do it, he said they were out of his house, for he was afraid of having them seized. This man met me, and gave them me, packed up, ready for us, by the Fox at Greenland-road; as I came to Shoreditch church he asked me if I could lodge them at my house, for he was just got into a new lodging, and did not care to disturb the man; I agreed to it; after that I took another turn, and then he said he would call his landlord up. As I was coming out of the lodging, between seven and eight, Blundell stopped me; I said I was going to set the copper up; I said I was no thief, if he would go with me I would shew him the man I had the copper from. He threatened to knock me down.
Morris's Defence.
This man came and said he could help me to a job if I would come in the morning betimes; I went at four o'clock, and there was a man waiting with the things; he desired us to let him leave them at Cook's, which he did.
For Cook.


                  John
                   Blake
               



            . Cook is a very honest man: I have known him six years; he is a bricklayer's labourer
.


                  Robert
                   Parsons
               



            . Cook has served me many days as a labourer: I am a bricklayer; I never heard any harm of him.


                  William
                   Rice
               



             . I have known Cook three or four years: I am a bricklayer; I believe him to be a very worthy honest man; he has a good character.


                  Thomas
                   Bishop
               



            . I never heard any thing amiss of his character in my life; I have known him between six and seven years. I am a bricklayer's labourer.


                  Christopher
                   Durand
               



            . I am a bricklayer: I have known Cook between eight and nine years; he has worked for me: if he was at liberty I would employ him again to-morrow.
COOK 


               guilty of stealing the goods, but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            . 


               T
            .
MORRIS 

               acquitted
            .
