





256. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      BILLINGS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden box with an iron lock, value 4 s. two cloth coats, value 40 s. two cloth waistcoats, value 20 s. a thickset waistcoat, value 5 s. two pair of leather breeches, value 20 s. a velvet cap, with a gold lace band, value 10 s. two yards of gold lace, value 6 s. a silver tea spoon, value 2 s. a pruning knife, value 4 d. a pair of spurs plated with silver, value 2 s. a leather pocket book with a silver clasp, value 4 d. a common prayer book, value 1 s. two crape hatbands, value 4 d. three pair of black worsted stockings, value 18 d. a man's hat with a silver button and loop, value 2 s. a pair of base metal shoe buckles, value 1 s. and eight guineas, the property of 
                     
                        James
                         Clark
                     



                  ; a pair of fustian breeches, value 1 s. and a pair of worsted stockings, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        William
                         Wanklin
                     



                   junior, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William
                         Wanklin
                     



                   senior
            , Feb. 16th +.


                     James
                      Clark
                  



               
            . I live with Mr. Wanklin; my box was in the three pair of stairs room; I saw it on the 11th of February; I did not miss it till the 16th, all my things were in the box, which was locked; the prisoner lay in another bed in the same room with me; he never lodged there after I missed my box; I suspected him and went in search after him; it was two or three days before I found him; at last I found him at the 
               
                  George
                   Ale-house
               



            , in Grafton-street, with a pair of my buckskin breeches on, my buckles in his shoes, and a crape hatband on; I had him before Justice Welch; the rest of the things were found in one place or another.
The buckles and breeches produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.


                     William
                      Wanklin
                  



               
            , junior
. I lost a pair of fustian breeches, and a pair of worsted stockings at the same time; I found the stockings on the prisoner's legs when he was taken.


                  William
                   Hutchinson
               



            . I keep a publick house in Red-Lion-street, Holborn; the prisoner is my countryman, a Staffordshire man; he asked me to give him room for a box for a few days that came from Gravesend; I said he was welcome; he brought the box and said he had lost the key of it; and desired I would send for a man to open it; when he opened it, there were a great many things in it; he said he should like to sell some of the things; there was a livery, a gold band, and among the rest a silver spoon; a Jew bought some gold lace and the spoon of him; my wife afterwards bought the spoon of the Jew for 2 s. 8 d. at the same time the prisoner made me a present of the bookcase (the pocket book and spoon produced and deposed to by the prosecutor). In a day or two after, he called for the box; I desired my servant to fetch it down; he tied some things in a handkerchief, and gave me this prayer book and these spurs (producing them).
Clark. My name is in the prayer book; it is mine, and it is my box.


                  James
                   Wigley
               



            . One morning I was sent for to the last witness's house, and I opened a box for the prisoner.


                  John
                   Devine
               



            . The night before the prisoner was taken he brought some clothes to the George in Monmouth-street, and desired my mistress to put them up for him; he said he was going to sea and would fetch them away next morning. (The clothes produced and deposed to by Clark).
Prisoner's Defence.
The box was given to me by a man in the street.




               Guilty of stealing the goods to the value of 39 s.
            



               T
            .
