





172. (M.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      CAVERNER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two guineas, and 3 s. 6 d. in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Abbot
                  




               
            , April 11
. +.


                  John
                   Abbot
               



            . I am master of the Fanny
. I met Mr. Smith on the 11th of April, a little after three o'clock. It has been some time since I have seen Smith. He met me, and said, You look pure well; he asked me when I went to Lynn again; I said, I was going down to New-castle; he said, he had a friend who had some goods to go there. I went down with him to see these goods in Whitechapel. He asked me what I would have to drink; I said, a pint of beer. He said, they don't sell beer. I said, half a pint of wine would do. He said, he had a brother had two bales more. His brother came in soon after, a stout portly man; half a pint of wine was called for; he sat about a minute or two, when in came the prisoner and another gentleman like a countryman; it was in a little narrow room backwards, at the three Lemons, Goodman's-field. This country gentleman said he saw this young man at cards one night, and asked him how he came off. He stew about the room like wildfire; said he, I lost so much money. How? Said he, in cutting the cards. I lost 40 or 50 l. but I don't mind that a farthing. What, said he, did my uncle say when I was gone out? Why, that you was an idle young rascal, and would spend all your fortune. But said he, you got a prize, did not you? He said, yes, he got 5000 l. He then proposed to cut for some money. He brought in the cards; all under five was this gentleman's and all above five this man's. Zounds! thinks I, you have a good chance to beat this man; so they went on several times; this countryman won every time. At last this man said, Captain, cut you for me, he wins every time. I said, I beg to be excused, I will have no hand in it; I never played for a sixpence in my life. They said, it is no harm for you to cut. I cut once or twice, and this countryman won. The prisoner said, you are all devils, I will cut no more; I will toss up. He swore again, You are all a pack of lousy scrubby fellows; I will lay any thing you cannot produce forty guineas apiece at one time. Smith sitting by me, said, Captain, have not you got so much? I said, No. He said, Could you not get it? I said, Yes, I could in an hour. Then he said, Lay it. I was foolish enough to lay; I paid the money down, and I went cut, and Smith and the other countryman went away with me. I put down three guineas; O! said Smith, I will take care they shall not run away with the wager; I will take care of you. I went away innocently enough. I went into the city, and drew my money from the banker's. This stout fellow went with me, and we received the cash. As soon as we got into the house, he said, Captain, you are too late by two or three minutes, it shall be a drawn wager; (though we were within the time) they shan't use you ill. We returned the money. Then they proposed play at cutting for a sum; I said, I would rather go about my business. One of them by me, said, You shall not go yet, captain. I saw a little woman put her hand to the door, and push the bolt too. When this was done, O! thinks I, I am gone; then I began to be terrified. Thinks I, now what will become of me; I shall be certainly lost. After this they went on and cut away, sometimes for two guineas, then five, then sixteen. My money held out longer than the countryman's and this Smith's brother's; then they had nothing but mine to work for. I thought to keep some back; one of them minded me. I told them all mine was gone. I lost 41 l. 2 s. 9 d. I had drank nothing that blessed day but one glass of wine.
Council. Oh, it was a blessed day indeed!
Abbot. I wanted to keep this money fast. This stout fellow stood close to me; he said, You have more money yet, out with it; d - n me, turn it out; and up with his fist at me. I was obliged to take it out. As soon as it was done, I saw no money put to it; no wager betted, nor card cut; but the prisoner, as soon as I had put down two guineas and 3 s. 6 d. swept it up, and said, that is mine. I stood up and said, surely you will not take my money from me in this manner? I said to Smith, You know I am a poor man; you have brought me here to ruin me. The prisoner stood there all the time, and he took the whole tote of the money. After this Smith said to me, You shall not lose your money; I have a merchant over the way owes me 100 l. I will draw that and pay you. I went out with Smith. I said, Where is the house? He said, Not far off; and so brought me on, till he turned the corner by the Magdalene. There was a little alehouse by the Swan; he said, Go in there, and call for a pint of beer, and I will go to the house, it is over the way. I went in; I could drink none. When he got out, I went and peep'd round the corner; when I peep'd, he ran as hard as he could. I ran heard after him, but before I came at him he had turned the corner. I never saw any more of him. I came up to London last November with corn, and on the 4th of November I had been to dinner, and I saw this Smith, and a man with boots and sours walking together. I seized Smith directly. I said, Do you know poor Abbot now? He said, no. I am an Irishman. I came up last sessions to attend on him, and walking down the Strand on the 5th of December, I came plump on him. I said, Ah, young man, what have you done with my money you got from me? He said, I don't know any thing of you. I took him before the Justice. The other man drew his hand from me, and ran away as fast as he could. He ran up a court; I called stop thief; they ran round me, and the man got off. We had the prisoner before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            . He swore all the way, and made use of such threats as never was known, what he would do to me. I said, I know you very clearly. As soon as I got him to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, he was committed. A gentleman came to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, and said Caverner was his prisoner for a sum of money. I said to the Justice, don't let him be taken away from me. He was committed. This man met me afterwards, and said I owed him so much money, I had taken away his prisoner from him.
Q. At the time you put down these two guineas, had any of the company put up their fists, and insisted on your putting down your money?
Abbot. Yes, and the prisoner was present.
Q. Was that the man you saw with Caverner, when you met him on the 5th of December?
Abbot. Yes.
Q. Was this money demanded on account of what you had lost by gaming?
Abbot. No, it was after all was done. There was no money down but my own.
Court. Did you owe them any money you had not paid them?
Abbot. No.
He was asked, on his cross examination, whether he told Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             that he was robbed. He replied, that he told Sir 
               
                  John
               


             the whole story of what passed; and when he came to mention the two guineas and three shillings and six-pence, Sir John said, that was a smush.


                  John
                   Copperthwaite
               



             deposed, that he paid the prosecutor a draft of 40 l. the same day.
The prisoner, in his defence, called 
               
                  William
                   Munday
               



            , a waiter at the Three-Lemons, who deposed, that the prosecutor made no complaint there of having been robbed; and also that there was only an inside bolt to the door.


                  Thomas
                   Dudfield
               



            , who keeps the Three-Lemons, deposed, that when the prosecutor came back to his house to seek for the men, he said, he had left all his money at cards.


                  Mary
                   Brown
               



             deposed to the same effect.


                  James
                   Snape
               



             deposed, that he was drinking in the Swan alehouse, Rosemary-lane; that the prosecutor came into that house to seek for the men; that he told the witness, that he never had the purse in his pocket till he had lost all his money, and that he lost the whole sum, amounting to 43 l. 8 s. 3 d. by cutting of cards.
Mr. Keeling deposed. that Abbot the first time, said he had been defrauded of upwards of forty pounds by cutting of cards; that on his second examination, he said he two guineas and three shillings had no connexion with the play; and that all play was over when they took that.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
