





277. (M.) 
               
                  
                     HENRY
                      PALMER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a trunk covered with leather, value 3 s. a woollen cloth coat, value 40 s. a woollen cloth waistcoat, value 20 s. a pair of breeches, value 10 s. a woollen cloth waistcoat, value 20 s. a pair of woollen cloth breeches, value 20 s. a pair of stone buckles set in silver, value 4 s. one gentin handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Lewis Hawsher
                        




                     
                   in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John
                         Watts
                     



, Feb. 8
. *


                  John
                   Lewis Hawsher
               



            . I am a pawnbroker
 in Cranbourn-alley. On the 8th of February there was a fire at my house; I lost a leather trunk out of my house containing a brown suit of clothes, a brown velvet waistcoat and a pair of velvet breeches, a pair of stone buckles set in silver and a linen handkerchief. I missed them in the evening; a man told me he had found a trunk in the King's Mews; there was nothing in it; I fetched the trunk the day after; the trunk belonged to the landlord where I lodged; his name is 
               
                  George
                   Watts
               



            ; he lent me the use of the trunk.
Q. Who did the things in the trunk belong to?
Hawsher. Me.
Q. How long before you missed the trunk had you seen these things in it?
Hawsher. The day before I had them on, and put them in on Sunday evening.
Q. Did you ever hear of any of the things afterwards?
Hawsher. Yes; there was a man that brought a coat, and another that stopt the waistcoat and breeches in consequence of my having advertised it.
Sampson Hodgkin. I bought this suit of clothes of the prisoner on Tuesday the 9th of this month; I met the prisoner in the street; he said he was a gentleman's servant; we went into the Rose in Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square; he offered the clothes to some Jews; they could not agree for them; I asked him to let me look at them; he brought them; I asked him the price of them; he said 36 s. he had another waistcoat and breeches; I asked where the coat of that suit was; he said his master wore it with other clothes; (the clothes produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a Frenchman, and am not acquainted with the English law. On Tuesday morning a man came to me in Piccadilly; he had some clothes to sell; he offered them to some people; they could not agree; then he shewed the clothes to me and I bought them; then he shewed me a pair of shoe buckles and asked if I would buy them; he asked half a guinea for them; he said he lived with a gentleman that was gone abroad; I met a Jew; he asked if I would sell the clothes again; I said I would not in the street, so we went into a public house, but we could not agree; a chairman bid me 31 s. 6 d. for them; I told him I could not take it; then I went to another house and shewed them to another Jew; he bid me 15 s. for them; the man collared me and asked if I would take the 15 s. I said I would not; the gentlewoman bid me tie the clothes up, for they did not want to buy them; then the man in black knocked me down and said I had stole the clothes. I am as innocent of it as the child unborn.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            . 


               T
            .
