





42. (2d. M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      DUNN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 5 l. a steel chain value 3 s. a silver seal, value 1 s. a cornelian stone seal set in silver, value 1 s. and a watch key, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James
                      Gladstone
                  




               
            , Nov. 11


. +


                  James
                   Gladstone
               



            . Coming along King-street Covent-garden


, in company with a friend, we met two women and a man; the gentleman with me, who had hold of my arm, quitted his hold, to make way for those persons to go between the houses and us; whether I pushed again the man or no, I cannot tell; I was a little in liquor, but the man pushed so against me, that I fell down; I hurt my head, and left elbow; my friend who had got on a little, missing me, came back to my assistance; as I lay in the street, a chair was passing, which stopt, a tall man came to my assistance, lifted me up in his arms, and put me in the chair; as soon as I was in the chair, one of the chairmen said, I insist you look, before I stir a foot, whether the gentleman has his watch and money about him; I put my hand into my pocket and found it wanting; then some people ran away; the next morning I went to several pawnbrokers; and left marks of the watch, with directions to apply to Sir John Fielding if the watch was offered them; I was informed by Sir John's men that my watch was found.
- Heather. I am a pawnbroker; the prosecutor came to my shop, and informed me he had lost his watch, 2nd he lest the marks of it; within an hour after that the prisoner came in, and gave the watch to my young man, and offered to pawn it for two guineas; he immediately said, this is the watch; I crossed into the passage, in order to prevent me prisoner making his escape; I took the watch, and asked him how he came by it; he would not give any account how he came by the watch. I sent to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            ; in consequence of which his men came and took the prisoner.
Q. from the prisoner. Did you see any body at the door with me.
Heather. No.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was coming from Drury-lane-playhouse on the 11th of November, I came across Covent-garden, on the other side of King-street, opposite St. Martin's-lane; there was another person with me: it was a clear moon light night; I hit my foot against a watch, or seal, or something; it was three foot off the pavement, facing St. Martin's-lane; I stooped down and picked up this watch: I turned to the person that was with me, and said I have found a watch; my friend said, he had a right to part of it, or to a treat: I said so he had if it was not advertized in the morning; the next day as I was going down Long-lane, I thought I would take up two guineas upon this watch, seeing it had not been advertized: I looked in all the papers to see. When Heather stopped me, I was determined to give no account till I came before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            .
For the prisoner.


                  George
                   Mason
               



            . I am a Journyman hair-dresser: I was coming from the White-Lion, up Russel-street, to the end of the Piazza Covent-garden, on Wednesday night; there I met with the prisoner; I knew him by dressing at my shop when I kept one in White-horse-street, Piccacadily; we crossed Covent-garden together; I stopt at the corner of King-street, to make water; the prisoner got on before me; he crossed into the high way and stooped; when I came up to him, I asked him what he had found, and he told me had found a watch; I told him I had a right to a treat; he said, as soon as he had made away with it, he would treat me. On Friday I read the paper, and found that Dun was mentioned in the paper, as being detected in passing a watch; I guessed it might be on account of that watch.



               Guilty
             of stealing the watch, but not privately from the person.
See him tried last sessions, for picking a gentleman's pocket at Guildhall of his pocket-book, containing Bank-notes to a considerable amount.




[Transportation. See summary.]


