







719, 720, 721. (M.) 
               
                  
                     GEORGE
                      COOKE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      EVANS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      WARD
                  



               
             were indicted, for that they 


               on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        John
                         Herd
                     



                  , did make assault, with intent the money and effects of the id John to steal
            , October 20
. *


                     John
                      Herd
                  




               
            . On Tuesday morning st, between eight and nine o'clock, coming from Tottenham to Cannonbury House, in the middle of the fields, near Newington Green


, the three prisoners met me; two of them laid hold of me by the collar, and the other he collar of my shirt; they cried your money! her money! I struck the man that was in the middle very hard, and wrenched myself from all the rest; they all fell upon me; I had a small stick in my hand, which in the scuffle they broke I had the thick end in my hand, and one of them had the other end, and struck me with it on the head; I struck one very hard with the bit I had in my hand; then one of them said shoot him, and I expected they would, but they did not produce any arms; seeing they had no arms, I attacked them, and they all run away; I pursued as far as Newington Green, which was about two thirds over that field and another; there is a place called Spring Gardens, Ward endeavoured to escape me there, by getting through the gate, and putting it to, but I got hold of him. Some people that came from Newington Green stopt the other two.
Q. Are you sure there are the people that attacked you?
Herd. Yes, perfectly sure.


                  Elizabeth
                   Smith
               



            . I was going to Islington on business; I was about ten yards before Mr. Herd; the prisoners met me, but did not speak to me; I turned round and saw them all seize Mr. Herd by the collar, and use him very ill; I heard them say,
"D - n you, your money!" as far as I remember, the gentleman said he would not he robbed by such blackguards; they ran away, and Mr. Herd pursued them; I screamed, and that raised many people; I followed them, and saw them taken; they never were out of sight.
The prisoners, in their defence, said, that one of them stumbled against the prosecutor, who said, do you want to rob me? and began beating them with his stick, and that they had no intention to rob him.
Evans called 
               
                  Charles
                   Martin
               



            , who knew him two years ago, who said that he then bore a good character.
All three 

               Guilty
            . 




               T
            .
