





718. (2d M) 
               
                  
                     JAMES
                      PIERCE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert
                            Bevan
                        



                     
                  , on the 19th of September
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing a crown piece and two shillings in money numbered, the property of 
                     
                        Unite
                         Tower
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        Robert
                         Bevan
                     



, ++
Unite Tower. I live at Mr. Bevan's, in the Curtain, Moorfields


. On Friday the 16th of September, between one and two in the morning, I heard a noise in the room I lie in; I got up in the bed, but could see nothing; I lay down again; I heard a noise again; I jumped up, and caught hold of the prisoner by the hand, at my trunk; he said, he was locked out; I called out to one of the boys; my master came up with a light; I found my box open, and missed a crown piece and two shillings, out of the pocket of a pair of breeches that were in it. I charged the prisoner with having it; he denied it; I found it afterwards on the bed. The prisoner had lived at the house, and was my bedfellow two or three months; he has been gone from the house a month or six weeks. I asked him how he got into the house, he said, he got over the wall, and in at the cellar window.
Charles Poulter. I am a peace officer. I was charged with the prisoner; he confessed he took the key, and unlocked the box, and took the money out.
Prisoner's Defence.
The apprentice let me in; I was told I might lie there any night if I was belated. I knocked, and the apprentice got up, and let me in; there were four other persons lay in that room besides the prosecutor. I was very drunk.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a very good character.




               Guilty of stealing the money, but not guilty of the burglary
            . 


               T
            

