





362. (M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      WARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen gown, value 3 s. two linen aprons, value 1 s. a linen shift, value 1 s. two linen handkerchiefs, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann
                      Brockland
                  




               
            , widow, Feb. 21st
. ++


                  Ann
                   Brockland
               



            . I lost the things mentioned in the indictment from my lodgings in Northampton-street, Clerkenwell


; I was not at home; I know nothing of the taking of the things; the constable has them.


                  Mary
                   Southern
               



            . I live in Northampton-street, Wood's Close: the bricklayers were at work; I shut the window left it should be broke; I went to go up stairs; I saw the mark of a dirty foot on the stairs; I called to know who was there, and then a man came down with the things in a bag; I asked what he had got; he said soot; he looked like a chimney sweeper; I cannot swear to the man; Morris took the bag, and pulled out the things; I saw the gown taken out.


                  Robert
                   Morris
               



            . I was in the house; I saw the prisoner come down the stairs; I am sure he is the man; I took the bag from him, and took the things out of the bag; I came at the call of the last witness. He said he would do so no more; I delivered the things to the constable.


                  Samuel
                   Lee
               



            . I am the constable: I had the charge of the goods; (they are produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I met with a chimney-sweeper; he told me he had two chimneys to sweep; he took me up into a one-pair-of-stairs room where these things were taken from, and said he was going to sweep the chimney; his bag was there before; he was going to pull off his shoes; somebody cried out; he ran down stairs and bid me bring his bag after him to the next door; that he was going to sweep a chimney there; I took it up not knowing what was in it; he ran out of the door and I was stopped.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
