






368, 369. (L.) 
               
                  
                     GEORGE
                      MORLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD
                      HANDBY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander
                      Anderson
                  




               
            , May 13th
. ~


                  Alexander
                   Anderson
               



            . As I was crossing Bank-street


, by the Sun Fire Office, to go to the Exchange, a person called after me; I stopped and saw he had hold of a boy and a man; he asked me if I had lost any thing; I put my hand in my pocket, and said I had lost my handkerchief; he said he saw the boy pick my pocket, and threw the handkerchief down the area of the Sun Fire Office; I went to the area and saw it there; a coachman got it up with his whip, and it was delivered to the constable; it is marked with the initials of my name, and number 10.



                  John
                   Duncastle
               



            . I am a constable; on the 13th of this month, about three in the afternoon, coming out of the Old Change, I saw the prisoners picking pockets in Cheapside; knowing the biggest to be very notorious, I followed them, and watched them half an hour; I saw them attempt several gentlemen's pockets; I watched them till they came to the end of Queen-street; there they both stopped about five minutes; I crossed the way and stood opposite to them; the prosecutor came by the end of Queen-street, and crossed the way to St. Mildred's church, in the Poultry, and they followed him to the back of the Sun Fire Office, opposite the Bank; there I saw Morley put his hand in the gentleman's pocket; he had attempted it several times; he took the handkerchief out of his pocket, and put it under the right hand side of his coat; I ran up to him, catched him fast by the collar, and called to the gentleman; I borrowed a coachman's whip and took the handkerchief out of the area myself. (The handkerchief produced and deposed to.)
Morley's Defence.
I know nothing of it, no more than the child unborn.
Handby's Defence.
I was going of an errand for my master, Mr. Crouch, who keeps the Coach and Horses; I did not see the lad do any thing till the man laid hold of me; I know nothing of it.
Hanby called one witness to his character.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
