





186. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Matthew
                      Murray
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph
                            Holroid
                        




                     
                  , on the third of May, 1769
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing one silver punch-ladle, value 5 s. one silver tablespoon, value 10 s. and one silver tea-spoon, value two shillings, the property of the said Joseph, in his dwelling-house
            . ++


                  Joseph
                   Holroid
               



            . I keep the Black Dog, a public house in Mile End road




. My house was broke open two years ago come the second of next May. I shut up the house myself on Tuesday night, the first of May, about twelve o'clock. About five o'clock next morning the chair-woman came to work, and found the door open; she called me up: I found the sash open; they had forced the bottom and middle bolt of it. The things mentioned in the indictment, and some others, were taken out of the bar which was broke open. I advertized them the next Thursday, and on Sunday I had notice of them from Mr. Edwards, a pawn-broker. On Monday I went and fetched them, and put them into the hands of a constable. I went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's and got a warrant, but I could not find Murray, the prisoner; he was gone to Ireland. The prisoner was taken up for something else about three weeks ago. I had a maid that was intimate with him.
Cross Examination.
Q. When did you first hear of the prisoner's return from Ireland?
Holroid. I had heard of it this twelve-month. I had fought for him, but could not meet with him.
Q. Has not he kept a house for this twelve-month past, to your knowledge?
Holroid. I might have heard that he has.
Q. Did you never go to that house to enquire for him?
Holroid. No.


                  Richard
               


             M'Guire deposed that he fastened the house up the night preceding the robbery.


                  John
                   Edwards
               



            , who is a pawn-broker, deposed that the prisoner pledged a table-spoon, a punch-ladle, and a tea-spoon, with him on the second of May, 1769.
(Produced in Court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Ann
                   French
               



             deposed that she came to work at the prosecutor's house at five o'clock in the morning, and found the door open, and that it was then light.
The prisoner in his defence said, that he kept a house in Rosemary-lane, and let a lodging to 
               
                  Frank
                   Dew
               



            , and 
               
                  William
                   Kenny
               



            ; that they went away in the night on the sixth of May; that when he got up he found several things belonging to them in the room, among the rest the things mentioned in the indictment, which he took to pay for a quarter's rent that they owed him. He called a woman that lived servant with him, who deposed that the things were left by Daw and Kenny. He called to his character 
               
                  James
                   Burdett
               



            , who had known him six years by seeing him at a public-house, but did not even know his business; and 
               
                  James
                   Brady
               



            , with whom he dealt for bread, who gave him a good character.




               Guilty of stealing only
            , 


               T
            .
