





489. (L) 
               
                  FANNY, the wife
 of 
                     
                        DAVID
                         HART
                     







            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Emanuel
                         Fernandez
                     



                  , on the 26th of March, about the hour of nine in the night, and stealing a boy's nankeen coat, waistcoat and breeches value ten shillings, a pair of womens muslin laced ruffles, value twenty shillings, a muslin apron, value three shillings, three shagreen cases, value four shillings, a china image tipt with gold, value twenty shillings, an enamelled ink stand, value two shillings, two silk and silver purses, value one shilling, a canvass bag, value one penny, three leather bags, value one penny, a gold snuff box, value twenty pounds, a silver snuff box, value forty shillings, a watch with two cases, made of gold, value twenty pounds, nineteen guineas and eighty-nine guineas in money, numbered the property of the said Emanuel, in his dwelling house
             ++.


                     Emanuel
                      Fernandez
                  




               
            . On Sunday the 26th of March
, about eight in the evening there were some ladies drinking tea with my wife in the parlour; about nine o'clock the maid that attends my little girl, came down stairs, and told me the house had been riffled; she asked my wife if she had left the key in the bureau; we went up stairs and found the iron chest that contained all the things mentioned in the indictment, (except the boys things,) taken away, the garret window appeared to be broke open I received my things again from Mr. Merriman.
They were produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.


                  Benjamin
                   Merriman
               



            . I had been robbed, I searched the house of the prisoner and found the things mentioned in the indictment; I took them to my own house, on opening them, I found Mr. Fernandez name in some writings, which led me to inform Mr. Fernandez of it; I delivered the things to Mr. Mead.
- Mead. I delivered the things to the banker, I questioned the prisoner about the ruffles, she said she had them ten or twelve years; I found
Mr. Fernandez. I received them of the banker, and have had them ever since.


                  Thomas
                   Gates
               



            . I was at the searching of the prisoner's house, in the lower room we found the ruffles; she said, she had them a dozen years, I am sure the ruffles produced are the same.


                  William
                   Hummerstone
               



            . I was with Gates when he found the ruffles, we saw them there in the evening, but did not take them away, because she said they were her won; we fetched them away next morning.
Mrs. Fernandez deposed to the ruffles.
Prisoner's Defence.


                  Rebecca
                   Solomons
               



             found the ruffles in the entry when I was taken and thought they were mine, and put them in my drawer, there was a Dutch woman lodged in the room where the things were found.




               Not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house, but guilty of stealing the goods
            . 


               T
            .
