





30. (M.) 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Goldwell
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            , Oct. 13
. +
When this prisoner was put to the bar to be arraigned, he appeared to be deaf and dumb; the Court directed the sheriff to impannel a Jury, to try whether he stood dumb through obstinacy, or by the visitation of God; a Jury were accordingly returned by the sheriff, who after hearing the evidence of 
               
                  Fanny
                   Lazarus
               



            , who had known the prisoner several years, brought in their verdict,
"That he was dumb by the visitation of God."


                  Fanny
                   Lazarus
               



             was sworn interpreter: she interpreted to the prisoner by signs.
Mary Beach. I live with Mr. Goldwell, who is a haberdasher and hosier
 in Oxford-street


. On the 13th of October the prisoner, who had been once before in our shop, came and made signs for a pair of stockings; I reached him a pair; I made signs to him by my fingers that they were five shillings; he gave me a guinea to change; I pulled out the till and put it on the compter to give him change; he put his hand in and took out four shillings and sixpence, and laid on the compter, which I imagined he thought enough for the stockings; I took but four shillings and sixpence of him, and gave him change out of the guinea; I put the till in its place, and he went away immediately; I took the till out about ten minutes after he was gone, to set it right, because I do not give change out of that till, but as the compter was full I could not leave it to go to the other counter; I told it over and missed five guineas; I perceived by my eye there were some missing before I told them; I had told them about nine o'clock, this was about one; I had not opened the till all the morning before; after I told the money there were thirteen guineas in the morning, and eight when I looked at them again; nobody else could have access to it; in about three weeks after he came again, and made signs for a pair of stockings. (The witness was taken with a fit and obliged to be carried out of Court.)


                  Ann
                   Skulthaw
               



            . I live with Mr. Goldwell: I remember the prisoner coming in for the stockings the beginning of November; he made signs for a pair of stockings on the compter; we were both in the shop; the last witness said it is the dumb man; I said, is it the dumb man? upon that he ran out of the shop, and I ran after him; I thought by that he understood what we said; I called out; a hackney coachman pursued him, and he was taken and brought back in about a quarter of an hour.
Q. Did you speak very loud, or very eager, when you said, is it the dumb man?
Skulthaw. No.
Cross Examination.
Q. You was not present the first time he came?

Skulthaw. No.
Q. When you spoke to the other witness did you make any signs?
Skulthaw. No.
Q. You serve in the shop I believe as well as the other witness?
Skulthaw. Sometimes.
[Mary Beach returns into Court.]
Cross Examination.
Q. The other witness served in the shop as well as you?
Beach. Yes, sometimes.
Q. When he came into the shop he made signs?
Beach. Yes.
Q. You thought him both deaf and dumb?
Beach. Yes.
Q. All that passed between you was by signs?
Beach. Yes.
Q You had seen the till at nine in the morning; you had not been all the time in the shop?
Beach. No, I had only been out to breakfast.
Q. Many people I suppose were served in the shop from nine to one?
Beach. Yes.
Q. When he went away you did not miss the money, or see him take it?
Beach. No; I missed it about ten minutes after he was gone.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to buy a pair of stockings, and paid for them, and about three weeks after, as I was going past, they sent many people after me, to hold me fast for nothing at all.


                  Fanny
                   Lazarus
               



            . I have known the prisoner five years: his father lives abroad; his father is a great man, and remits him money from Holland to keep him: he has received money at my house; he is very honest and well behaved.


                  Richard
                   Dignam
               



            . I am keeper of Clerkenwell Bridewell; the prisoner was three weeks in my custody; he never shewed the least that he heard any thing that was said.
Beach. Nobody had access to the till but me; the key was in my pocket all the morning.
Q. from the Jury. You are servant to Mr. Goldwell?
Beach. Shop-woman.
Q. Has he a master key to that till as well as you?
Beach. No; he puts all the power over it in my hand.
Q. Had you a view of that part of the shop from the room you was in?
Beach. Yes.




               Guilty of stealing the money, but not guilty of stealing it in the dwelling house
            



               T
            .
See him tried for a crime of the same sort No. 456 in the last mayoralty.
