





557. (M.) 
               
                  
                     SIMON
                      PRICE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a portmanteau trunk, value 5 s. a green sattin negligee and coat, value 40 s. a sattin night gown, value 20 s. a striped lustring gown, value 10 s. a sprig silk night gown, value 10 s. a purple and white linen gown, value 5 s. a striped silk gown, value 10 s. a blue Persian petticoat, value 10 s. a muslin cloak, value 10 s. a cloth coat, value 20 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 10 s. two linen shifts, value 10 s. one cornelian seal set in gold, value 10 s. a silver seal, value 5 s. a mahogany box, value 5 s. five pair of ear rings, value 20 s. a garnet necklace, value 5 s. and a paste stay hook set in silver, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary
                      Maclahan
                  




               
            , June 27
. ++


                  Mary
                   Maclahan
               



            . I live at Enfield


. On the 27th of June I lost a portmanteau, containing the goods mentioned in the indictment, from a post chaise, on the road to Enfield; I saw it was safe at Stamford Hill, between seven and eight o'clock. I did not miss it till I came to my own door; it was fastened with a cord.


                  Thomas
                   Palton
               



            . I tied the portmanteau with two halters to the post chaise.


                  John
                   Heley
               



            . A person came to the Brown Bear, on the 27th of June, and informed us, that 
               
                  Simon
                   Price
               



             had cut a portmanteau from behind a chaise; accordingly Mr. Taylor and I went to St. Giles's at 12 o'clock, and waited for his coming home; we waited till five o'clock in the morning, but he did not come home, so we went home to bed about six o'clock. A person came and informed us, that the prisoner was come home; we went and found the prisoner in a closet in a house in St. Giles's; he had two bundles containing the things mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Was he dressed or undressed?
Heley. Only his shoes were off; as soon as I knocked, the door was opened by the person that gave us the information. The prisoner said he found the trunk upon the road, and that it was in the ditch, where he found it; that he had been to fetch away the things. We took post chaise, and took the prisoner with us; he showed us the place where the trunk was, and in it we found a boy's pompadour suit of cloaths; the things were produced before Sir John, and were all delivered up to the lady, except a green negligee, a green sattin cloak and he box.
Q. to the Prosecutrix. Were the things delivered up to you that were in the portmanteau?
Prosecutrix. Yes, all the things were delivered up to me.
Heley. When we came to the gate we got over it; he said it is in this ditch: I saw the trunk about fifteen yards before I came to it.


                  William
                   Taylor
               



            . I went with Mr. Heley to St. Giles's; I searched Price and found two seals in his coat pocket. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's Defence.
It appears the lady set out at seven in the morning; I was in bed at that time; I dined at the White House that day, at the top of Newman street, at one o'clock; after I dined I was desirous of going into the country to work; there was some hay making. I went into the field, and in the ditch I saw the nails shine; there I found the portmanteau; it was too heavy to carry, so I went away and brought a tool bag to fetch some of the things away; I made no secret of it: but when I came to London, I told how I found it.
For the Prisoner.


                  Richard
                   Lumley
               



            . I am a carpenter and joiner; the prisoner worked for me two years; he behaved very well while with me; he has been gone a twelve-month; I have known nothing of him since. I live in Bell Yard, Temple Bar.


                  William
                   Morris
               



            . I am a watch-maker. I have known him eight years; served his time to one Mr. Poole; he has been out of his time perhaps two or three years. I have known nothing of him since he was out of his time.


                  Ann
                   Dyer
               



            . I have known him five years; I lived next door to his mother in White's Alley, Chancery Lane. He worked with Mr. Lumley; he bore a good character. I have known nothing of him since.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
