





365. (M) 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH
                      LLEWELLIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk purse, value 6 d. 4 pieces of foreign gold coin called double louisdores, val. 8 l. 8 s. two single louisdores, 1 guinea and 14 pieces of foreign copper coin, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew
                      Decoff
                  




               
            , June 27th
. +
The prosecutor (a Russian) could not speak English, therefore an interpreter was sworn.


                  Andrew
                   Decoff
               



            . I met with the prisoner on the 27th of June, half after eleven at night in St. James's street, I took her with me into the Horseshoe and Last, there we drank two bottles of wine; I went out into the street; there familiarities passed between us; she all on a sudden run away in a great hurry, before my breeches were buttoned up; I found my money gone; I lost the money mentioned in the indictment. We had connection with each other standing under the porch which is next to our house; my breeches were down and she ran away in a great hurry. I had connections with this girl first, after that with an other, and after that with this again.
Q. Where was the other woman, when you went out with this woman?
Decoff. She was gone; I was twice with her first; I gave her 2 s. and then 1 s. 6 d. more; then I changed a guinea out of my purse. I had shewed my purse to the people I was in company with; the other woman came and informed me she could give intelligence were the woman was that robbed me; I got a warrant and she was taken up; I am sure she is the woman that was with me, and ran away in the manner mentioned.


                  David
                   Bynham
               



            . Upon the 30th of June I had a warrant against the prisoner; there was a well dressed woman undertook to shew me the prisoner; she carried me to her lodgings in Petty France; I said I had a warrant against her; she said she had done no harm to any body; I searched her; I found nothing material upon her; I took her from the room to the public house; I searched the house again and then found 14 pieces of copper coin in a little tin box upon the mantle piece in the room; the prisoner said she had had some pieces of such money as this in the room six months before.
- Clarke. I was along with Bynham the second time; I found these pieces of money (producing 14 pieces of foreign copper coin); the prisoner said she had them of a foreigner a long time ago.
Prosecutor. Some of the coin is Geneva, some French, I lost exactly 14 pieces; this piece (pointing it out) I am certain is mine.
Prisoner's Defence.
I met the prosecutor about ten at night; I drank a bottle of wine with him at the Horseshoe and Last; his fellow servant came up and asked him to drink; I went away and staid an hour and a half; I came back and met his fellow servant again; he asked me to go and drink a bottle of wine with him then; I went with him and he was there drinking the bottle of wine with this woman; his fellow servant asked him I believe if he was going to stay there; they were both of the same livery, I did not rob him; the girl and he went up the street together.
Interpreter. He is a valet-de-chambre
 to a Russian Prince.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
