





474. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      M'KAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eight gallons of the oil of turpentine, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Crutchfield
                  




               
            , May 20th
. *


                  John
                   Crutchfield
               



            . I am a colourman
 and live at Holborn-bridge


: the prisoner had been in my father's and my service six years and a half; my porter informed me that he saw the prisoner take some oil of turpentine out of a receiver as it came down from the still; the receiver holds perhaps three or four hundred weight.


                  John
                   Lewis
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Crutchfield; I have lived there about two years; the receiver stands in the distill house, I went in to lend them a hand; I saw the prisoner go to my master's warehouse and fetch a sack on his back, between two and three in the afternoon the latter end of May; he went with the sack to the still, turned a rundlet out of the sack, and filled it with spirits of turpentine, as full as it could hold, out of the receiver; he could hardly put the cork in; he called me and asked me to wet a piece of brown paper to put in the bung-hole; I refused, and said I believed it was not right, that he had better put it in the receiver again, and he told me to go about my business: I saw him carry it away out of the gate-way; he returned in about half an hour; I did not know whether he had any right to carry it away; I made enquiry, and when I found he had no right, which was a day or two after, I let my master know of it.


                  Thomas
                   Dorrington
               



            . I was at work at Mr. Crutchfield's in May, as a carpenter; I saw the prisoner with a sack on his back, and the shape of a rundlet in the sack, go out of the gate; it was about three or four in the afternoon.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never did such a thing in my life; I was discharged on the Saturday following.
Lewis. He was discharged before I informed my master of it.
Crutchfield. I discharged him for abusing me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
