






10. 11. (L.) 
               
                  
                     LEWIS
                      HUMPHRYS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     DUNCAN
                      HARDY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing 28 earthen jarrs, value 3 s. three wooden barrels, value 2 s. 800 lb. of raisins, value 15 l. and 100 lb. of almonds, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Corbin
                     



                  , the same being in a certain ship, called the Betsey
            , on the navigable river of Thames, Nov. 6. ++


                     John
                      Corbin
                  




               
            . I am master of the ship Betsey




; she lay off Cox's key. On the delivery of part of the cargo we found 20 jarrs of raisins, three barrels, and a hundred weight of almonds missing from the cargo, which had been shipped by the mate.


                  John
                   Howster
               



            . I am mate of the Betsey. On delivering the cargo, the goods mentioned in the indictment were missing; in consequence of an information received from Hunt, we took up the two prisoners on the 13th of November; I staid on board to see the cargo delivered; Hardy owned before my lord mayor, that he had a few raisins out of the ship, which he was going to carry to Hull. Humphreys did not own any thing, but said 
               
                  John
                   Hunt
               



            , the witness against him, had taken out more than he had.


                  John
                   Hunt
               



            . I belonged to this ship. I saw the two prisoners bringing out of the ship almonds, raisins, and lemons in bags; the bags were pretty large, but of different sizes; they gave them to one 
               
                  George
                   Welch
               



            , who carried them on shore. I saw Welch give them some money. How much I can't tell.


                  John
                   Butler
               



            . I am a merchant's watchman on the keys. While I was on duty I saw the prisoner come on shore several nights with bags, which might hold a hundred weight. I asked them one night what was in the bags; they gave me a shilling to let them pass. Another night; I saw them come on shore with a jarr of raisins; I told them they had better not carry them any farther, for the officers were further up, and they would lose them; they put the jars down till the officer was gone by, then they took it up again, and went on with it.
Q. So you suffered this man very quietly to bring those goods on shore, which, to make the best of it, you say you supposed to be smuggled?


                  John
                   Butler
               



            . It was not my business, I am a merchant's watchman.
Court. I hope the merchants will be acquainted with your conduct, that they may know what a trusty servant you are.
Humphrys's Defence.
I never carried any thing on shore but a small quantity of raisins, which I picked out of the hold: they were dropt out of the casks in the hold: there were about twelve or fourteen pound weight in the whole.
Hardy's Defence.
I had some fruit on board of my own.
Hewstall. The prisoners were allowed no private trade.
Both 


               guilty 39 s.
            




               T
            .
