





299. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      HUGHES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of copper shoe buckles, value 6 d. a clasp knife, value 2 d. a canvas bag, value 1 d. five guineas, a half guinea, and six shillings in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        George
                         Day
                     



                  , privately from the person of the said George
            , March the 2d
. *


                     George
                      Day
                  




               
            . On the second of March the prisoner met me in the street at Brentford


, and took me to the sign of the Royal Oak; I was a little in liquor; there we had some beer; then I went out to ease myself, and the prisoner came out and took me up; I bid him stop till I had done my breeches up, and I would go in with him; whether it was there then or no I cannot say, but I lost five guineas and a half, a pair of copper buckles and a knife; the next day I complained I had been robbed, and the prisoner confessed he had hid the money, some in one place and some in another; three guineas and a half, and one of the buckles were found; I was present at the finding of one of the guineas.
One of the buckles produced by Boone and deposed to by Day the prosecutor.


                  Christopher
                   Boone
               



            . I am a watchman belonging to the parish of New Brentford. At half after one o'clock in the morning of the third of March I found the prosecutor very much in liquor, leaning over some rails going into Brentford Butts; I saw a miller coming out of a house with a lanthorn; I asked him to help me to get him into the market-place; I put him into one of the pens where they sell pigs, and got a nail, and fastened the door that he should not fall out; when I went by the place at two o'clock I heard him snoring; afterwards I found he had got out and gone off; when I went home in the morning my wife informed me a man had been there, and charged me with taking five guineas and a half from him, and would not go out of town till he got satisfaction; I then went in search of him and found him, and asked him if he charged me with having his money; no he said, he could not charge me; he was very much obliged to me for my care of him; by his description I afterwards took the prisoner, and he voluntarily confessed that he took the money; the evidence went with me, and I found a guinea and a half hid in one place, and another man found a guinea in another place; he said he had given a guinea and half to his wife to take some things out of pawn; he said he had put the buckles down the gully hole in the town; I went to the gully hole, but could not see them; a little boy put his hand in and found one of them; it was shewn to the prosecutor and he said it was his; the prisoner said he had hid the knife in a bank, but when he went with me he could not find it; he could find the place where he hid the money fast enough.
Prisoner's Defence.
I picked up the money in the tap room where the old gentleman was drinking; Allum and I were drinking a pint of beer together; I gave him two guineas out of the four and a half, and we agreed to go and hide it left it should be owned.


                  John
                   Allum
               



             the accomplice was called by the desire of the prisoner.


                  John
                   Allum
               



            . The prisoner and I saw Day very drunk at Brentford; he tumbled into a grocer's shop, and broke a pane of glass; the prisoner went to get him away left he should break any more windows; getting him away he tumbled into the road; we picked him up left he should be run over; he tumbled down again, and the buckles fell out of his pocket; I took them up, and put them in my pocket; being wet and cold he desired us to lead him to the Royal Oak a publick house; we did, and there we had a pint of beer or two; he took out a guinea and paid for it the prisoner called me out to the door and said here is the old man's purse, here is three guineas in it; he gave me two and kept one himself.
Prisoner. He was there in the house when I picked the money up; I did not know whose money it was.
Allum. When we had got the money we went into the house again and sat drinking almost all night; the next morning we hid one guinea in a bank, the other by a chimney; by the desire of the prisoner I threw the buckles down the gully hole; one of them was afterwards found; the landlord where we lodged said, keep all close and it will be right enough.
Q. What is his name?
Allum. London.
Q. You did not keep your own council; you told where the money was hid?
Allum. Yes, I went with Boone, and shewed him where the money was.




               Guilty of stealing the goods, but not privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
