





438. (M.) 
               
                  Sarah, the wife
 of 
                     
                        Samuel
                         Radford
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing five linen gowns, value 25 s. one pair of green jumps, value 3 s. two check aprons, value 2 s. two pair of worstead stockings, value 2 s. one silk handkerchief, value 1 s. and two linen handkerchiefs, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter
                      Sowthey
                  




               
            , March 15
. +


                  Dorothy
                   Sowthey
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Peter
                   Sowthey
               



            ; the prisoner lodged at my house; she was servant
 to a captain and his wife who lodged there; they went away about the 15th of March, the prisoner went with them, to another lodging; when she went away I missed several things; upon missing the things I enquired where the captain and his lady were gone to live; I was directed to Mr. Duncan's, in Hanover-yard. I went there; she had been gone about three days. I went again, and Mrs. Duncan said she had been there and left two bundles. I went there several times; at last I met her at Mr. Duncan's; I asked her how she could be so ungrateful to rob me; she told me she hoped I would forgive her, she was sorry for it; and if ever she got into place she would pay me again. I desired her to go to shew me where the rest of her things were; I went with her to one Mr. Powell's, a pawnbroker, in Oxford-road; there I found two gowns; (the things produced in court,) I can swear to the gowns; she pledged the two gowns at Mr. Powell's.


                  James
                   Malcastle
               



            . I am servant to the pawnbroker; I do not know the prisoner; I never saw her there; these things were pawned at our house.


                  Ann
                   Mildman
               



            . I was present at that time; Mr. Sowthey was there; she told me she had pawned them there for one Mr. Eustace for 4 s. 6 d.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had these things of Mrs. Eustace; I understood them to be hers; she desired me to take them and pledge them, which I did; the two gowns were very indifferent things I had only 4 s. 6 d. for them; the other two bundles were delivered to me by the prosecutor's daughter.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
