





212. (M.) 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Lawrence
                            Sawtill
                        




                     
                  , on the 15th of December
, about the hour of eight in the night, and stealing six mens hats, value 20 s. the property of the said Lawrence, in his dwelling house
            . ++


                  Lawrence
                   Sawtill
               



            . I am a hatter
, and live in Holborn


. On the 15th of December I lost six hats out of my shop; they were taken from the window; I saw them in the evening about five or six o'clock; between seven and eight I heard a sudden noise at the window; I went out but saw no person, and I immediately missed the hats; I found three of them again; one was left with Mr. Weal; one at Mrs. Doharty's, and one at a pawnbroker's.


                  Richard
                   Weal
               



            . I am a hat-maker. On the 15th of December there were two hats brought to my house; I was not in the way; I delivered them to the prisoner again the next day, and he brought another that I stopped. (The hats produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Mrs. Doharty. Two men came to my house to lodge; they lodged two nights with me; the third night they gave me three hats to put by for them. I delivered the hats to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's men; I put my mark on them; I believe they are the same. I believe it was the other man that was with the prisoner that gave me the hats.
Prisoner's Defence.
I met 
               
                  William
                   Wright
               



             in Holborn, and he gave me the hats, and desired me to get linings put in them; I carried two, and the next day I carried the third, and Mr. Weal stopped me and the hat; they took Wright and let him go again.
Weal. I took him , but as there was no charge against him he was discharged; the prisoner did not charge him then, but said the hats belonged to one 
               
                  William
                   Smith
               



            , who was formerly a master hatter, but is now confined for debt.
For the Prisoner.


                  Jane
                   Washburn
               



            . I have known the prisoner some years; he bears a good character: he was bred a farmer; he came to London about two years ago to get into any employment he could.




               Guilty of stealing the hats, but not of the burglary
            . 


               T
            .
