





399. (L.) 
               
                  
                     EDWARD
                      HITCHCOCK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a piece of printed cotton cloth, containing seven yards, value twenty-eight shillings, and three yards of linen cloth. value three shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Pitt
                  




               
            , May 6th
 ++.
The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.


                  John
                   Pitt
               



            . On Saturday the 6th of last month my apprentice went up stairs, he called out to me and said there was a thief above; I bid him come down and fasten the door, then we went up and found the prisoner concealed in a necessary we have up three pair of stairs, we found the printed cotton which was for a gown for my wife, three yards of cloth and a scarlet cloak, packed up in a bundle in the three pair of stairs room.


                  John
                   Short
               



            . I am an apprentice to the prosecutor. On the 6th of last month I was going up into the garret, just as I got to the third pair of stairs, I saw both the sore room and back room door open, they are always kept locked, that gave me a suspicion, I went into the fore-room and saw the printed cotton and the linen cloth and scarlet cloak on the ground in a black silk handkerchief; I was turning to come down, and saw the prisoner up the other pair of stairs in the necessary, I called to my master and said there was a thief in the house, then I went down stairs and fastened the door, and then we went up and took him; he was come down to the two pair of stairs, we sent for a constable who secured him and found a cannister with some tinder in it, and a flint upon him.



                  Daniel
                   Ward
               



             the constable produced the things.
Mrs. Pitt. I am the wife of the prosecutor, my things were in the bottom drawer, I locked the room door, the key of the drawers was in the drawer, I was not at home when the things were taken away.
The prisoner in his defence said he went into the house to enquire for a person who he was informed lived there.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
