





184. (M.) 
               
                  
                     DENNIS
                      SULLIVAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cane with a gold head, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Clark
                  




               
            , Dec. 13
. ++


                  John
                   Gaul
               



            . I was in company with Mr. Clarke, on Sunday the 13th of December, as we were walking in King-street, Soho


, we were set upon by a great number of people; we were greatly hurt and bruised, and Mr. Clark lost a gold headed cane. (The upper part of the cane with the head produced.)
Gaul. I believe this to be Mr. Clark's; it has his cypher E. C.
Frances Solomon. The prisoner brought the head of a cane about five weeks ago to me; I stopt it and applied to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            .


                  Stephen
                   Stratford
               



            . I was passing along King-street, Soho, about nine o'clock on the 13th of December; there was a fray; I saw the prisoner knock Mr. Clark down; it was near a lamp, and I am positive the prisoner was the man.


                  John
                   Thompson
               



            . I engraved this cypher upon this head for Mr. Allen.
- Allen. I sold this head to Mr. Clark; the last witness engraved Mr. Clark's cypher on it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found both parts of the cane broke in the street.


                  James
                   Bryan
               



            . I went to the Bull's-head in King-street, about Sunday five weeks; I saw the prisoner there; we drank two pots of beer together; we did not go out of the house till ten or eleven o'clock; I was going to my lodgings in St. Giles's; as the prisoner and I had got about thirty yards in King-street, he took up a piece of a broken cane with a head to it. I cannot say whether this is it or not.


                  James
                   Barry
               



            . I came from a public house in King-street; I was going to my lodgings in Newton's-lane; I saw the prisoner take up part of a broken cane.


                  Walter
                   Williams
               



            . I live in Dean-street, Soho; I saw Mr. Clark and another gentleman in the Round-house; they were taken there being charged by 
               
                  James
                   Jarvis
               



             with committing an assault upon him.


                  James
                   Jarvis
               



            . Mr. Gaul knocked me down with a cane without my giving him any kind of provocation.


                  Charles
                   Emery
               



            . I saw this scuffle; I was standing at the door of the Bull's-head; I am positive the prisoner was all this time at the Bull's-head.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
