







328, 329, 330. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel
                      Bailey
                  , otherwise 
Bailiss




            , 
               
                  
                     John
                      Murphy
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Robert
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas
                            Stevenson
                        



                     
                   on the 20th of April
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing 300 yards of linen cloth, value 60 l. thirty yards of long lawn, value 5 l. fifty linen handkerchiefs, value 10 l. and one cloth coat, value 3 s. the property of the said Thomas in his dwelling house, and one laced hat, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel
                            Stevenson
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Stevenson
                     



. ++
(The witnesses were examined apart, at the request of the prisoners.)


                  Thomas
                   Stevenson
               



            . I live in King-street, Golden-square


. I am a linen draper
. My house was broke open on Saturday the 20th of April; we did not know any thing was the matter till Saturday morning, about 5 o'clock, a gentleman alarmed us: when I got up, I found my parlour door broke open, the box of the lock was broke off, and I missed a great many things out of the parlour, and a great many linens out of the shop.
Q. Was there any marks of violence in the shop?
Stevenson. No, none at all. I missed some long lawns, some Scotch lawns, and printed handkerchiefs. The next day I went into the kitchen, I saw the outside window shutter had been forced, the bolt was broke off, the sash could then be lifted up; the kitchen was bolted on the outside: there was a window that had a glass casement that was broke, so that I supposed somebody got through that hole into a back place, where I keep coals; then they got into the house, and unbolted the kitchen door, which was bolted on the outside. I know nothing of the prisoners. I went to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, and gave information of the robbery; on the Monday following I was sent for to Sir John's, where I saw a parcel of my goods. I examined them, and found my marks on them: here is the account of them ( reads a paper, containing the things mentioned in the indictment) the gold laced hat is my son's.
Q. Are you able to say that the goods you found at Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fieldin
               



             g's were stolen out of your house that night it was broke open?
Stevenson. Yes; I missed them.
Q. Were any of them in the same quantities which you lost?
Stevenson. I can't be certain as to that. I saw my marks upon them.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did you see the state of the house the night before?
Stevenson. No.
Q. How big might the hole be you speak of?
Stevenson. It had been a square glass, but it had been broke, as my people said, by the cats, and my people had pasted paper over it.
Q. Was there room enough to admit a man through it?
Stevenson. A flight man might, I think.
Q. from Ibbert. Don't you know me?
Stevenson. Yes; I know Ibbert. I thought he was a sober honest lad; his mother is an honest woman. I know nothing of him lately; he has been at my house.


                  Samuel
                   Jameson
               



            . I am a barber. 
               
                  Charles
                   Ibbert
               



             and myself, and Bailiss, were drinking at the Shepherd and Goat, at Fleet Ditch, between twelve and one o'clock; we went from there to the Coach and Horses, outside Temple Bar, there we sat and drank four or five half pints of rum; we went from there about half after two, towards Leicester Fields; then we went down a street, at the bottom of it Ibbert bid me stop, opposite the watchman's box, accordingly I sat down just opposite the watchman's box, and went to sleep; Ibbert ran to me, and asked me what I was about; I asked him where Bailiss was; Bailiss, said he, why you are in a trance; mind what you are about, says he, and if the watchman comes, whistle: he went away, and I sat down and went to sleep again: in about half an hour the watchman came up, I seeing him ran home directly, and went to bed; I waked about eight in the morning, and found the goods upon a chest, I had left the door open. I put them into the chest, and locked it. I spoke to Murphy, and told him I should be obliged to him to find any body to buy the goods; he asked me, if they were stolen; I did not tell him whether they were or not; I said he need not be afraid, nothing should hurt him; he said he knew one or two which could buy them of me. I appointed to meet him at the Swan in Salisbury Court; accordingly he brought a Jew and another man there, and went up with Bailiss to look at the things, Bailiss came along with the Jew; they went to my lodgings, at a court in Fleet-street, the Hole in the Wall Court; I was drinking at the Swan door at the same time. Mr. Phillips and some other constables came in. Ibbert said, we had better go off; I am afraid there is something the matter.
Q. Who did Ibbert come with?
Jameson. With me.
Q. Was Ibbert with Murphy when you spoke about selling them?
Jameson. No; I met him at the Shepherd and Goat next day; he was at the Swan with me several times; Ibbert staid at the Swan with me, he came in about half an hour after I was there; he and I went off, when he said he was afraid something was the matter; we went opposite the court where my lodgings were; we staid there, and saw the constable go up and bring down Bailiss and Murphy; we followed the constable to Sir John Fielding's as we were coming back again we met the constables; they took Ibberts, and I made off; next morning Phillips took hold of me, and carried me before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            .
Q. Was this the story you told before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            ?
Jameson. I cannot say, I was in liquor then.
Q. Was you never sober before him; how many times was you examined?
Jameson. Twice.
Q. Was you drunk both times?

Jameson. I was fully committed, not an evidence then; I was made an evidence afterwards.
Q. I suppose you say this to account for not telling the same story now that you did then?
Jameson. I do not know what I said then.
Q. What business had Bailiss and Ibbert to see the linen; what had they to do with them?
Jameson. To see if they could get somebody to buy them.
Q. What had they to do with them; how came the linens in your room?
Jameson. I do not know, I was asleep; I am apt to think Bailiss and Ibbert brought them.
Q. What are your reasons for thinking so?
Jameson. Because we were all out together.
Q. For what purpose?
Jameson. With an intent to break open a house.
Q. Was there any agreement what was to be done with the goods if you got any thing; where were they to be brought?
Jameson. To my lodging.
Q. Murphey was not with you at this time?
Jameson. No.
Q. They were brought to your lodging then?
Jameson. Yes.
Q. What time the next morning did you see Murphey?
Jameson. About ten o'clock.
Q. Did you see either Ibbert or Bailiss before you saw him?
Jameson. Yes; about half an hour after nine I saw Ibbert.
Q. What was Ibbert's business?
Jameson. To see and get the goods off; he asked me if I could tell who would buy them; I said I would speak to Murphey.
Q. Was this the first time you had been concerned?
Jameson. No, once before.
Q. You did not know who was to buy the goods?
Jameson. No.
Q. When did you see Murphey?
Jameson. Next day, at a slop-shop in Fleet-street.
Q. Did not you ask Ibbert how they got at them?
Jameson. I asked what they had got: they said a quantity of linen; I told him I did not untie them, but put them in the chest just as they were brought; he asked me to get somebody to buy them.
Q. Did you ask him where or how he got them?
Jameson. I had not time then; Ibbert fell a swearing at me for running away and leaving them.
Q. Who was to have the money they were to be sold for?
Jameson. Ibbert and myself.
Q. What were you two to divide all the money?
Jameson. Yes.
Q. Was nobody else to have any share in it?
Jameson. No.
Q. Not Bailiss?
Jameson. No; he said Bailiss had nothing to do with the robbery; and if it lay in his power he would not allow him a halfpenny.
Q. When did you see Bailiss.
Jameson. About twelve o'clock at the Swan.
Q. Not see him; you mean till he, Murphy, and the Jew came there.
Jameson. I saw him at the Swan before that.
Q. What passed between you and Bailiss then?
Jameson. Nothing about the goods.
Q. Did not you tell him you had seen Murphey?
Jameson. No; he had a person with him; he gave me the wink to say nothing.
Q. When you all met at the Swan you say the Jew and Murphy went to see the linen?
Jameson. Yes.
Q. How came Bailiss to go?
Jameson. I desired him to see me done justice to. They were taken up and carried to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's.
Q. Surely you did not tell this story to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            , did you?
Jameson. I do not know what I said.
Q. Do you mean to say Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             took your examination when you was drunk?
Jameson. I can't say.


                  Samuel
                   Aaron
               



            . On Saturday morning, the twentieth of April, I saw a young man I took for 
               
                  Robert
                   King
               



            . Mr. Wood gave me orders to take him in Chancery Lane. I met 
               
                  Charles
                   Ibbert
               



             and Murphy; this was after five in the morning. Three of them came up and almost frightened me. I cannot swear to Bailiss. I can to Ibbert and Murphy. Some of them asked me if I would help them to carry the bundles. I went directly to Mr. Wood, and told him I had met these fellows with three large bundles upon their head. It was at Breams-buildings, Chancery-lane, that I met them. I told Wood of it, and told him I believed it was Bailiss. I bid him go to his house; he said he did know where he lived. I met Ibbert again in the afternoon. I said, Charles, how do you do? have you sold the goods? he said, Will you buy them? I said, How much will it come to? do you think twenty pounds? he said he did not know, he would speak to the rest of the company. I mentioned Jameson and Murphy.
Q. Did you mention any body else.
Aaron. No. I went by appointment to the White Swan. I met 
               
                  Charles
                   Ibberts
               



             and Bailiss at a different table. I asked to see the goods; they said Murphy had the key. He was not there. I was to see them on Monday afternoon. I waited from two till four. All three of them were together. They said they wanted to see another. I asked who that was; they said Bailiss. I asked them to shew me the way: Murphy and Bailiss went with me, I bid a porter watch to see what house I went into, and then send to Phillips, Wood, and the rest, to take them. They had an inventory of so many yards of different linens; they were some in a bundle under the bed; some in a pillow, and some in a trunk. I took another man along with me, 
               
                  John
                   Bamford
               



            , to show them some money, because they would not let me see the goods without I showed them the money.
Q. What said Bailiss?
Aaron. He did not say a word. They left it all to me, to make what agreement I liked.
Cross Examination.
Q. When you came into the Swan on Sunday, they were sitting at different tables, Bailiss and Ibberts?
Aaron. Yes.
Q. Did they join company at supper?
Aaron. They supped separate.
Q. When did Bailiss come to you to talk about these goods?
Aaron. Never at all about them.
Q. Did you hear the other speak about the goods?
Aaron. Charles did. I asked if there was any plate; he mentioned several things, two table spoons, six tea-spoons, a pair of tea-tongs, a silver waiter, a silver salt, a silver milk-pot, and a pair of salts. I asked what was become of them; he said he did not know whether they were sold or no. I never saw them.
Q. to the prosecutor. Did you lose such plate?
Prosecutor. Yes; the very plate he has mentioned:


                  Michael
                   Wood
               



            . On Saturday morning, the twentieth of April, this Jew came and called me out of bed, and told me that he met Bailiss and some more with as much goods upon their backs as they could carry. He said, Bailiss asked him to give him a lift; but he said, No; God bless him with his burden. On Monday Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



             sent three men with us; we went to the Ship the bottom of Salisbury Court; Aaron was to meet them at the White Swan; we waited for Mr. Kirkshaw. I bid him get a man to trust him with some money; he called a man in; he laid him down eighteen guineas, and bid him go with him; and gave him a bit of paper. I said, do not offer to buy any thing, but shew the money, and I will follow you. I sent a ticket porter with a knot to watch them. He came in about a quarter of an hour, and said he had found out the place; it was at the Hole in the Wall Court. I went up into the house as softly as I could; I went up into the room, and knocked at the door. As soon as I came in, I saw 
               
                  John
                   Bailiss
               



            , Murphy and the Jew, and the other person that Mr. Kirkshaw sent: there was a vast quantity of linen and things. The porter came in, and then Phillips the constable.
Q. Had you known Bailiss?
Wood. Yes; these two or three years.
Q. What was his way of life?
Wood. I thought a good way; I thought him a lawyer's clerk. As for Murphy I do not know I ever saw him before. Then Phillips said, go to the White Swan, and see if there are not two men; I went down with Kirkshaw, and there were none but that lad there with a pot of beer before him; we took him to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's. (The goods produced.)


                  John
                   Bamford
               



            . On Monday the twenty-second of April, between four and five o'clock, Mr. Kirshaw bid me go with a Jew, under pretence to buy some goods. He bid me shew them the money but not let them have any of it. I went with the Jew to the Sam in Salisbury court; there he brought for Bailiss and Murphy; I staid in the street for them; we walked up Fleet street, till we came to the Hole in the Wall; there we lost them; presently Murphy beckoned us into a court; we went up stairs; there Murphy unlocked a large box, and turned out three bundles of linen, the box was behind the door on the right hand, there was flowered cotton handkerchiefs, &c. they took two bundles from under the bed; there were two large pieces of linen; the Jew said he did not know what they were, but they would lump them; I cast them up, they came to thirty-one guineas; Bailiss said he thought they would come to a great deal more. I put my hand in my pocket and pulled out some money, and then a bank note, and put it in my pocket again; I said I could go and get more money, if one or two hundred pounds, I could get it. I said we would not do business there, but would go and have some punch; we were going, then these people came up and took them.
Q. Did Bailiss say nothing more?
Bamford. No; he only said he thought they were worth a good deal more.
Cross Examination.
Q. Then Murphy was the man that opened the box and produced the linen?
Bamford. Yes.
Q. He was the man that talked about selling the goods, and Bailiss said nothing but when they were talking about thirty one-pound, he thought they were worth more?
Bamford. Nothing more that I remember.


                  John
                   Jennings
               



            . There was a hair trunk that is in Court, in the room, Murphy was standing by it. I said give me the key, he did. I unlocked the trunk and saw it full of linen. I locked it again and carried it to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            .


                  Mary
                   Slater
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Stevenson. I was the first up, upon the alarm of the doors being broke open. When I came down I found the street door wide open.
Q. Did you observe the kitchen window?
Slater. One was wide open. I fastened it over night myself, the bolt were wrenched open; the kitchen door was bolted inside, when I went to bed, I found it open.
Q. Did you take notice whether the hole that lets light into the coal shed from the kitchen, was in the state you left it?
Slater. That window was broke open, the window was pulled out.
Q. What time in the morning was it when you got up?
Slater. A little after five.
Q. It had been day light a good while had it not?
Slater. Yes.
Prosecutor. I can swear to all of the things produced; they have all my marks, except the great coat and hat which are my son's.


                  Percival
                   Philips
               



            . I saw Bailiss in the morning at the picture shop in Fleet-street. I did not offer to meddle with him, we spoke to each other. I was much surprized to see him in the room, as I never heard any thing amiss of him; he and Murphy both stood up against the side of the chimney. I asked what cloth they had there. Upon the bed I found this pistol (producing it) in a handkerchief, and a gold laced hat with it. I was informed the lodgings belonged to Murphy and Ibberts.
Bailiss's Defence.
Upon Monday the twenty second of April I think, I went to Westminster-hall, in order to attend a trial for my master Mr. How, to oppose the discharge of one Web a prisoner in Newgate, who was about to receive the benefit of the insolvent act; my lord Mayor was brought up that day in order to be admitted to bail, which occasioned me to stay there till about four in the afternoon, after that I came away with the plantiff in the action to Salisbury Court. I said to him I wish you would call upon Mr. How, and tell him I was obliged to stay so long. I went to the Swan to dinner, there I met Murphy, whom I knew when in his clerkship; he asked me to go to his lodgings to see the delivery of some goods, which he said were run goods. I went up into the room, the Jew was standing there, he said where are these goods, Murphy said here they are. I thought it proper to bring a friend with me to see the delivery of them; they began to talk about the price, they asked me my opinion, I said these goods are worth a great deal more if they are honestly come by. I had not been there long before up came the constables. Mr. Wood said to me how came you here. I told him the story. I never was there before. I have had the best of education. I have been bred up to the law. I have been in London about five years. I have always been in place, and kept the best of company, and avoided bad, as far as lay in my power. I have several gentlemen in court to prove it. I hope the court will consider it where my life is at stake. I am as innocent of the fact as any person can be.
To Bailiss's Character.


                  William
                   Cherry
               



            . I am a weaver, I was plantiff against one Webb. I was on the twenty second of February last with Bailiss, who is clerk to Mr. How upon that business. I went with him about nine in the morning, from Mr. How's, his masters house; we finished the business about three o'clock. I left Mr. Bailiss about four. I parted with him in Fleet street.
Q. Do you know whereabouts?
Cherry. Some where about the Hole in the Wll.
Q. Did you go into any house with him?
Cherry. No; not near that place; he desired me to go to his master's and acquaint him that he was going to get a bit of victuals and would come back directly. I called upon Mr. How and told him so.


                  Jane
                   Davis
               



            . I live at the house these things were found in; Murphy and Jameson lodged with me.
Q. Did you ever see Bailiss in that room?
Davis. I never saw him there before that time.
Q. Was you pretty much at home?
Davis. Always, almost, I have a little family; they have lodged there three weeks.
Q. Do you know what time they came home on Friday night?
Davis. Not at all that night.
Mr. How. Bailiss is my clerk, he come on the twenty second, about a quarter before nine, I saw him myself, and ordered him to go to Westminster to oppose the discharge of a man now in Newgate.
Court. The question they ask you is what time he came the Saturday preceding?
How. About ten minutes after nine on Saturday morning.
Q. And was capable of attending to his bu siness?
How. Yes.
Q. He did not look as if he had sat up all night or any thing of that sort?
How. No.
Q. How long has he been with you?
How. He has been with me upwards of two years, and I have trusted him with many pounds; he behaved very well, he was a good clerk I should have no objection to trust him again.
- Davis. I live on Addle-hill, Doctors Commons. I am a hat and cloak maker, he lived with me, we had two rooms, he had one and I the other.
Q. Did you know any thing of him upon Friday the twenty third of April?
Davis. He supped with me between nine and ten o'clock.
Q. Was he drunk or sober that night?
Davis. Quite sober, he went to bed about eleven, and went out in the morning about nine.


                  David
                   Cope
               



            . I am a weaver. I live in Chiswel-street. I have known Bailiss three or four years, he behaved very well, he has a good character, he has been trusted in my house and had the key. I never saw any thing dishonest by him.
- Cope. I am wife of the last witness, he always behaved very well, he had always a good character.


                  Charles
                   Denoe
               



            . I am a victualler. I have known Bailiss four years; he has a good character; he dined almost every day with me for two years.


                  Mary
                   Bates
               



            . I live at Laytonstone, Essex. I have known him two years; he has a very good character.


                  William
                   Behor
               



            . I have known him four years he has a good character.


                  John
                   Walbank
               



            . I have known him two years, he has a good character.


                  Stephen
                   Henry
               



            . I live in Clerkenwell. I have known him five years; he is a sober diligent honest young man.


                  Daniel
                   Stafford
               



            . I have known him four years; he has a good character.

Murphy's Defence.
I am quite innocent. I went to bed about eleven o'clock upon Friday night, next morning 
               
                  Samuel
                   Jameson
               



             came home very much in liquor. I got up about nine o'clock and went to breakfast. I left him a bed, he said he expected some run goods and asked me to get him a customer. I said, I would see what I could do. I went to meet him at the saloop shop. I told him I would see what I could do for him. I was coming through Fleet-street about four o'clock and met Mr. Bailiss, I desired him to go with me, as I was afraid, left Jameson should have any dispute about them; as 
               
                  Sam.
                   Jameson
               



             was not there. I waited at the Swan sometime, he came in afterwards; he went with me, and Jameson staid at the door, he said they were his goods. I shewed them to the man, we had not been there above ten minutes before Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's men came up. I understood that Jameson had spoke to the Jew himself about them. I live with my father, he is a writer; my friends were here at five o'clock, they are gone now.
Ibbert's Defence.
I am quite innocent of the things laid to my charge. I never saw this Jameson till I saw him at Sir 
               
                  John
                   Fielding
               



            's, when he accused me of this. I am a harpsichord maker
.
To Ibbert's Character.


                  John
                   Goose
               



            . I am a waterman. I have known Ibbert's from a child; he is an apprentice to a harpsichord maker; I never heard any thing amiss of him before this. I have known his mother a great many years.


                  George
                   Harrold
               



            . I have known him ever since he was a child.
Q. Where is his master?
Harrold. I don't know him.


                  Stephen
                   Kendal
               



            . I have known him from a child; I never saw any thing amiss of him; his mother and aunt told me his master much approved of him.
Ibbert. My master is in the country.


                  John
                   Whitridge
               



            . I live at Islip. I have heard a good character of him from his mother.


                  John
                   Kirby
               



            . I live at Islip. I have known him from a child. I never heard any thing amiss of him before this.
All three 


               Guilty of Felony only
            , 




               T
            .
