





631. (2d M.) 
               
                  
                     JOHN
                      TWANMY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he in the king's highway, on

                           William
                            Miles
                        



                     
                  , did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person a bundle of printed papers, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Keirnan
                  



               
            , Sept. 28
. +


                  William
                   Miles
               



            . I am between seventeen and eighteen years old. About nine o'clock in the evening of the 28th of September last, I was returning from Charing-cross, where I had been to send a parcel of printed papers for my master by the stage coach to Tunbridge, which they would not take in without my paying twopence, and which I had not got to pay. On my return in Duke-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields


, a soldier came up to me, and put his hand upon the bundle, and said, what have you got here? I said I have nothing, only a few printed papers; he said he must have them; I said he should not; he said he would, and took hold of the parcel with both his hands; he pulled and I pulled, but he pulling too tight I let them go; upon which the man ran away with them; he used an oath when he said he must have them; I cannot remember what the oath was; he ran into Lincoln's-inn-fields, and up the side of the fields towards Queen-street; I saw him just turn the corner; then I ran and cried stop thief! I saw him about thirty yards before me; when I came to that corner, he was stopped by one Paterson, who was at the upper end of the field with some chairs upon his back. He was dressed in white breeches, a white waistcoat, and a scarlet coat: it was a darkish night, nevertheless I saw his face, so that I know his face; I saw no other person with a scarlet coat on; I saw his face distinctly; I know him to be the man.


                  Charles
                   Keirnan
               



            . The former witness is my servant; I sent him with a parcel of papers to the Golden Cross, at Charing Cross; that bundle produced is the bundle I sent; I know it particularly by the direction; it was wrote by one of my servants whose hand writing I am acquainted with.


                  Thomas
                   Paterson
               



            . About half after nine at night, the 28th of September, I was coming from Queen-street with some chairs upon my back; I heard a cry of stop thief! I put down the chairs and saw a man in a soldier's dress running towards me; about ten yards before he came to me he threw away the bundle; I stopped him; he had a red coat and white waistcoat on; (looks at the prisoner); I am sure he is the man I took. There was a gentleman that I desired to take up the bundle, which he did, and delivered to me; I have had it ever since; this is it; (producing it); the boy immediately came up.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not take the bundle; I was coming from Westminster, and seeing other people run I ran with them.




               Guilty of stealing the goods but not of the robbery
            . 


               T
            .
