





353. (L.) 
               
                  Sarah, wife
 of 
                     
                        William
                         Moss
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing three pair of worsted stocking knit breeches, lined with leather, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Samuel and 
                       
                           
                              William
                               Lloyd
                           







            , May 19. +
Wil. Lloyd, I and my brother Samuel are partners

, we keep a slop shop

, and live in Lower Thames-street


. The things mentioned in the indictment we did not miss; they were stopped by 
               
                  Ann
                   Perry
               



            , on suspicion of being stolen. The prisoner had made them for us of our materials, and brought them home, and we had paid her. This was last Friday sevenight, and we not observing her, she took them away with her. Mrs. Perry sent for us the same day; there I found them. (Produced and deposed to.)


                  Ann
                   Perry
               



            . I live in Rosemary-lane, and keep a clothes-shop. One 
               
                  Catherine
                   Brian
               



             brought these breeches to me to sell. I knowing there had been other things brought before, I said she must stay till I sent for a person to see if they knew the things, saying, I believed they were not her property. She said, they were not her own, and if I would give her leave, she would go and fetch the woman that sent her, she was near at hand. I suspected them to be Mr. Lloyd's. She sent a little girl for the prisoner, who came before Mr. Lloyd did. I asked her if these were her property? She said, they were. I said, I am afraid not; do you know Mr. Lloyd? She said, Yes. - Do you work for him? - Yes - Are they not his goods? She made no answer. I bid her sit down; Mr. Lloyd came in, and asked her how she came to offer his goods to sale? He told them both he would transport them. The prisoner said the other was ignorant of their being stolen. Then she owned to the taking of them after she had been paid for making them; that she took them off the counter, and brought them away.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
