





619. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      Knot
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a watch, the inside case made of gold, the outside of dogskin, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Savage
                  




               
            , July 2
. ++


                  William
                   Savage
               



            . I am a tea dealer
 and live in Church-street, Soho


. I lost my watch from my bed's hend the 2d of July. I advertised it; I heard of it in about twelve days. I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  Matthew
                   Clarke
               



            . I am a pawn-broker, and live in Holborn. I stopt this watch about two months ago; I cannot tell the day of the month exactly, it was about nine o'clock at night; the prisoner offered to pawn it; he wanted a guinea and a half upon it. I asked him if it was gold or metal; he said metal. I tried it, and found it was gold. I asked him where he bought it; he said he did not buy it, but won it at a raffle. I told him I should stop the watch till I found the person he won it of; he said he would bring the person in an hour and a half. He did not come again. The next day I advertised it. The prisoner said his name was Brown, and that he lived in a court, in Castle street. I went and enquired for a person of that name, on describing his person at an alehouse, they said they was sure it was 
               
                  John
                   Knott
               



            . One of Sir John Fielding's men came to me, and said they believed the man was in custody; I went to Sir John's and saw the prisoner; he is the man. (The watch produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I am really not the person; my friends are not here.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
