






49. 50. (M.) 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS
                      GIDDY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS
                      PHILLIPS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George
                         Franklin
                     



                  , on the 6th of November, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing one pair of lawn ruffles, one tea chest with two tin cannisters, a stript lawn apron, one stript jam, one silk and muslin handkerchief, four linen shirts, one petticoat, and sixteen shillings and six-pence in money, number'd, the property of 
                     
                        George
                         Franklin
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            . ++


                  Mary
                   Franklin
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  
                     George
                      Franklin
                  




               
            ; we live in Virginia-street, Ratcliff Highway


. Our house was broke open the 6th of November
 at night; before I went to-bed I fastened the windows and doors; in the morning the nurse told me the house was broke open: the window-shutters were broke open and shut too again; the drawers were broke open, and my cloaths were taken out of a tea-chest, and 16 s. 6 d. in money; there was a chissel left in the room; I lost all the things in the indictment; the money was taken from the top long drawer in the chest of drawers that was in the parlour.
Q. Did you take any notice of the windows or doors?
Franklin. There is the mark of a chissel in the window shutter now; a pane of glass in the window was broke; the shutters were on the outside; they were wrenched open with this chissel; I believe the bolt was taken off, it was there over night. I know nothing of the prisoners; I did not see them.


                  Margaret
                   Butleys
               



            . I was in the house with Mrs. Franklin; I was first up; I got up about seven o'clock, and I went to the parlour about eight; when I went; I found the room broke open; the window shutter was broke open, and the bolt taken off; there was a chissel on the chair; the drawers were broke open: I never saw the prisoners before.
Edward Hall. I belong to Mr. Sherwood. I took Phillips the 11th of November; I took this Shirt off his back. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Prosecutrix. This shirt was among the things that were lost that night.


                  William
                   Marshall
               



            . I belong to Mr. Harris, who keeps a codsmack at Barking; I know the prisoners by sight; Phillips and I, and 
               
                  David
                   Banks
               



            , were at the breaking open of the house; Giddy was not there; it was about a week before we were taken; we had each of us a chissel; we broke open the shutter; then we broke a pane of glass, took the pane out; then we opened the window, and got in; I took some linen out; Banks broke open the drawer, and got some money out, and he checked us out of it; I am eighteen years old; I told what came to my share to 
               
                  Mary
                   Farrell
               



            ; it was a pillowbier, a jam, a napkin, and a cap or two; 
               
                  Mary
                   Farrell
               



             died in gaol; there was a shirt came out of the house; Phillips put it on at Saltpetre-bank.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with these lads?
Marshall. About two months.
Q. Did you never charge Giddy with this?
Marshall. No, he was not there; we met him afterwards, and he shewed us to his house to carry his things.
Q. Did you never tell the Justice that Giddy was in the robbery?
Marshall. No.
Q. Do you know what you signed before the Justice; was what you signed true?
Marshall. Yes.
Q. Was Giddy concerned in the robbery?
Marshall. No.


                  Samuel
                   Randall
               



            . I was at the taking of Phillips along with Mr. Hall. (The linen produced.) This was found in Farrell's house by Smith.
Q. to the Evidence. Where did you get these things?
Randall. Out of the drawers.
Phillip's Defence.
I bought that shirt of a woman in Rag-fair, and gave two shillings for it; I am sixteen years of age: I am a cabinet-maker
 by trade.
Giddy 

               acquitted
            .
Phillips 


               guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
