






98, 99. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James
                      Harris
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Daniel
                      Trigg
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Adam
                      Wright
                  




               
            , Jan. 8
. +


                  William
                   Pain
               



            . The little boy
 that had his pocket picked, is named 
               
                  Adam
                   Wright
               



            ; he is gone to the boarding-school. On the 8th instant, at the time the fire was in Pater-noster-row, I saw, I believe, a dozen of these little pilfering boys, among the people. I kept my eye upon them. They went from the Pater-noster-row to Newgate-street, and back again. They met this little boy, named Wright; one of them, seemingly out of kindness, took him by the hand to lead him, to shew him the fire, while the rest of the gang picked his pocket, just at the end of Pater-noster-row


. The little boy

 was foremost, pushed on by the others; the flap of his pocket was in so. that his handkerchief was visible. Trigg pushed Harris on to take the handkerchief; he took it out: as soon as that was done, he that had the lad by the hand, ran away. Harris turned about and delivered the handkerchief to Trigg; then I believe Trigg saw me, and I believe he knew me; he immediately gave it back again to Harris. Then I took hold of them both with my right hand, they were so close together, and I took the handkerchief from Harris. and carried them to Guild-hall, before Alderman Trecothick. I think Harris said he was but eleven years of age. I found four handkerchiefs upon him.
Harris's Defence.
I am not quite eleven years old.
Trigg's Defence.
I never took a handkerchief out of any body's pocket. We were standing to see the engine play, and Pain came and took hold of us.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
