






(M) 682. SARAH, the wife
 of 
               
                  JOHN
                   BARGO
               



            , and 
               
                  SUSANAH
                   CLARKE
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing a silk gown, value ten shillings, and a white counterpane, value fifteen shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      Devis
                  




               
            , December 22
.


                  John
                   Devis
               



            . I am an upholder
. I lodge in Chandlers-street, Grosvenor's-square


. In December last, I lost a narrow striped silk gown, and a counterpane, out of this lodging. I had some goods in another house, in Somerset-street, which I was desired to take care of. I left my own lodging in Chandlers-street, with these things in it. I kept the two prisoners for some in Somerset-street, at their desire, and the request of my wife, who had known them. They were in great distress. One of them I put into work. I was about to return to my own house in Chandlers-street. I sent them to clean the lodgings, and get them ready. They went about the 20th of December. Upon the 22d, they desired to take their dinner in Chandlers-street. They took a dinner with them. They promised to be at home about four o'clock. When I came home between six and seven, I found they were not returned. This alarmed me. I enquired about it, and discovered that I had been robbed. I could not hear of them, till the 17th of July last, when Susanah Clarke surrendered herself up, and told where the other prisoner was, and where these things were to be found, in consequence of her information I did find them.


                  Ann
                   Marter
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I took in a counterpane. I cannot say who I took it of.


                  Thomas
                   Jones
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Careless, a pawnbroker. I took in a silk gown of 
               
                  Sarah
                   Humphreys
               



            .
"They were both produced in court, and
"deposed to by the prosecutor."


                  Sarah
                   Humphreys
               



            . I received the gown from 
               
                  Sarah
                   Bargo
               



            . Both the prisoners lodged together in a garret. When I went to them in the morning, they were both in bed. They desired me to pawn this gown, and let them have one of mine out of pawn, which was cheaper. They declared it was their own gown. I pawned it for them at Careless's for nine shillings, and brought them the duplicate and the money.
Susanah Devis. I missed these things just before Christmas, about three days before I saw the two prisoners; for the last time I saw these things, there was no one else in the house, but these two girls. Within these six weeks, Susanah Clarke came, and surrendered herself, begged for money, and said, she would tell me where to find all my things, and where the other prisoner was. She did discover the other prisoner, who was taken up accordingly, and these things were found. When she was taken up she behaved saucy. I have known them two or three years. I had taken them out of the Magdalen house. 
               
                  Sarah
                   Clarke
               



             said, she could not bear it upon her mind, and must disclose it. The other would not confess any thing. I did not make them any promise of favour.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
Bargo, 

               Guilty
            .
Clarke, 

               Acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


