





195. (M. 1st.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret
                      Montgomery
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 2 l. 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles
                      Balderson
                  




               
            , Feb. 14
 ++


                  Charles
                   Balderson
               



            . I am a baker
. I was coming along East-Smithfield


, on the 14th of February about eight at night. I met the prisoner and another woman; they asked me if I would go in and see their apartment; they forced me into their apartment. Then they came about me and hustled me. I was not there above five minutes before the prisoner picked my pocket of my watch. They ran directly out at the door, and got away; I could not catch them. I returned to the house again, and was there better than an hour. They brought a man to drive me out of the house, but I would not go. I sat by the fire till the watchman came. The prisoner was there; I desired him to take her into custody. She was carried to the watch-house, and the next day committed to Newgate.


                  George
                   Newton
               



            . I was constable of the night. The watchman came and told me, Liverpool Peg had robbed a man. I went to her lodging; the prosecutor gave me charge of her. (It was the prisoner.) The watchman, in going with us to Newgate, told me, the watch was pawned. We went and found it. (The watch produced in court.)
Mr. Bul.. I am a watch-maker. I lent the prosecutor this watch-till I put his own in order.
Mr. Newton. The watchman was indicted for receiving the watch. He is now in Newgate.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all of the watch. The man broke into my room. I found him lying on my bed. I told him, I would swear house-breaking against him. He said, then he would be up with me, for he would swear I robbed him of his watch.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
