





568. (M.) 
               
                  
                     ROBERT
                      BROAD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four silver salts, value 6 l. four silver salt spoons, value 6 s. and four silver table spoons, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      Woodcock
                  




               
            , Esq
; Aug. 10
. +


                  Robert
                   Preston
               



            . I am a footman to Mr. Woodcock: on the 10th of August, between nine and ten o'clock, the cloth was laid for supper, and the things mentioned in the indictment were laid upon it; the bell rang; going up stairs I missed the things off the table; being alarmed, supposing there had been a robbery, we traced the salt out of the window into the garden; the window was open; it was left open when the things were laid for supper; there was a patch close by the window in the inside, which we supposed was dropt: on going out next morning, making enquiry, mentioning the black patch at the public house next door, the landlord said, there was a man lived with him who always wore such black patches, and was a man of bad character; that induced us to make enquiry; in a little time we had an account that these things were offered to a broker just by; the broker was sent for, and my master shewed him the fellow of the spoons that were taken away; the prisoner was taken at his mother's, at Standford-hill; he had worked as a plaisterer
 in the house.


                  John
                   Knight
               



            . I am a broker: the prisoner came to my house on the 11th of August, about a quarter before eight in the morning, at Kings-land, which is about a mile from Mr. Woodcock's; he asked whether I bought any plate; I was just come down stairs; I had been very ill; my wife said I sometimes did, and bid him come in; he pulled out the spoons; I asked what he would have for them; I am not sure whether he asked 12 s. or 15 s. for the four; I said I believed he had stole them; I examined the spoons to see if there was any mark on them; there was only a cypher; I heard that Mr. Woodcock had been robbed; I went to him, and asked if he had any spoons of the same pattern as them he lost; the footman brought a spoon; I could swear to the bowl as soon as I saw it; it is marked exactly the same; I saw other things in the prisoner's pocket, but asked him no farther questions. I never saw the man before, but am sure he is the person. I got up and looked after him; he said he would go to the Jews in Duke's Place; I watched him till he got through the turnpike.
Q. from the prisoner. Why did not you stop me?
Knight. I was very ill, and being busy, I thought it more proper to mind my business; I did not know where he came from; he said he came out of the country.


                  Thomas
                   Broad
               



            . I am brother to the prisoner: I saw the things on my mother's table.
Q. Who brought them there?
Knight. I cannot say.
Q. Where was your brother taken?
Knight. In my mother's house.
Q. What did you see on your mother's table?
Knight. Four salts and four little spoons; I do not know what they call them.


                  William
                   Dixon
               



            . I have known the prisoner many years; he confessed to me in the morning that he got in at the window.
Q. Did he do involuntarily and freely?
Dixon. Yes.
Q. You did not promise him any thing or threaten him?
Dixon. No, nothing at all of that.
Q. What day was that?
Dixon. The day after he was taken.
Q. What day was he taken?
Dixon. I do not know; he told how he got into the window, filled his pocket, and got out again; I said was there any other plate in the room; he said yes, there were some silver handled knives and forks, and a silver bread basket worth about 40 l. or 50 l. I said why did not you take them? how came you not to take them? he said he only took what he could take in his pocket.
Q. Did he ever use to wear any thing on his face?
Dixon. Yes, two patches.
Prisoner's Defence.
This man has owed me a spite a great while, and wanted to get me out of the town: I was bad with the foul disease; I never was in the man's house, and never meddled with the things; when I could not work I used to lie upon my mother.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
