





304. (M.) 
               
                  
                     PETER
                      STRINGER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three silver tea spoons, value 5 s. 20 lb. wt. of wax candles, value 20 s. seven drinking glasses, value 2 s. two water glasses, value 1 s. two cut glass salt holders, value 2 s. sixteen china tea cups, value 8 s. twenty three china saucers, value 8 s. five coffee cups, value 3 s. seven china basons, value 6 s. three china plates, value 2 s. two cream jugs, value 1 s. one china mug, value 6 d. twenty pair of snuffers, value 2 s. thirty linen glass cloths, value 5 s. a linen napkin, value 1 s. eighteen table knives, value 18 d. eighteen forks, value 18 d. three kitchen knives, value 1 s. three metal spoons and a ladle, value 1 s. a drinking copper, value 1 s. two brass candlesticks, value 1 s. four brass cocks, value 2 s. one pair of steel yards, value 5 s. two pewter plates, value 2 s. four long hair brooms, eight hand brushes, and one pair of bellows, value 2 s. a pair of tea tongs, value 2 s. an iron poker, value 1 s. and Boyer's French Dictionary, the property of the Right Honourable 
                     
                        
                           George
                            Harry
                        



                     
                  , Earl
 of Stamford; one watch in a case made of metal, value 4 l. 4 s. the property of the Right Honourable Lady


                           Henrietta
                            Grey
                        



                     
                  , spinster; a linen shirt with lace ruffles, value 40 s. a plain linen shirt, value 5 s. a pair of mens lace ruffles, value 40 s. a pair of mens plain ruffles, value 1 s. two pair of silk stockings, value 8 s. eight linen handkerchiefs, value 8 s. a muslin cravat, value 1 s. a pair of linen drawers, value 2 s. the property of the Right Honourable


                           Booth
                            Grey
                        



                     
                  ; three linen handkerchiefs, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary
                            Clerke
                        



                     
                  , spinster; a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. and two linen handkerchiefs, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James
                            Turner
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said 
                     
                        George
                         Harry
                     



                  , Earl of Stamford
            .
2d Count, for stealing the same goods but not in the dwelling house, March. 10th
.


                  Mary
                   Clerke
               



            . I am housekeeper
 to Lord Stamford; I have lived there about six years; the prisoner was porter
 there; he was there about three quarters of a year before me; his business was to take care of the door, and take in and deliver messages; he did nothing in the house; I missed things at different times almost ever since I had been in the family; I spoke of it in the family; the things are most of them here. (A large quantity of goods produced by the constable ); one of the footman's rubbers, there is a coronet upon it, a glass cloth and various other cloths, they are all my Lord Stamford's; I know the buying and making of them; my handkerchiefs are marked F. 11. and 12. I missed the purple and white one two years. ago.
Court. There was no large loss at one particular time?
Clerke. No; (the metal watch produced) the watch is a young lady's of ten years old at a boarding school; it is a metal watch.


                  Thomas
                   Smith
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Booth Grey who lives in Lord Stamford's house.
Q. Did he miss any thing?
Smith. Not at the time I lived there; (a shirt produced).
Q. What do you know of that shirt?
Smith. I know nothing of it.
Clerke again. I first suspected the prisoner on missing some things while the family were out of town; I alone was left in the house; I complained to my Lady; she asked me who I suspected; I told her Peter, because I lost some things while the family were out of town; my Lord spoke to him and discharged him, and made him open his chamber door, and we found these things; his bed chamber was kept locked; he made his bed himself; I never saw the room open for three years; he kept the key of it himself; when the door was opened I could not put my hand in for boxes and packing cases; the things were all found in the room, some in the bed, some under the bed, and some in boxes.
Q. In whose care was the linen?
Clerke. In my care.
Q. The knives and forks?
Clerke. They were in my possession in my room; when the door was first opened I saw some china cups; I said they were my Lord's; he said they were not; the constable was present when the things were taken out.


                  Samuel
                   Rabey
               



            . I have lived servant with my Lord Stamford thirty-three years; I was present when this man's room was searched; my Lord desired me to go and search it; I lost three silver spoons at different times.
Q. You have heard the account Mrs. Clerke has given of the searching the room, is that account true?
Rabey. Yes, it is, and I lost a dictionary; I found this bunch of keys in the prisoner's pocket (producing them); one of them will open fifteen locks in my Lord's house; some of them will open seventeen or eighteen locks; (produces another large bunch of keys found in his box); one of these keys opens my Lord's cellar where the wax candles are kept.


                  Andrew
                   Broach
               



            . I have been butler to Lord Stamford two years; I was present at the search; there was not any thing found that was under my care that I can speak to.
Q. Is the account Mrs. Clerke has given of the search true?
Broach. Yes.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.




               Guilty of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            



               T
            .
