





14. (L.) 
               
                  
                     MARY
                      JOHNSON
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver tea spoon, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William
                      Mackintosh
                  




               
            , Nov. 14
. +


                  Rachael
                   Yateman
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Mackintosh. The prisoner, who passed for a deaf and dumb woman, served the house with chips for four months; she came on Saturday night the 14th of November, about five o'clock, to see if we wanted chips; she made signs that she was ready to starve with cold; I let her sit by the fire, which she did for a quarter of an hour; she sat near a table upon which I suppose the spoon was, for a spoon was put upon that table that afternoon, which I don't recollect being removed; she staid about a quarter of an hour. A message was brought me that one of my spoons was at Mr. Wood's in the Minories; then I looked among the spoons and found one wanting.


                  John
                   Wood
               



            . The prisoner came to my shop on Saturday night the 14th of November, about half after five, and offered a silver tea spoon to sale; she first said she found it in the street, afterwards she said she had it among some kitchen stuff, that made me suspect her; she told me her name was 
               
                  Mary
                   Turner
               



            , and she was to be found at a glover's near Tower-hill. I stopt the spoon and went to enquire for her; I was surprised to find the woman whose name she used passed for deaf and dumb, and had not spoke for three years.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was born in the Isle of Wight. I have been ill, and had a defect in my speech.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
