





692. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PETERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of March
 last, one wooden box value 6 d. three hundred and fifty yards of black lace, value 50 l. and five guineas, value 5 l. 5 s. and one half guinea, value 10 s. 6 d. and four half crown pieces, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fenner
                  




               
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)


                  THOMAS
                   FENNER
               



             sworn.
I keep a shop
 at West Wickham, in Buckingham; I deal a little in lace; I sold some to different shops; I was coming out of a shop by Red Lion street; I saw a man about forty yards before me on the payment walking gently on, when I came up to him, he said I am just come out of Yorkshire, we have had a great deal of snow, I dare say you have had as much in your country; I said much the same; I had my box in a pair of white wallets; no more conversation passed at that time; he was a little short old man; I went to the farther end almost of Great Queen-street, near Long Acre; I did not see him then; I saw something lay on the pavement, I thought it was a glove; I did not see any body drop it; when I came near enough to pick it up, I stooped down to pick it up, and the hand of a man came under my hand, and picked up this parcel; he said nothing at all to me, nor I to him, but picked up this parcel, and I turned myself round, and found it was the same old man that had spoke to me about the weather; I went on into a publick house in Wild-street, and called for a pint of beer; and the same man came in, and called for a pint of beer, and he pulled out a paper, and asked me to read it, for he said he could not read; I took the parcel and looked into it, and I saw it was a bill and receipt for two hundred and fifty pounds for a diamond ring, bought in Cheapside of Mr. James; I paid for my pint of beer, and went out of the house leaving him in it; I then passed on to go to Covent Garden, to several places where I sell laces, and to several other shops; it was about three when I left him the first time; and between seven and eight in the evening (it was a very dark and cold night) I went into a house in Saint Giles's


, and called for a pint of beer; the waiter I met in the passage, he asked me into a large room; before I set down, the same man that asked me about the weather, and picked up the parcel came in; the little short old man, which I suppose is Patch, as soon as ever he came in, he called for sixpenny worth of crank; then the prisoner and another man, whom I never saw before, came in and called the waiter for a pen and ink, and a sheet of writing paper, either the man at the bar, or the other stranger; the other man sat writing; and this prisoner says to the little short old man, I think as you have found a thing of that value, you ought to let that man have part.
Had there been any discourse about finding it? - None at all, the little man, which I think is Patch, said I will agree to let him have a hundred pounds; I will go to my banker's directly, I hope you will be here when I come back, I will not be long; he was not gone two minutes, and came in, and said his banker was not at home, his banker's clerk was; and he could not have the hundred pounds that night, but he would bring it the next morning at eleven o'clock; I then got up to pay for my pint of beer; my hands were very cold, and I took a canvas bag I had, and shook my money loose in the window; I had five guineas, one half guinea, four half crowns, and a sixpence; I took it out to look for a sixpence, because my hands were numbed; the prisoner, after I gave the waiter the sixpence, came up to me, between me and where my money lay, and asked me to sign my name to a piece of paper in two or three folds folded up, which I suppose was the same piece of paper; the other man had been writing; they were all three in the room; then the waiter went out after I paid him; I wanted to get my money to put into my bag; the man that sat writing, whipped up and shut the door; the prisoner stepped up to me, and asked me to sign my name to the paper, and I refused it; he directly took the pen from the other man, and insisted upon my signing it; he did not explain what the paper was; I did not know what to do; I wrote my name on the paper; I did not know what I wrote it to, nothing was read to me; then I got up to go out; the prisoner says to me, give that man your money that lays in the window; I answered no; he then says go and take it; accordingly the man that I took to be Patch took it; he came behind me, whipped up my box, and this man, and the other man came behind me, keeping me from following them; the man at the bar put his hand upon the back of the man that had the box, and bid him run off with the box; and the prisoner and Patch ran out together, the other man followed; I run to the window and took up my hat, and cried stop thief, but nobody came to my assistance; I lost sight of them; I put the parcel which I had in my hat, in my waistcoat pocket; I went to the Green Man and Still, where I lodge; I went to a friend that I deal with.
What became of the paper you signed? - They took it with them; when I got to my friends in Carnaby Street, I opened the parcel which was tied in three different knots, and I found this ring.
Did you give the ring to any body that is here? - No, I went to Justice Bond's at Bow-street, and gave a description, and the prisoner was taken some time after, about three weeks ago Mr. Lucas knows.

Did you at any time part with your goods on any occasion, either for a ring or any thing else? - No, Sir, I did not.
Did you consent either to their taking the box or the money? - No, I did not.
You are positive you did not give your box as security for your producing the ring, or any thing of that sort? - No, Sir, I did not.
Are you sure that the prisoner is the same man? - I am sure this is the man that pushed out Patch with the box, and bid him run off; I have never seen him before; I was with him a quarter of an hour; he was taken the 22d of July.
That was four months after; can you undertake to swear positively to the person of a stranger at four months distance of time? - Yes.
Mr. Peatt, Prisoner's Counsel. You was not willing to lose this purse? - No, Sir; I stooped to pick it up, but a hand interposed.
When you came into this cold room, where you wanted to warm your hands, where there was no fire, what made you stay? - I staid to drink my beer; I never said a word about his going to his banker's.
If the hundred pounds had come, you would have received it, would not you? - Yes, I believe I should.
Whereabouts did this box of your's stand, when the man was writing? - At the door; it stood close by my foot, and Patch far opposite me, the other two men sat opposite me.
You was not afraid of losing your box? - I was not careful enough at that time.
I seems the ring was of too much value to bring here? - I do not know the value of the ring.
Did it appear to you to be a very good ring? - I did not understand it.
What would you have thought it worth? - I thought nothing of it; I carried the ring to Justice Bond, and it was given to a man named Morris.
But what directions did you give him? - This Morris sent me a letter to come to the office in Bow-street; and I went to attend an appointment from a letter; there was a Mr. Morris; he took us to another house; there was a man that was to produce the property, not the man that took the things.
Mr. Garrow. Morris got the ring under pretence of getting your laces? - Morris is an attorney's clerk; he said to the man, I will draw up an agreement if you will sign it; we staid till near four o'clock, and the haberdasher persuaded me; accordingly my box was brought in, and I looked over it, and cast it up, and found it thirty pounds deficient, in case my laces were not cut; some of them appear to be cut; when I said there was a piece of nineteen yards wanting, then they brought me in nine pounds worth of lace more; then there wanted twenty pounds; I gave the ring up with that view, to have my property; I was to have received all my property; the paper I signed, was to say nothing about it, provided I got all my property within five pounds; the haberdasher advised me.
Was Morris acting for you, or for those that had your laces? - He was acting for the rogues.
Will your Lordship permit the name of 
               
                  Richard
                   Morris
               



             to be called here in Court.
(Called but did not answer.)
Will your lordship permit me to have an order of Court for his a tendance.
Court. If it is subject of criminal enquiry, it must be made out, and there must be a warrant for taking him up? - The haberdasher said, the best way would be for me to employ an attorney; and the attorney came there by the desire of me and the haberdasher; the haberdasher carried me to the attorney, and Morris was his clerk.
You found at last, you had twenty pounds worth missing? - Yes.
Have you since seen any part of it that has been missing? - Yes.
Is it here to be produced? - Yes.
Court. I want to know a little more who this haberdasher is, and where he lives? - His name is 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hattersley
               



            , in Holborn; I have done business with him two or three years.


                  EDWARD
                   LUCAS
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner along with his wife and four others, in Bell-court, Gray's-Inn Lane; that was on another information concerning a Scotchman's pack; I think it was the 22d of July.
Did you at that time know of the laces of this poor man? - I did, I had been a long time seeking the prisoner, and could not find him; I searched his wife and him, and I found some duplicates on her of the lace which has since been found.
Was the prisoner present? - He was; he did not say any thing about them.
Was any thing said when they were found in his presence? - I do not recollect that there was; there were several duplicates, and but two that belonged to this lace; I gave the duplicates to Pickering.
Court. I do not think you have brought them home, unless there was some recognition about them; being found on his wife is not sufficient.


                  WILLIAM
                   PICKERING
               



             sworn.
I received two duplicates, and found a piece of lace at Westminster, seventeen yards and a half.


                  ROBERT
                   CLARK
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Wassell, a pawnbroker, in Bridge-street, Westminster; it is seventeen yards and a half; it was pledged by one 
               
                  John
                   Price
               



            .
What sort of a man is he? - I cannot describe him; about six feet high, black hair, rather slim; I should know him, but I do not see him; it is not the prisoner.
Prosecutor. It is mine.
What is the value of it? - I gave two shillings a yard.
Another PAWNBROKER sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Long-lane, Smithfield; I has this piece of lace, on Friday the 16th of June from a girl; I know the girl, she goes for a niece to Mrs. Peters; I never saw her and the prisoner together; I lent half a guinea upon it; there is about eight yards and a half of it.
(Deposed to.)
Pickering. It was by the directions of Mr. Peters, that I went to these places where I took the duplicates; I asked the prisoner whose they were; he told me some of them belonged near Westminster Abbey; I went to the corner of Parliament-street, and there I found seventeen yards and a half of lace, which the prisoner told me he had of Price; I asked the prisoner where some other of the tickets were, which have since been delivered to the wife; he said in the Borough.
Prisoner. I leave it all to my counsel; I am very hard of hearing.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character, who said he was a journeyman shoe-maker
; and one of them said, that his wife had a stand in Rosemary-lane, and sold laces and ribbonds.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
