





339. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ROCK
                  



               
            , the wife
 of 
               
                  PETER
                   ROCK
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March, three pair of linen sheets, value 15 s. a cotton counterpane, value 14 s. three table-cloths, value 12 s. and several other things
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Anstey
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Baker
                  



               
            .


                  PETER
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was servant
 to me and Mr. Anstey, from December till the 8th of March, when I gave her warning to leave us; on the 14th about eleven o'clock in the evening, I went into the shop, I saw her there, she had no business there, and she blew out the candle, I had a suspicion of her, I followed her up stairs, I saw something under her arm, I desired her to come into the dining-room; she said if I had any suspicion I might examine her; I did, and I found several of our things on her, and her husband was found in the bed, on the same evening; the next morning I searched her room, and found in her drawer a parcel of duplicates, amongst which were some for sheets and table-cloths, of which we had missed a great number; we found where they were, she was to quit our service the next day; I know no more.


                  JAMES
                   TALLBOY
               



             sworn.
Mr. Baker delivered me those duplicates, I went in search of the things, and found them at six different pawnbrokers.


                  JOHN
                   GAREWOOD
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Rochford, a pawnbroker; on the 28th of February, Saturday in the evening, these sheets were pledged with us by the prisoner at the bar; I am sure she is the person.
The sheets deposed to by Mr. Baker by the marks.
RICHARD WILLIAMSON sworn.
I live with Mr. Fleming, a pawnbroker, in Drury-lane; these sheets were pawned with us by the prisoner at the bar, on Saturday the 3d of January.
Mr. Baker. I believe these to be ours, we lost sheets of this kind.


                  JOSEPH
                   BARNES
               



             sworn.
I live with Mrs. Cooper in Wych-street, this counterpane was pledged to us by the prisoner at the bar, in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Thomas
               



            , on the 23d of February.
Mr. Baker. We have lost a counterpane of this kind and quality.


                  THOMAS
                   NEAVE
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Purcell in the Strand; I don't know who pledged those things, I was in the country.


                  SAMUEL
                   NEWTH
               



             sworn.
These sheets were pledged with me by a woman; I believe it to be the prisoner, but I cannot swear to her.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I lived with Mr. Baker, and he used to pay me two guineas a week to lay out in the house; I lost half a guinea, and Ipawned the things to make up the money.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
