






957. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BREWER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BURMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d day of September
 last, eight bushels of malt, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I am a seafaring man
, I have lost some malt out of the Endeavour sloop, of which I was master, she laid at Lady Parsons's stairs, Wapping


, on the 22d of September; I was on shore about half after seven at night, and at about eight I went to bed, and after I was in bed about half an hour, I thought I heard some noise upon deck, I immediately came up and looked forward, and saw two of my own lads with one man and two watermen, in a boat along-side, robbing the vessel; they had been letting down three sacks of malt in this boat, I saw them let down one sack, what was in the sack I cannot swear to; I heard one of my men, which is the prisoner Burman, say to another, go into the boat and receive the sack, for fear he should row away and not pay us; then the man at the bar and another waterman had the boat-hook fastened on to my shroud; I wrung it out of his hand and I struck it in between his shoulders, and I held him fast some time; then the man I had struck took up a scull and struck at me which made me loose my hold, I had nothing but my shirt on, and he got away by main strength; the two watermen, one of which is the prisoner Brewer, ran away with the corn in the boat; I took my own servants on shore, and the young one told me who had the corn; I took my own man Burman, and another on his evidence: I know the man at the bar, I am sure he was the other waterman; they had three sacks when they rowed away: I found two sacks of malt, and some more in a basket, at a baker's in the Borough; he said he bought it, I asked him of whom; I told him I should take both him and the malt, for it was mine; there was no mark on the sacks, but I lost a quantity of malt; I found Brewer, and asked him what he had done with the malt he robbed me of the night before; he said he had sold it to a baker.


                  WILLIAM
                   WHITEWAY
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner Brewer, I went to a baker's, in the cellar, there we saw some malt, which the baker said he had bought of the prisoner Brewer; I took the prisoner just before, and brought him to the baker's, and he confessed there he had sold it to this baker; he said he had bought it of the lads, he would not acknowledge to the stealing of it.


                  JONATHAN
                   WARREN
               



             sworn.
I belong to the sloop, so did the prisoner Burman; I was concerned in handing this malt over int o this boat; it was a waterman's boat, I do not know the waterman, Burman had been persuading this lad to get it; I handed over eight bushels and a half, which was the three sacks; the prisoner Burman was in the boat, the prisoner Brewer was the purlman; my master caught us handing over the third sack; I am certain sure this is the man, he has been on board us before.
Why did you let this bad man persuade you to rob your master, is not this the high road to the gallows? - This lad said, if I would be ruled by him, I should always have a shilling in my pocket.
If you are ruled by him, you will come to be hanged: how old are you? - Fourteen.
Prosecutor. Burman is about twenty-two, he has been a very bad lad.

PRISONER BREWER's DEFENCE.
The accomplice called me, and I thought he wanted purl, and he told me he wanted to speak to me; somebody happened to come out of the cabin, and he says call by and by, so I shoved off; he came there after dinner, and took this opportunity and called me along-side again, he said there will be a couple of sacks for you if you come along-side at eight; says I, what must I give you? says he, eight shillings a sack; it was agreed on; he says mind and do not disappoint me; there were eight bushels and a half, so I hired a waterman that came up from Deptford, and he would not go for less than five shillings; after I came along-side, the boy was upon deck, he said, come put the boat under the bows, you shall have it directly, he jumped in the boat, and I gave him eleven shillings that night, I was to give him five shillings more the next morning; I am from Dantzic; so the master came upon deck, and he could not see how many sacks there were, for I put my great coat over them; the master came and held the boat with the boat-hook; I rowed away with the grain, and landed and got it carried to -
Court. Are you aware that you are confessing that you stole this malt? - No, I never was on board the ship.
Do you think that that subterfuge will be of any use to you; you go and deal with boys, do you think you are not a thief? - I never was on board a ship.
You may be a thief and never be on board, so the Jury will presently tell you.
PRISONER BURMAN's DEFENCE.
I never got the corn, it was the evidence.
The prisoner Brewer called two witnesses to his character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Court to Prosecutor. What have you done with the man that bought the malt? - He was committed to Newgate, and Mrs. Clarke was bound over to prosecute.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
