





212. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     GEE
                  , otherwise 
TEASDALE




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of February
, a cotton gown and coat, value 10 s. a pair of stays, value 5 s. a printed calico gown, value 5 s. a cloth cloak, value 5 s. a pair of stuff shoes, value 1 s. a linen apron, value 1 s. and a handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Green
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   GREEN
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of John Green; I live at London-wall


; the prisoner was my servant
, I had been ill for sometime before this; I did not come down that day till eleven o'clock; when I came down, I saw her in the passage, pinning her bonnet on; she put her cloak on, and went up stairs; I followed her into the room, opposite that where the things had been kept; I detected her with the things in her lap, tied up in an handkerchief of mine, except the stays and apron, which were loose under her cloak; I had her taken up.
Prisoner. Why did I wear my bonnet, was not it because I had bad eyes? - She had not wore this bonnet for two days before.
GRACE FREED sworn.
I lodge in this house; Mrs. Green called her husband; he did not come, and she called me, and I saw the things at the prisoner's feet.
(Thomas Cochran the constable, produced the things, which were deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I wanted to clean the room, and was bringing the things out of the room in my lap in order to clean it; I had wore my bonnet several days, because I had bad eyes; my mistress said she would send for a constable, and would hang me, if she could; I had no more intention of taking the things, than I have of going to Jamaica this minute.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
