





693. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GLOSTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of June
, three coach glasses, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Whitworth
                        



                     
                  , and one great coat, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Chalkley
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   WITWORTH
               



             sworn.
I am a coach-master
, I only swear to the glasses.


                  JOHN
                   CHALKLEY
               



             sworn.
I only prove my property.


                  SARAH
                   HALES
               



             sworn.
I am a working woman, I get up very early in the morning, and I saw the prisoner come down Back-house-lane, Hackney, about a quarter after four last Saturday was a week, and I saw him look through the key-hole of Mr. Newman's stable door, my business called me off, and in about ten minutes I saw him come from off Mr. Whitworth's coach house door, he had a great coat and a bag, I cannot say what was in the bag, but I saw the coat; he walked off up the lane, I did not know him before, nor ever saw him, I know him by his apparel, I did not see his face, for his back was towards me; I can swear to his clothes.


                  SAMUEL
                   EVERTON
               



             sworn.
I was standing at the watch-house door in Hackney church-yard , in the morning a little before five; I made after him , and took him, and he has these glasses and a coat, all that he said was, that he begged I would not hurt him, one Mr. Gough came up and said it was Mr. Chalkley's great coat, and Chalkley came and owned it, and we have had them in our possession ever since.
A WITNESS sworn.
I was with the last witness, I saw the prisoner pass, so we stopped him and brought him back with the things upon him, he cried out do not hurt me, he had a bag and a great coat, and there were three coach glasses. (The things deposed to.) The coach strings were cut off and left in the coach-house, and they match directly.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went down this lane and there was no thoroughfare, coming back I found that was no turning, I was taken short, and I went by the side of a dunghill, and there was this bag and these glasses, and the great coat was alongside of it; I shook the great coat and brought it out, and looked at it for five or six minutes.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a very good character, and said he had three children.
Court to Whitworth . Was your coach-house door locked? - No, it was bolted withinside, they could get in by getting over into a gentleman's garden, where the bolt was on the outside.
Court. Do any of the officers know whether he has ever been here before? - no, my Lord.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER .
