





772. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     CREEKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1st day of August
 last, thirty-five pound, weight of feathers, value 12 s. two pair of flat irons, value 6 s. and one coffee pot, value 2 s.
             the property of Sir 
               
                  
                     John Warley 
                     Gardner
                  




               
            , Baronet
.


                  ELIZABETH
                   HARVEY
               



             sworn.
I keep the prosecutor's house; in the beginning of August last we lost the things mentioned in the indictment, the feathers were in a bed, the bed was cut open, and the feathers carried away; the prisoner was a chair-woman, I said we will go and mangle the chair covers; she fetched a deep sigh, and said she had a terrible pain in her head, she went out and did not return; then I missed the irons and tea-kettle, and I went to tell her blankets, and the blankets were all over feathers; I turned them up, and I saw the bed was cut open, and a great quantity taken out; she had served two more so besides that she slept in; nobody was in the house but us two; we took her the next night in Eagle-court, Swallow-street; I said to the constable, that is your prisoner; says she for what, I have carried home your property, two mangled cloths, and two flat irons, and flung them over the area; when we came home they were flung over the area; then the constable and me went to look at the feather-beds, to see how they were cut, and I left her with this good man the witness; and she made a confession to him; we took her to the cage, and she took us to the man's house where she had carried the feathers; the man's name was 
               
                  John
                   Crooke
               



            , in Carnaby-street; I know the irons and the coffee-mill, the flat irons were worth about half a crown a pair.


                  JOHN
                   CROOKE
               



             sworn.
I know nothing of the feathers nor the prisoner, she came to offer them for sale through poverty and distress.
When did you buy them? - I do not know the day, I bought 35 lb.
What did you give for them? - Four pence a pound; I had known her for about the space of half a year before that time.
Did you ever buy any feathers before? - No, not of the prisoner, nor in any respect but in whole beds.
Was not you surprised? - Not considering her distress, she said they were her own feathers, and told me where she lived, in Heydon court, we catechised her how she came by them; I remember the witness Harvey came to our house, and asked me if the prisoner had sold any feathers, I said yes, I never attempted to hide anything, it is well known I dare say to the prosecutor, and all that has any business with me, that I have not attempted to hide any one thing, because I never buy anything, knowing it to be stolen.
Prisoner. They were my own feathers, I sold to him last summer.
Court to Crooke. What does your family consist of? - A wife and one child, and my house consists of creditable lodgers, and I believe my lodgers and neighbourhood in general will give me an excellent character.
Court. Upon my word it has a very bad appearance? - Undoubtedly it may have an indifferent look upon me, but I hope it will be rightly considered that it was not meant - .
Court. It can only be rightly considered if it is considered by you, and that the event of that consideration should be that you never will traffic in this way again: I desire Mr. Clerk of the Arraigns, that you will take down this man's name, and if ever he appears here again, that it may be mentioned, that he has been twice examined here in one day, as a receiver of stolen goods, and you know the punishment of that, to be transported for fourteen years.
Crooke. I am much obliged to your Lordship, I will readily resign the business, for I find I cannot carry it on without being deceived by crafty people.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
