





45. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HALL
                  



               
             was indicted was 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th day of December
 last, one iron mall, value 12 d. one hand-saw, value 15 d. one iron chissel, value 9 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Richardson
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   RICHARDSON
               



             sworn.
My tools were in my boat; I am a boat-builder
; and the prisoner walked alongside the boat; she was on shore, and between twelve and one, the prisoner came and stood talking to me about the Captain the boat belonged to; says he, the Captain of this boat is a very bad man, and makes them pick oakum: the bell rang for dinner; says the prisoner, that is your dinner bell; I left him, and I left my tools in the boat; I came back at two o'clock; the prisoner was stopped by 
               
                  John
                   Cooke
               



            , when I came back, with the property; I afterwards found the mall in his jacket pocket at the Justice's.


                  JOHN
                   COOKE
               



             sworn.
Between one and two I came into the yard; I saw the prisoner, and he stopped down; being a stranger, says I, what have you here; and betwixt his outside and inside waistcoat, I took the hand-saw and chissel from him; he said they were not his, but he was going to sell them; he begged me to let him go; he was taken before the Justice.
(The mall produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A carpenter sent me to fetch them things to St. James's stairs, and he would give me sixpence.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
