






457. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     JACOBS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of May

 last, three ewe sheep, value 40 s. and a wether lamb, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bennett
                  



               
            .
And 
               
                  
                     MOSES 
                     SILLITOE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, the said goods, knowing them to have been feloniously stolen
            .


                  JOHN
                   BENNETT
               



             sworn.
I am a drover
, I lost three ewe sheep and a wether lamb; I lost them on a Sunday, I was driving twenty-three score and seventeen; looking over the account we missed four, which was between two and three on Monday morning; I saw them at Mr. Sillitoe's house, he is a butcher in Kingsland-road, he is a housekeeper there; I saw them about five on the Monday, I knew them by the marks, they were all marked separately with distinct marks; one ewe was marked down the off neck, it was just sheered, and just a little stroke of oker on the back, I could swear to it by that; there were two more ewes, one marked down the head and rump, a woolled one, had not had the wool clipped off; one of the other was marked down the head and rump with red oker, the other down the head and near shoulder; I did not put on the marks, I found the sheep all whole, concealed at Sillitoe's, in his back place, where he keeps his sheep; I can swear them to be mine, I know the wether lamb; that was blued in the face, it had no other mark upon it; nothing material passed before me, I never saw them in the hands of Jacobs.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. All those sheep were your property, Mr. Bennett? - Yes.
Have you any persons concerned with you in the trade of drover? - Nobody at all.
In driving so large a stock, some of them will get astray? - No, if there was a few it might be done, but being so many together, they will keep to one another, it is impossible they should ever get away one from another; I have had two thousand together,and never lost any of them; it is not usual, that I swear positively.
Who counted this stock? - I counted them myself; I set out from my own house, five miles from Whitechapel-church; my servant when he came to market told me that there was so many; I told them over when I came to market, I counted them when they were at home, and when they came to market; I never trust to my servants, I counted them at home on the Sunday night before they came to market.
Who set out with them? - My man set out with them, not myself; I came after them with some bullocks to market, I did not come from home till twelve, the sheep set out about eight, my man is here; I have only one man as a servant, I have others that work for me, and assist in collecting, and folding my cattle, and they did on this occasion; they did not assist in counting them, I counted them myself; they divide them and tell them over, and then I tell them over afterwards; I count them at home as they run out of the gate.
Then you pretend to say that they running through a gate, you are accurate in counting them? - Yes, there were twenty-three score and seventeen.
I believe in telling, you now and then reckon more than twenty to the score? - No, never.
You know nothing as to Jacobs? - No.
You found these in Sillitoe's premises? - Yes.
One thing, I confess, struck me a little, you said they were concealed in his place? - Yes.
Now I ask you, on your oath, whether they were in any other place than what his cattle is usually put into, which he receives as a butcher? - It was a little bit of a pound, it is paled up pretty high, that nobody can see them backwards.
Was not this cattle in the ordinary place in which he keeps his cattle in the course of his business? - I cannot say that they were in any other place.
Upon the oath you have taken, whether this cattle, which you state to have been concealed, was in any other place than that in which the man, in the fair course of his business, usually keeps his cattle? - I cannot say no otherwise, only as that place was, they were in that place.
Do you mean to state that they were concealed in any place, in which a person going to this man in the course of his business, would not expect to find cattle? - They were in a back place; I can say no otherwise.
You cannot misconceive the purport of this question; were they, or were they not in that part of his premises in which, according to the course of his trade cattle would be found? - They were adjoining to his house.
Is that an answer that an honest man would give respecting a man's liberty for fourteen years; were they or were they not, I am sure (it is a pertinent question) in that part of Sillitoe's premises, in which any person's cattle, in the course of their business, would be found? - If we had not had an idea, we could not have found them.
I put the question again? - I found them in the place where he always puts them as he tells me.


                  THOMAS
                   HADEN
               



             sworn.
I am a drover, I am servant to Mr. Bennett; we brought out twenty three score and seventeen, some ewes and some lambs, my master lives against the five-mile-stone on the Rumford-road, I set out at eight on the Sunday night, I did not miss any of them on the road; after I drove them off separate, I told the lots, I did not tell them before I came to Smithfield, that was about two, or a little after, then there were three sheep and a lamb missing, they were counted by the penn-man, he is not here, they were delivered up to him about three; my master came about three; after the penn-man and I told him I wanted three sheep and a lamb, he counted them and found them missing, I took the sheep in, down in the country, every man's sheep was marked different, I cannot say how many lots there were; I saw the sheep at Sillitoe'shouse a quarter before five; I was there before my master, I knew them to be our sheep by the marks, the shorn ewe was marked down the side of the neck, and touched in the back with oker.
Do you mean to be accurate as to that? - Yes; the other was marked on the off side of the neck, and touched on the back with red oker, one of the others was marked on the head with oker, and down the rump, one was sheered as I told you first; these three were all touched with red oker, two were woolled, one shorn, the lamb was blued right down the face; this Abe, the prisoner 
               
                  Abraham
                   Jacobs
               



            , met me at the Globe at Mile-end; I had a ewe went very bad, and he had a dog; and I said, if you do not keep your dog away, I will knock him down; he went to Whitechapel-church, and bade me a good night; I have seen him before in the market.
Mr. Knowlys. What age are you? - About nineteen, I lived two years with my master once before, I came away, and I have lived with him about eight months; I have eight guineas a year.
Do you know the nature of an oath? - Yes.
What is the nature of an oath? - That I should not swear false, that I should not tell a lye.
Do you know who you apply to for the truth of what you say? - I know that I should say the truth, and nothing but the truth.
Who do you call to witness to that truth? - I have nobody to witness to the truth.
Who do you call to witness? - Why God.
Then do not let the fear of losing these eight guineas a year, or any thing that your master can say, induce you to tell a lye? - I would not tell a lye for twenty guineas a year, I will not be influenced by any thing, if I know it, I did not count them at home; my master told me there were twenty-three score and seventeen, I cannot tell how many sheep and how many lambs, nor no man living; I cannot tell how many different marks there were.
You lose sheep occasionally? - Yes, we do very often.
They stray you know? - They stray or are stole; they do not stray in London, they are taken away from us; I never had a lamb or sheep strayed from me in London in my life; I never had none strayed from me; I always drive them, when my master has any to drive; I had two men with me, they are not here; I was behind them and they were before me.
Of course they could give as good an account of the cattle as you can? - They were only hired men, they had not the care of the cattle; Abraham is a drover, and is employed as such by many people.
The sheep were in Sillitoe's open back yard? - There was no cover over it; it was open high pales; the people might see out of the window.
He is a butcher, is not he? - It looked more like a cook's shop, than a butcher's; there was meat there, dressed, in the window.
Was he at that time? - No, I was in the house when my master saw them.
Court. How long had your master had these lots? - We went down into the country to gather them on Saturday, and we came up on Sunday, we go first to Stanford le Hope.
Do not other people collect lots marked in the same way? - My master is the only drover in the country, there is no other drover drives for the farmers that we drive for, unless a butcher goes and buys a lot himself, then he drives them home himself.
Court to Bennet. Do the farmers in this part of the country usually employ more drovers than one? - No Sir.
Mr. Knowlys. You are a drover? - I call on Wednesdays and Thursdays.
How many counties do you call in? - Sir!
Do you know the meaning of the word county? - What, counting them over: oh! I call in one county, in Essex, at Stanford le Hope, about thirty miles from London.

How many persons do you deal with? - I suppose four or five and thirty people.
Will you undertake to swear that they do not deal with any drover but yourself? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
I live in Kingsland-road, and as I was going home, I met a drove of beast in Whitechapel, at half past ten o'clock on Sunday night the 24th of May, and before I got out of Bishopgate-street, I met this Abraham hunting four sheep, as I thought, he was driving them from Bishopgate church to Shoreditch church; I turned back and followed him, and he hunted them through Shoreditch turnpike, and he got before the church and turned them up Kingsland-road toward Mr. Sillitoe's house, and he went and knocked at the door; Stillitoe said who is there, Abraham said one; the sheep were about a hundred yards from the house; Mr. Sillitoe came out to turn the sheep in; they ran away and were gone very near a quarter of an hour; I stopped a little bit, while they came back again; there was a light in the shop, and Mr. Sillitoe and this Abraham was following them behind; when I went back to Smithfield, I said to one 
               
                  Ned
                   Langham
               



            , if you know anybody that has lost any sheep in the morning, only send them to me and I will tell them where they are; I saw one lamb, one shorn sheep, and two Dorsetshire ewes, they appeared to me to be two with wool on, and one lamb; I could not see any of the marks; in the morning I took Mr. Bennet's man and Armstrong, and we went to Sillitoe's and knocked at the door, and his wife came and said she was very bad and could not open the door for a long time; the sheep were backwards in the yard alive.
Could you form judgment enough to say whether they were the same sheep that you saw driven by Jacobs? - Yes, they were the same.
Did you see any other sheep or cattle? - No, only some pigs.
Mr. Knowlys. What are you? - A drover.
How long have you known Jacobs? - I have known him a little while in Smithfield; but never to be intimately acquainted.
He is a drover, is not he? - Yes, as far as I know, he has worked with one 
               
                  Jack
                   Parr
               



            's; I have seen him drive things, but how can I tell what he follows; I have seen him act as a drover; but not repeatedly, sometimes he is a butcher at Whitechapel; he does drive for any of the people in Whitechapel, he is turned off from Jacky Parrs.
Have you constantly worked as a drover? - Yes.
Are you acquainted with this Bennett? - Yes, he knows me very well, and with Haden, before this matter happened; he was driving them as hard as ever he could, I overtook him to see where they went in at, the man never saw me, I will be upon oath; I know he did not come by them honestly; I know they were not the kind of sheep that he drives, though I did not see the marks of them; I can tell Dorsetshire sheep by the horns or wool; it was not so dark but I could see the sheep; sometimes I was close to him, and he was on one side of the way, and I on the other.
Did you tell any watchman on the road? - No.
How many watchmen did you meet? - I cannot say; I did not tell them; I saw one; I might see more; I can swear I did not see twenty; I do not know that I saw any but this watchman in Kingsland-road.
If you had found any sheep, would not you have taken them to the person you knew? - No, I should have taken them to the Green-yard, as the proper place: a man may go for miles and miles, and not look for four sheep in a butcher's shop or cook's shop; there was the Shoreditch pound, and the key can always be found.
What reward is there now for a person who apprehends a sheep stealer? - What is that Sir, did you speak to me.

Do you mean to swear you did not hear me? - I do not know what reward there was, nor did not apprehend him on account of the reward; I do not know what reward there is for sheep stealers, I did not know there was any; I have been a drover above seven or eight years, and never heard talk that there was any reward for apprehending sheep stealers.


                  WILLIAM
                   SADD
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman, at eleven o'clock last Sunday night was a week, I was sitting in my box in Kingsland-road, and I saw some sheep go by, and I noticed them; there were four, and Mr. Sillitoe came and asked me to help him in with them; he desired me to mind his door, and he would go after them; accordingly I minded it, and I saw them go into his house, he brought them up; there were four sheep went into his house, nobody else but the drover and him.
Mr. Knowlys. Sillitoe's is very near your watch stand? - Yes.
Then he who was doing a dishonest transaction, chose of all persons upon earth to ask an honest man who was keeping the peace to help him? - Yes, he did.
Did you see the witness Wood there? - Yes; he ran by me at the time.
Did Wood at that time make any application or any complaint to you about these sheep? - No, not at all; I asked Mr. Sillitoe, says I, master are they yours? he said yes, they were; and he being a housekeeper, I obeyed his orders; I had seen Wood up and down the road sometimes, he lives in the road, about two hundred yards from Sillitoe's.
I believe Sillitoe bears as good a character in the parish as any man? - I cannot say to the contrary of that; I knew him to be in the butchering line.
Court. At the time they were driven in by Sillitoe, was anybody with him? - Only the drover.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
I was called up by Wood and Mr. Bennet's man, to go to the house of Mr. Sillitoe, concerning some sheep; I knocked at the door and Mrs. Sillitoe was in bed, she answered me, the door was in about five or six minutes opened; in the back yard four sheep were found, and I think there were one or two hogs besides, they were all alive; I cannot describe the marks of the sheep; I went afterwards to apprehend the lad Jacobs in Smithfield, I took him from the room, I said I am come to take you on account of the sheep you left at the butcher's last night in Kingsland-road; says he, I left none; Mr. Bennet has the skins to produce; Sillitoe was not at home; I left word with his wife, that he must come to the justice about five or six o'clock; Mr. Sillitoe sent for Harpur and me, to let us know he was at home; I asked him how the sheep came there, and told him that he must attend the magistrate, which he did; the next day the magistrate had a multiplicity of business and did not go on this; Sillitoe was then ordered to attend again on Saturday, but Bennett chose to have a hearing on Friday; Sillitoe attended, and he was bound over by the magistrate to be a witness on this prosecution; I told him this, that the magistrate was determined to know the rights of the business, and if he had done wrong, he must answer for it, and if not, he had nothing to fear; I thought he must know the consequence; but transportation for fourteen years was not mentioned to him; the magistrate upon hearing how they found the sheep, and how Sillitoe not being at home, and being sent for and coming; he said he thought there was nothing criminal in him, and he should admit him as a witness; he never was committed, but by a certificate after Jacobs was indicted; he always said in the presence of the lad, that he left them there for the use of one Mr. Lee, and Lee was present, and he was bound over as witness: Lee was not a witness.
Can you tell me what curious hand has contrived to have a prosecution for a felony, subjecting this man to fourteen years transportation?- I cannot tell how he was indicted, but I only know there was a certificate; the magistrate sent for me, I was at home, he asked me what I knew concerning that business; I told him how I found the sheep; for the first word the woman said to me, says she, they are not ours, but left here; I then went after the boy; the boy said he knew nothing of the sheep; but as for Sillitoe, he certainly never was in our custody one hour by warrant or otherwise, till after he was indicted.
Does not Sillitoe bear a good character? - I never knew him till this time, nor was in his house; I am constable of that very liberty where he lives, and I never knew him till this time; till he sent for me and Mr. Harper to know the business.
Have you ever heard the least charge, or the least intimation of dishonesty against this man? - I never knew him till this day; the skins are here; they were delivered to Bennet for him to kill the sheep, and he or his man has had them ever since.
Court to Bennett. Have you kept the skins? - Here is one of the skins; all the ewes were marked with red oker; one is marked head and rump, that is a woolled one; here is one that is marked down the near shoulder; this is the shorn one, marked down off the neck with red oker; this is the lamb skin, it is blued on the face.
Mr. Knowlys. Who advised you to prosecute Sillitoe? - I do not know, I took my own advice; I thought he was as much concerned as the other; I went to the magistrate and asked him for a warrant, and he granted me a warrant; I was advised by many of my friends and my masters; they said I was to blame if I did not.
Is there no person in Court who advised you to prosecute? - No Sir, only this gentleman, he said he thought we could find a bill against him.
What is that person's name? - Mr. Dalton.
Prisoner Jacobs. I leave it to my counsel.
The Prisoner Jacobs called two witnesses who gave him a good character.
Mr. Knowlys. My Lord, as to Sillitoe, I am to submit to your Lordship, that he being before the magistrate, who had a competent jurisdiction to commit or discharge, and he heard the whole evidence; he thought proper in his discretion to discharge this man, conceiving there was no evidence that could affect him in this transaction; but he bound him over to give evidence; he took his examination, he heard all the evidence he had given, and he bound him over; it was decided in the case of Mrs. Rudd, clearly, that where a person is before a magistrate, having a competent jurisdiction, clearly admitted as evidence; that they cannot be indicted for that fact, unless they have given a separate account: it was determined on that principle before the judges, that Mrs. Rudd having been examined, and having told all she knew of the transaction, could not be indicted, excepting that she varied, and on account of that variance, she was indicted; now unless they prove he gave a false account; I take it the magistrate's jurisdiction is competent.
Court. There is no examination returned from the magistrate.
Mr. Knowlys. The prisoner is not to be injured by the neglect of the justice.
Court. If you do not return his examination to me, I cannot take any notice of it.
Mr. Knowlys. There was no examination taken down; a person certifies that there was no examination; I take it the magistrate not having taken it in writing, should not prejudice this man.
Armstrong. I was present; he was bound as I tell you.
Court. Was there any examination of him taken before the magistrate? - Never, none taken in writing.
Armstrong. The magistrate asked him whether the sheep was brought there by the lad, and he said yes; then he asked mehow I found them, and I told him, and he bound him over.
Mr. Knowlys. I take it, he is not, after that to be indicted here for that offence; it clearly comes within the case of Mrs. Rudd.
Court. I am clearly of opinion it is a to be left to the jury.
Mr. Knowlys. If you think it differs from the case of Mrs. Rudd, which was solemnly argued and decided here; I am bound by that opinion; Mrs. Rudd was called before a magistrate, charged there with the fact; she there gave an account before the magistrate, which was an untrue and false one, and on that account only, the judges were of opinion that she should be indicted: here, there is no pretence that there is a variation from the truth of the story, which the man told before the magistrate; I take it he is precisely within that case.
Court. I certainly should not permit you now to examine, if there had been any examination returned, I should not permit you to examine him as to what passed before the magistrate; and you did not examine him as to that, in his original examination, and before me there is no evidence of what he said before the magistrate; if you could have made the question so as to have it saved, you could only have made it on the ground of a written examination; or on the ground of what past before the magistrate.
Mr. Knowlys. Clearly I make it on the verbal examination.
Court. I shall certainly leave it to the jury.
Prisoner Sillitoe. I leave it to my counsel.
The Prisoner Sillitoe called five witnesses who all gave him a very good character.
ABRAHAM JACOBS, 

               GUILTY
            



               Death
            .


                  MOSES
                   SILLITOE
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
