





169. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DIXON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, in the king's highway, in and upon 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Hickey
                        




                     
                  , did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person, a gold watch, value 20 l. a steel chain, value 10 d. and a cornelian stone seal set in gold, value 10 s. the property of the said Edward
            , January 20th
.


                  EDWARD
                   HICKEY
               



             sworn.
On the 20th of January about 10 o'clock, I was coming out of Drury-lane Play-house


, it was Mrs. Siddons's benefit night; I was conducting a lady into her coach, the door of which was open, and there was not the least appearance of a croud, to alarm me with the idea of pick-pockets; therefore I was totally off my guard; there were a press of people came, and shoved the lady against the wall, and in less than half a minute, I missed my watch; I did not feel it instantly; I was alarmed for the lady, who was violently pressed against the wall with myself; I followed the prisoner, he was one that seemed to be running away from the spot immediately; upon my seizing him, a woman in the street told me, that that was the man, and I committedhim to the constables, and they took him to the watch-house.
Was your watch found? - No; it was a gold watch, double cased, with a chain and seal.


                  MARIA
                   WYNNE
               



             sworn.
I live in Duke's-court, Bow-street; I was going along Russel-street; I wanted to cross the way, and could not for some coaches that were passing; the prisoner and another stood up at the Blue-posts; I heard them say, they had not met with any success in Covent-garden; they were going to Drury-lane to see what they could do there.
Which of them said that? - I cannot be positive; I turned round and looked the prisoner in the face; when I was at the door of the Rose Tavern, in Bridges-street, the prisoner and the other man came by again; at that time, this gentleman and lady came directly out, and the prisoner and two others pressed them very much, particularly the lady; they pushed her up against the wall, and she cried out; while the gentleman was handing the lady into the coach, the gentleman's hands were both up, and I saw the prisoner take the watch; I immediately told the gentleman; the prisoner attempted to run away, and I pointed him out among the coachmen.
Did he get out of your sight? - No, he was never out of my sight, from the time he took the watch till he was stopped.
Did you observe what he did with it? - I cannot be positive, I was in such a flurry.


                  JOHN
                   SHERWOOD
               



             sworn.
Upon the 20th of January, being at the play, I heard the cry of, stop thief! I went immediately; the last witness pointed out the prisoner; I took him into custody, and searched him, but found nothing upon him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been to see an acquaintance in Clare-market, and was going home; going by the corner of Bow-street, the gentleman said, he had lost his watch, and this woman said, I was the man; he seized me, and searched me, and let me go again, and a coachman said, there were three or four men ran across the street just now; I dare say they have got the watch.
Sherwood. The prisoner attempted to knock the woman down; I had the hardest matter in the world to save her.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods, but not of the robbery on the highway
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


