





402. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CROUCH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of April
, one pink silk gown, value 20 s. one pair of shoes value 12 d. one linen shirt, value 2 s. one handkerchief, value 6 d. one waistcoat, value 2 s. one pair of silk stockings, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Kingham
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   KINGHAM
               



             sworn.
I am a carrier from Esher to London
; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment from the Cock in the Haymarket


, on the 6th of April; I was employed to carry them on the 5th of April, I came up at night from Esher, and I had these parcels with others; I did not know what was in it at that time; one parcel I brought from one Mrs. Crawley, and the other two parcels from 
               
                  William
                   Crawley
               



            , I left them in the cart at the inn, and the next morning this man the prisoner got over the tops of the gates, and took them out.
But you did not see that? - No.
Only tell me what you know yourself? - I know them to be the parcels, I missed them the next morning at half after five, the prisoner was taken before I missed the parcels.


                  WILLIAM
                   COLLINS
               



             sworn.
I got up rather sooner than ordinary that morning, about twenty-five minutes past five, and as I was coming down stairs there is a window looks into the barn where the cart stood, I saw the prisoner taking three parcels out of the cart one at a time, and he laid them down on the ground till he had got the whole three out; then he took them up and run up the gateway, I came down, it was about six stairs to the door, and I saw him put one parcel under the gate, he said, here, James, take this parcel first; I said I will take you first, and I run up and caught hold of him; when I spoke to him he threw the two parcels down which he had left, the third parcel was gone; the two parcels are here.
(The things opened.)
Court to Prosecutor. You do not know what was in the parcel? - Only as the person told me that sent them.
Is that person here? - No.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I got up about half past five, I met a parcel of men that had been voting for Fox and Hood, I hallooed out, Fox for ever, and they knocked me down; then I said, Hood for ever, and then they knocked me down again, and they took my hat and threw it over the gate, and I went for it.
Court. What are you? - A bricklayer
, I have witnesses to speak for me, one Mr. Bowen.
(Mr. Bowen called, but did not appear.)
Court. Gentlemen of the Jury, these things are charged to be the property of Kingbam, for being in his care and custody, he had, in consideration of law, sufficient property to defend them against all persons but the true owner.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. BARON EYRE.
