





86. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MOUNSLOW otherwise 
HOUNSLOW




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of December
 last, two quart pewter pots, value 2 s. a pewter pint pot, value 8 d. and a half a pint pot, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Morton
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   MORTON
               



             sworn.
I am a publican; I keep the Queen's Head, Billingsgate




; I lost the pots in the indictment on the 8th of this month; I did not see the prisoner take them; I saw the prisoner in the tap-room about eleven the night before: I asked him why he did not go about his business; he said, he would when he had drank his pint of beer; in the morning, I was informed the pot was gone; I do not know how many I have; I never sold one.


                  WILLIAM
                   RILEY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the prosecutor; I drew the prisoner a pint of beer, and when he was gone I missed the pot.


                  JOHN
                   WAINWRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of Dowgate Ward; on the 18th of this month, about two in the morning, I saw the prisoner in Thames-street; he turned up Laurence Poultney-lane; I heard the sound of a pewter-pot drop when he was gone 40 or 50 yards; I immediately suspected him; I found a quart pot upon him; he said he found it in Cheapside; in his side pocket there was a quart pot, and a half pint pot; I took him to the watch-house. I took him to the public-house, and kept them ever since, and this pint pot was in his breeches.
(The pots deposed to.)
Prisoner. I was in liquor; I found the pots.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
