






637. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LARCHER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAWKINS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of September
 last, one silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Joy
                  




               
            .
The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoners.


                  FRANCIS
                   JOY
               



             sworn.
I lost my handkerchief on the 27th of September, about twelve o'clock at noon, between the corner of Chancery-lane


, and Temple-bar


, I was walking up Fleet-street towards Temple-bar; I was accosted by a man who asked me if I had not lost my handkerchief, I felt, and told him yes; he said he believed he could shew me the two lads: he pointed to them at a considerable distance before me. We followed them, and lost sight of them about half a minute or something more, they turned up Symonds-inn, and when I came to the turning into Symonds-inn, a woman informed me a lad was run up to some chambers, which were then under repairs, and I believe, uninhabited; I went up stairs with a stranger or two, and met the prisoner Hawkins, whom I charged with having picked my pocket, which he denied; I searched his pockets, but could not find my handkerchief, I brought him down stairs. I met Stapleton at the foot of the stairs, who had got the prisoner Larcher, and likewise the handkerchief which I had lost.
Court. Can you, or not, say whether Hawkins whom you took on the stairs, was one of the men that you saw going up Chancery-lane? - I am positive he was one.
Was Larcher the other? - I am sure he was, I am positive to both of them.


                  JOHN
                   STAPLETON
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter, I was standing in Fleet-street about twelve o'clock on Sunday, I saw the prisoners running after different people; presently I saw one cross to the other, and they joined, and the man followed this gentlemen, and took his handkerchief, as I believed, out of his pocket, I did not see the handkerchief, but I saw the motion of putting the hands under his coat: I asked the gentleman if he had lost any thing, he said yes. The man went up Chancery-lane, the one that picked the pocket was first, the other ran after him, they turned into Symonds-inn, one ran up a stair-case, and he that took the handkerchief ran through the inn into Bowling-pin alley; I missed sight of him; and that moment he throw the handkerchief away, and the next witness took it up, and gave it to me; he saw him throw it away.
Court. How long did you lose him? - I lost him about a minute; he was taken by himself, he threw the handkerchief away, and the gentleman was at the other end of the alley, and he laid hold of him.
Did you know these lads before? - I have seen one many a time.
Which was the person that actually picked the pocket? - Larcher, but they were both in company.


                  CHARLES
                   JOHN STEVENSON
               




sworn.
I saw Larcher throw the handkerchief away in the passage, I ran after him, and Stapleton stopped him. (The constable produced the handkerchief.)
Court. What did you do with the handkerchief? - I kept it in my possession for some time, then I gave it to the constable; but I swear to the handkerchief, particularly by a spot of ink on it, which I wiped off my writing desk, and the colours are very much run, I am positive it is mine.
PRISONER LARCHER's DEFENCE.
This man has been convicted here himself, and one Barnet can prove it who is here; as I was going up Chancery-lane, this young man asked me the way to Staples-inn, I told him I believed that was it. This gentleman followed me, and Stapleton laid hold of me, and said I had picked a gentleman's pocket; he searched me, I had no handkerchief but my own; he said he saw me do it: he took me to the gentleman, the gentleman said he did not know any thing of it; he said he would send me to the Compter, and send me for a soldier or a sailor. I have not a friend in the world.
PRISONER HAWKINS's DEFENCE.
I went up to No. 4, Symonds-inn, with a letter for my father.
The witness Stapleton said he never was convicted, nor was ever in Newgate, only to look through the bars for a prisoner; that he worked for Mr. Payne two years, and kept a house in the city; and that the prisoners were taken on board the tender, but they would not keep hem.
Jury to Stapleton. Which was it that you saw dip at the pocket? - Larcher.
Were they both together? - Both as close as could be, one behind the other.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
