





404. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HAWKINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of April
, four sheets, value 20 s. two blankets, value 8 s. one large brass mortar, value 2 s. one pestle, value 12 d. two candlesticks, value 3 s. twenty pounds weight of bacon, value 4 s. four and a half yards of cloth, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Sanders
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   SANDERS
               



             sworn.
The prisoner at the bar came the 2d of April to my house, and asked for a lodging, he brought some meat in his hand, he said, he had been making particular enquiry about me, my wife broiled his meat for supper, he went to bed about dusk, I was busy at work; when I came in I told my wife he locked more like a thief than any thing else; he behaved very well that day and the next night; which was Saturday night, he went to bed very soon, and he got up that night and went out, my wife heard him.
You did not hear him? - No, I did not, on Sunday the I got up very early, he had opened the door, one of which was locked and barred; when I got up I found the door open where he slept, I thought he was a thief, and the things were taken that is mentioned in the indictment, and from the mantle-piece over the tap-room he had taken a very large brass pestle and mortar, and a pair of large candlesticks, I searched a little further in my hurry before I had any clothes upon me; he bespoke a bit of bacon to keep him the next week, instead of which he had stolen all the bacon, and there was a parcel of pieces of linen put up in an old pillow case; there were three beds in the room he slept in, he had one to himself, one was empty, and the other a poor old man of fourscore laid in, there were four sheets and two blankets; when I came down in the morning, the door was unlocked, and he gone, and all the things gone, and the door shut after him, it was unbolted, the bar down, and the bolts drawn; I happened to go to Brentford market, and saw the prisoner; I found none of the things, the prisoner was taken up on the Tuesday following, about eleven, I took him near Turnham Green, going into the country; I took him to the Pack-horse; the first thing I said was, here you are, I have been many a mile after you, and I will swear to you, he said nothing, but hung down his head.


                  THOMAS
                   WATKINS
               



             sworn.
I know nothing but stopping him on the road, he owned in coming at the top of the coach that he had the man's things, and that he had sold them.
Was there any promises made use of? - No, he said he had no accomplices, that he took away the things himself, and had sold them.
Did not you tell him it would be better for him to confess? - I did not, and these things were found upon him at Bow-street Office, this cord, and here is a picklock key.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The man took four guineas and a half from me, when I got up in the morning and the door was unbolted at the foot of the stairs, I heard a man in the back room, I thought it was the landlord, I got up at four in the morning, I called and had no answer, I paid the landlord over night, and went away in the morning without any answer at all; I have no witnesses.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 20 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
