







170. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BURLEY
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BENSON
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOWARD
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th day of December
 last, eight pewter dishes, value 15 s. and five pewter plates, value 3 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Oakley
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   OAKLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a ship's agent
. I transact business for the coasting vessels. I had a cask of pewter lying on Dice-quay


, on the 24th of December. I had left it there, and happened to be at about a hundred yards distance from the quay. A person came up to me, and asked me if there was any thing lying on the quay that I could lose; I said no, nothing but a cask of pewter; he said he saw a man come away with something in his apron. I then went to the quay with my servant, and I saw Burley. We followed him; and he threw some pewter out of his apron; my man pursued him; I picked it up, and carried it back to the quay; by the time I had picked it up, they took two more men. I picked up five dishes.


                  JOHN
                   BACON
               



             sworn.
I am a lighterman. On the 24th of December, I had loaded some butter at the alley near to Temple-stairs, which is near to Dice-quay. I was watching my butter, and I saw the three prisoners, and some others, lurking about. After my people had brought the butter to the top of the alley, I saw two of the prisoners, and another man, who is not with them, come up the alley with something in their aprons; when they saw me, they were shy, and turned back again, and came down the gateway of Dice-ally. I followed them, and I caught one of them by the skirt of his jacket; he dropped three dishes, and run away. The prisoner, Howard, crept under a cart-tail; and I began to hollow out, and he dropped three dishes. A man followed him, and took him; after that, Benson came with some in his apron, which he dropped, and he was taken.

ROBERT SHAWE sworn.
On hearing Mr. Bacon cry out stop thief, I followed Howard; he dropped some pewter; he was stopped, and I brought him back, and he was taken into custody.


                  SAMUEL
                   SCOTT
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner, Burley. He ran for about a hundred yards, and dropped the pewter, before I took him; I saw him drop it.


                  DAVID
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
On hearing Mr. Bacon cry out, I took the prisoner, Benson; he had dropped the pewter from his apron.


                  PHILIP
                   SHAVING
               



             sworn.
I was at work for Mr. Bacon, and I saw the prisoners lurking about on Dice-quay. There was another man with them, who is not yet taken. I saw the prisoner, Burley, cut the hoops off the cask; and all the three prisoners put some of the pewter in their aprons.
Court to Oakley. Did you go immediately to look at the cask? - No, my Lord, I was employed in picking up the pewter. I afterwards went and looked, and found the hoops had been cut.
The prisoners, in their defence, said they picked it up as they were coming from work.
ALL THREE 

               GUILTY
            .
Each to be 




               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
