





268. 
               
                  
                     OWEN 
                     M'OWEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of April
, one wooden butt, value 15 s. the goods and chattles of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Calvert
                        



                     
                  , Esq

; and Co. and one other wooden butt, value 20 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Whitbread
                  



               
            , Esq.


                  JOHN
                   FOSTER
               



             sworn.
I belong to Mr. Calvert's brewhouse in Whitecross-street, on the 16th of April, Mr. Fletcher, one of our coopers, was going up Holborn, and he saw a man cradleing a butt into a private house; I saw the butt afterwards, and it is Messrs. Calvert's; the other butt is Mr. Whitbread's by the mark; we took the prisoner on the 16th of April, and he confessed, that he took the butt from a house that we had served.
Court. What conversation passed that introduced that confession? - After I had seen the butt I returned home, and took a Mr. Vaughan, where we were told he bought it; I got two of the men from Litchfield-street, and the man who bought the butt pitched upon the prisoner; Vaughan is not here, we went back to the office, when we came there, Vaughan was examined, and I believe would have been committed, had not Mr. Barnfathen gone away.
How was the confession introduced, was it before the Justice or in your compting house? - It was both, he confessed it immediately that he sold them there, as a perquisite to one of our coopers, which was an intire falsehood.
Was that as soon as he was taken? - Yes.
Then when he was taken, I take it for granted he was charged with this theft? Yes.
And he said, he sold it as a perquisite? - Yes.
Did the prisoner attend your brewery at all? - He has been off and on.
Court. But there is no such perquisite? Not as he reported, there is a perquisite which publicans have frequently, on application to the brewery for water butts.
There had been no such order in this? Never any such application, these were very good butts, they were fit for use in the brewery.


                  WILLIAM
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
I happened to be at home the day the agreement was made for these butts, an agreement with the prisoner at the bar, and two others.
Who are these others? - I cannot say, but I believe the prisoner at the bar to be one; the agreement was, that the person in the top room should ask Mr. Vaughan, whether he could assist him to get a water butt, and Vaughan said, it did not belong to him, it belonged to the porter brewery; then the prisoner, or one of the others spoke, and said, you are in right time, for our cooper can assist you with one: Now Mr. Vaughan asked the price, and was answered five shillings, I am sure the prisoner was one of the persons, Mr. Vaughan said, give my compliments to Mr. Stockall the cooper, of Mr. Calvert's brewhouse, and desire him to send me two; Mr. Vaughan tuned to me, and said, if I am not in the way Mr. Hall, you be so kind to pay for them; and I made answer yes, that was all that passed.


                  HENRY
                   READ
               



             sworn.
I was the person, that wanted a water butt, and I did not know who to apply to, and I spoke to Vaughan, and he said he could not, I should apply to the brewer, there was two or three brewers servants in the house, one of them answered you have spoke in right time master; I can help you to one.
Court. Who was it that said that? - I cannot certainly say it was the prisoner; I turned about and said, you help me to one, do you sell water butts? he said no master, I do not deal in them, but our cooper has got some old butts to sell, he mentioned the cooper's name, Stockall, I told him he was an utter stranger to me, nor would I buy a butt of him, I would have no concerns with him; Mr. Vaughan, immediately applies to him, did not you say, Mr. Stockall has got some by him to sell; he said, yes, at five shillings a piece, and Mr. 
               
                  Vaughan
               


             I desired him he would order him a couple, as he wanted one himself; about four days after this Mr. Hall informed me the two butts were come, I said, I would have one, and I saw Mr. Vaughan, and he said, you may pay Mr. Hall, for he paid for them, and I sent for a cooper to cradle it for me, and he did not: I paid five shillings, and had the butt delivered into my yard; about two o'clock Mr. Foster came and told me the butt was stolen, and I told him I bought it, and shewed him where the other was.


                  JOSEPH
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Whitbread, on the 16th of February, I went by Foster's information to Vaughan's house, and saw the butts, it was Mr. Whitbread's, there was his mark on it; Stockall has been our cooper these twenty years, he knew nothing of the matter.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never sold the butts, my Lord, this Mr. Vaughan's yard was a place where we used to drive butts very often, he used to deal with us for sower boor.
Court. Then you never told Mr. Foster and Jackson, that you had sold them for Mr. Stockall? - I told Mr. Foster that I left them in the yard, it was Saturday night, and we could not take them home.
Court to Foster. Did you serve that person? - Yes, here is the person that paid me for the butts.


                  SARAH
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came into my house, and demanded ten shillings of me for two butts he had left in Mr. Vaughan's yard; he said, he must have the money, for the cooper would be angry, with that I put the ten shillings down on the table, and he took it up.
Court to Prisoner. Have you any witnesses? - I can have characters plenty, I can apply to Mr. Foster for my character.
Mr. Foster. We never had any suspicion of him before.



               GUILTY
            ,




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice NARES.
