





851. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of August
 last, fifteen yards of sattinet, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Townshend
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   TOWNSHEND
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of August, about three, I missed a piece of sattinet from my window, and the two witnesses came to my house to know if I had missed any thing.
Court. Is your's an open shop window? - No, it is closed; I did not see the prisoner in the shop.


                  NATHAN
                   NATHAN
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of August, I was coming down Shoemaker-row, and saw the prisoner and another man running down Shoemaker-row with a bundle, I suspected he had stole it; I went to 
               
                  Levy
               


             the officer, and informed him, and we both followed them and took them in II undsditch; when I stopped him he dropped the bundle and said, here is your property and let me go; I did not know whose property it was till we enquired, and the first shop we asked at was Mr. Townshend's, and he owned it, and said he had been robbed four or five times before, we afterwards sealed it up at Guildhall, and it is in possession of the constable.
Prisoner. Ask him if ever he saw me near the place? - No, on searching him we found a pair of pistols in his pocket.


                  DAVID
                   LEVY
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of August, I was informed by Nathan about the prisoner, and I went to him and asked him what he had, and he dropped the property and said, now I may go about my business; this is the same man.
(The sattinet deposed to.)
Court. What is the value of this at a low valuation? - It cost me fifty shillings.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A man ran by me, and he left that piece of sattinet, a man came up and said I took it, I have witnesses.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
