





699. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July
, a mahogany card table, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Arthur
               




            .


                  THOMAS
                   DIXON
               



             sworn.
I am porter to Mr. Arthur; while Iwent in for another table to tie on this, to carry home, it was stolen; I never saw the table after, nor in the hands of the prisoner.


                  ROBERT
                   ORFORD
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Brooks, in Holborn; about two o'clock on the 9th of July, the prisoner asked me to buy a table; I told him to let me see it, and if it suited me I would buy it; I sent him for it, he brought it, and I asked him where the fellow of it was; he said he was making of it, it would be finished in about a fortnight; I gave him a guinea for this, and agreed to give him a guinea and a half for the other.
(The table produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Some time in July I was drinking with a young man; there came a man and asked the landlord of the house to buy a table, and then he applied to me, and I gave him fifteen shillings and a pot of beer for it; he asked eighteen shillings for it.


                  CATHERINE
                   WYNNE
               



             sworn.
I went to Long-acre about some business, in June; I was coming home and two young men tapped at a window; and I went in and drank two glasses of cyder, It was at Southampton-buildings; the prisoner was there; I knew him before, and there was a man came in with a table; I cannot recollect what kind of table, it was a kind of mahogany; I am not sure the number of shillings he gave him for it; but he gave some shillings and took the table, and said he would send a man for it, for his arm was tied up; I knew the prisoner at that time; I lived in a house with his father in Union-court.
Did you never live in a house with this man? - No, never was at his house; he sent for me two or three days ago; the prisoner never slept in his father's house that I know of.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
