





619. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     MANNING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of July
 last, two brass locks, value 7 s. five iron locks, value 8 s. a steel clock spring, value 2 s. nine pieces of brass, value 2 s. a part of an engine for cutting watch caps, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jesse 
                     Horwood
                  




               
            .


                  JESSE
                   HORWOOD
               



             sworn.
On the 7th of July on Sunday morning about six o'clock, I took the prisoner with something which will be produced on his back; the prisoner lodged at my house about two days, the prisoner was coming down stairs with his knapsack full of things, he is a soldier
; there were two together, one of them went first, which was discharged here last sessions; I insisted that the prisoner had some of my things, I presented a blunderbuss to him and he tried to take it out of my hand, and we had a great struggle, and I cried out thieves and robbers and people came in to my assistance, I stopped him and sent to Bow-street, and they sent down a constable and searched the house immediately, in the knapsack I found many useful things which were all mine; the things mentioned in the indictment were sold at Westminster at Mr. Franklin's, who keeps an old iron shop: the prisoner would not confess any thing; by the other man's directions I found the things.


                  CHARLES
                   FRANKLIN
               



             sworn.
The things in the knapsack were found in my house; two men came on Saturday the 17th of some month, I cannot charge my memory; one of the men seemed to be like a soldier, I know the man that was tried before, the prisoner is the other man, he is greatly altered, but that is the man; I came in while they were selling something to my man, my man bid him 5 s. for them, I offered them 5 s. 9 d. one said I will be damned if you shall have them, then they returned and sold them for 5 s. 9 d. they consist of old iron, and brass and locks, and several things.
Court. Tell particularly what they are. - Here are the things mentioned in the indictment, the brass locks and iron locks, here is a part of the engine.
Court to Horwood. What may these things be worth? - They may be worth 30 s. they are all mine.
Court to Franklin. These men appeared like soldiers? - One of them had coloured cloaths on.
They were both strangers to you? - Yes.
How came you to buy a variety of articles of these strangers worth 30 s. for 5 s. 9 d.? - To me, to sell again, they are not worth the money: I deal in all sorts of metal.
Court. And with all sorts of people.
Jury. I would give him 5 s. for one of the locks.
Court. If you had stood at that bar, indicted for receiving these goods, on this evidence, that jury I have no doubt would have convicted you; I advise you to be more careful for the future: receivers make thieves.


                  THOMAS
                   SHIRLEY
               



             sworn.
I had a search warrant from Sir Sampson Wright, and found these things.
PRISONER.
The other man lodged in the house before I came; I was below cleaning my cloaths for duty, I went into the room and he had these things in his knapsack, he bid me bring one, and he took the other, we went to Mr. Franklin's and sold the things: and on the Sunday morning this gentleman clapped a blunderbuss to my breast and stopped me, I laid down the knapsack, and he promised not to hurt us if we told him where the property was, and we did: there is nobody to my character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
