






57. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  DAVID 
                  BIRMINGHAM
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of November
 last, five printed bound books in quarto; value 30 s. and one other printed book bound, in quarto, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hayes
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   HAYES
               



             sworn.
I am a book-seller
 in Holborn


, the books charged in the indictment were in my shop window, on the 28th of November, they were the five first volumes of Olivet's Edition of Cicero, the whole quantity were in the window, and a first volume of Hooke's 
               
                  Roman
                   History
               



             in quarto; I missed them on the 19th, I then with a friend, made some enquiry at different pawnbrokers at that part of the town, where I thought they might be offered for sale, on my return I called at a book-seller's shop in Middle Row, St. Giles's; Mr. Rushton's, who is my next witness, and immediately as I entered the shop, I saw the first volume of Cicero lay on the counter, he told me, the person who brought it for sale, said he had other volumes, and he offered them to him for sale, and he told him to go and fetch the remainder, and he expected him in a quarter of an hour, in that time the two prisoners came in with the remainder of the books; I found there the first volume of Hooke, which I understood from Mr. Rushton's wife, he had purchased before.
Court. Had you any marks in your books? - These books were not marked, but the singularity of the binding renders them beyond a doubt, I can swear to them, that word Olivet has been lettered under the first lettering piece, owing to a mistake that was made.
Have you any mark in your books that Mr. Rushton might know them to be yours? - No.
Court. What is the value of the set? - About four guineas I marked them in my catalogue.
- RUSHTON sworn.
I am a book-seller, on the 29th of November, the prisoner, Birmingham, brought the first volume of Hooke's 
               
                  Roman
                   History
               



            , for which I gave him eighteen-pence.
Did he say how he came by it? - He did not say, he said he was in distress and wanted money, and it was all he had, he was decent, and I did not imagine it was stole, it is valued at two shillings, soon after he came again and brought the first volume of Cicero, he said, he had some more at home, I told him, I could not buy them, unless I saw the whole to know whether it was compleat, for it was a book I was not acquainted with, I had never seen the book before; he then left the first volume on the counter, and said he would go and fetch the rest, they were in the possession of a young man. In the mean time Mr. Hayes, the prosecutor came in, I told him, and he waited in my back room: when the prisoner Birmingham returned, the prisoner Johnson came with him; Mr. Hayes immediately went out and fetched a constable, whilst I kept them.
Did they say, when they were there, how they came by them? - No, they did not; Mr. Hayes's friend was in the shop with me, they said they came honestly by them, that they bought them of a man in Wapping.
Did they both say so? - Johnson particularly said so before the constable came.
Are you particular in that, that Johnson said they had bought them in Wapping? - He said so in the shop.
In the shop when they were stopped and apprehended, did Johnson say he knew nothing about the matter, and had nothing to do with it? - No, he did not.
Prisoner Johnson. I bought them in Wapping, and gave eight shillings for them.
Court to Rushton. Did not you entertain some suspicion when you saw such a man as this bring you some Latin books, how could he come by Latin books? - I did after he was gone, I rather began to think he had stole them, and when he came back again I did not intend to buy them.


                  JOHN
                   MARSOM
               



             sworn.
Mr. Hayes called on me on the 29th in the morning, I went round with him to the Pawn-brokers, and we called at Rushton's; he informed us as you have heard, and we waited till the two prisoners came in, I then went into the shop, Mr. Hayes went for an officer; I looked at the books, and asked Johnson what he expected for the books; Johnson said, half a guinea; I observed they were Latin, I said, did he read Latin; he said, no, he could not read Latin; I then said they were not compleat, there were other volumes of the work, and it was extraordinary he should have books he could not read, I asked him where he got them, he said, he bought them of a man in Wapping the night before, he said he did not know who he was, he believed he was a smuggler, he bought them in the street; this was merely for the purpose of amusing them till Mr. Hayes returned with an officer, I then expressed my suspicions, that they were not honestly come by, he said he gave eight shillings for them, then Mr. Hayes, came in, and they were taken before the justice. I believe Birmingham was the person who brought the books, but I do not recollect he said a word about them; Johnson was the man that said he had bought them, and described the manner of them before the justice; Johnson said, a man offered him the books in Wapping, and that Birmingham told him they were valuable, and persuaded him to buy them, that he might get something by them; they were there examined apart: Birmingham said they bought them at Wapping, they disagreed in the time, one said they were up at Holborn with them at six o'clock, and the other at ten, they described their lodgings very differently, one said they lay together in the same bed, and the other, that they lodged in the same street in separate rooms.
Court to Mr. Hayes. What is the value of these books? - To me they are of much more value than to another; I have valued them at thirty shillings, I thought I could not do less.
PRISONER JOHNSON's DEFENCE.
I was coming up Wapping, and I met a man accidentally, he asked me to buy these books, he asked me eight shillings, and I gave him eight shillings, I then came home to bed, I sent Birmingham the next morning to see if he could sell them; my sister maintains me at present.
PRISONER BIRMINGHAM's DEFENCE.
I carried the books for this man, I thought to dispose of them, Johnson told me he would pay me for my trouble; the first shop I came to, I said, she did not belong to me; I sold the first for eighteen pence, and gave this man the money.
Court. Who did you sell them for? - For this man, and gave him the money.
The prisoner Johnson called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.


                  JAMES
                   JOHNSON
               



            , 
               
                  DAVID
                   BIRMINGHAM
               



            ,




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of four shillings and six-pence
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
