





406. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     RIDLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of May
, fourteen silver table-spoons, value 30 s. and six silver desert-spoons, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Lockhart
               




            , Esq.




                  JAMES
                   LOCKHART
               



            , junior, sworn.
On Sunday the 17th of May the prisoner waited upon me at dinner, he was a servant
 to my father; after dinner he ran away, the next morning I knew he was gone, and there were missing twenty silvertable-spoons; he lived with my father about a month.


                  JOHN
                   BATEMAN
               



             sworn.
The prisoner, to the best of my knowledge, came to my shop; I am a silversmith in Red Lion-street, Whitechapel, I think it was the 20th, I am not positive, it was about dinner, between one and two, he produced a silver spoon, and said he wanted to sell it; I weighed it, and gave him five shillings an ounce for it; he went away, and in a short time brought five more; then I observed a crest upon them, and I asked him whose crest it was; he shook his head, and said it was his own crest; I weighed them, and paid him for them, and then he went away; the next morning on looking over the papers, I saw these same spoons advertised in the papers, I went to Bow-street, and met, I think, young Mr. Lockhart there.
Court. Are you sure the prisoner is the man who brought the spoons to you? - To the best of my knowledge I think it is the same man, I believe he is the person.
Have you any doubt about it? - He was not in this dress at all.
Have you any doubt whether it is the man or not? - I think I have no reason to doubt but it is the same person.
Do you doubt? - No, I do not doubt but it is the same person.
(The spoons produced and deposed to.)
Did this man, coming a second time with five more spoons, give you no suspicion? - Yes; on that account I went to Bow-street, thinking he lived in our neighbourhood, but I never saw him before in my life.
Court. It is very unguarded to buy such things of strangers? - It is very often done.
It ought not to be done, and you should bear in memory the case of the silversmith in the Strand; your business ought to be conducted with great caution, in buying old silver, both for your own sake and the sake of the public.


                  WILLIAM
                   THURSTON
               



             sworn,
I am servant to Mr. Payne. pawnbroker in Bloomsbury; I took this spoon of the prisoner at the bar on Monday the 18th of May; I am sure it was the prisoner.
(Deposed to.)


                  DAVID
                   LLOYED
               



             sworn.
I produce a table spoon which I received of the prisoner on Monday; it was pledged by him.
(Deposed to.)
Prosecutor. We have only recovered these eight, but the prisoner has confessed where the rest are.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, but to beg my master's mercy, and the mercy of the Court; I have no witnesses.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
Court to Prisoner. Your master has shewn you as much lenity as you deserve in not indicting you capitally; the crime of a servant robbing his master is so aggravated, that I am sure if you had been capitally convicted, I should not have recommended you to his Majesty's mercy.




[Transportation. See summary.]


