






144. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Sutton
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of six in the evening, on the 26th day of December
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one silver watch, value 20 s.
             his property.


                  EMANUEL
                   FRANKLIN
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Sutton, I was at work in the shop, and a pane of glass was broke in, I immediately cried out stop thief, I did not see any thing taken away, I saw a man, who is the prisoner, about two doors off run away, I run after him down a place called the Dark-entry, which leads into Dukes-place, I then lost him, I went back and found there were four watches gone; I was directly opposite, the glass flew in my face which caused me to fall backwards; I am certain he is the man I pursued, there were two lamps in the passage: The watch was brought the next day to my master to repair, it was left with me, there was the foot-hold out; the man that brought it said he lived in Cable-street.
Was the prisoner taken up? - Yes, the next day.
Where was the prisoner taken? - At the Black-boy in Catherine-alley.
What did he say? - He said he found it, and sold it to 
               
                  Moses
                   Israel
               



            .
Who has got the watch? - I gave it to 
               
                  David
                   Levy
               



            .
Is that the same watch? - Yes.


                  DAVID
                   LEVY
               



             sworn.
Have you got the watch? - Yes.
Who gave it you? - The plaintiff's servant.
(The watch produced and deposed to.)


                  William
                   Sutton
               



            . The watch was upon a hook near the glass that was broke.
What sort of window was it to your shop? - It was a long flat window.
Did it project out from the house? - No, it was quite even with the front.


                  MOSES
                   ISRAEL
               



             sworn.
I keep an old-iron shop and old clothes shop, last Monday fortnight about seven in the evening, I bought this watch for eighteen shillings; I put it in my pocket, going to market I came to a watch-maker's and carried it to have it mended, I did not know any thing of the shop, I was quite innocent of the affair.
Do you know any thing of the man you bought it of? - Yes, I never saw him before in my life, I think I should know him.
Look and see if you can see him now? - To the best of my knowledge that is the man.
Can you be sure of it? - I am pretty sure this is the man, I cannot rightly say.


                  JUDITH
                   ISRAEL
               



             sworn.
A young man came and sold a watch to us, I believe this was the person, I cannot say for certainty, I never saw him but once.
Court to Franklin. Who was present when the prisoner acknowledged selling the watch to Israel? - My master, and the constable, and I.
Levy. The prisoner said he sold it for twelve shillings before the Justice, Israel said he gave eighteen for it, says the boy, you gave no more than twelve.


                  WILLIAM
                   WHITEWAY
               



             sworn.
I was called upon, I think it was the day after the robbery, by the prosecutor, to go and search for the man that sold the watch, I went with Mrs. Israel and she picked him out; I do not recollect he said any thing before the Justice, he acknowledged selling it to Israel for twelve shillings.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I came up to receive my prize-money, coming over London bridge, I kicked this watch before me, I immediately run on and said I had found a watch, and the young man went and sold it for eighteen shillings, and gave me the money.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
