






422. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FIELD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     VALENTINE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th day of February
 last, thirteen penny weights of gold, value 2 l. 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Morrison
                  



               
            , 
               
                  Robert 
                  Lukin
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Lukin
                  



               
            .
A second count, For feloniously stealing, on the 2d day of February, one ounce three grains of gold, value 3 l. 16 s.
A third count, For feloniously stealing, on the 15th day of March, one ounce two penny weights and three grains of gold value 4 l. 1 s.
A fourth count, For feloniously stealing, on the 13th day of April, one ounce two penny weights and three grains of gold, value 3 l. 16 s. 6 d.
A fifth count, For feloniously stealing, on the 18th day of April, five penny weights of gold, value 20 s. their property.


                  ROBERT
                   LUKIN
               



             sworn.
I am in partnership with Mr. 
               
                  James
                   Morrison
               



            , and 
               
                  Charles
                   Lukin
               



            ; I am a jeweller


; Valentine is our apprentice
, Field works at so much a week; on Easter Monday, I suspected Valentine, judging I had lost property by the state of our gold book; on Easter Tuesday we called Field down into the counting house; I went up stairs first to send down his father-in-law who works at the shop, I remained there, that in case Field should have any thing about him he might have no opportunity to get rid of it; as soon as the father-in-law was made acquainted with it, my brother-in-law came and fetched me; I followed down stairs as soon as Field was ordered down; and observed him put his hand under his apron, and I then observed him draw his hand out shut; I said to my brother, as we crossed the yard, he has something in his hand which he seemed to wish to get rid of; as soon as he was in the counting house, my brother laid hold of his hand, and asked him what was in it; upon opening his hand, there was a paper in it, with gold chips, as we term them, or cuttings; as soon as he found he was detected with them, we asked him how he came by them, his answer was, that Jack had given them to him.
Who was Jack? - When 
               
                  William
                   Valentine
               



             came into our family, we had another boy of the same name, for which reason, he was called Jack, he has ever since gone by that name, though his name is William; he then upon being questioned further about the matter, said, that Valentine had put this paper in a secret place, with the gold in it, for him to carry away, that he had repeatedly done so, and that there was some of it concealed under the stairs in the kitchen, in Field's father-in-law's house; we desired then to go and search his father-in-law's lodgings; which we did, with another person; Field went with us; we found some of it under the stairs as he described it; he does not lodge there; we then went to the prisoner Field's lodgings, and there we found other pieces of paper full of the same kind of chips, which quantity is I suppose about the quantity or rather more than stated in the indictment; in the whole of the chips about five penny weights; he continued to tell the same story, that Valentine had secreted these papers for him to carry away; in consequence of which we took an officer and searched for Valentine, and we found him at his father's; we brought him home that night, it was then eleven or near upon it; we locked him up in a room in the house.
Did he understand that he was in custody of the constable? - I cannot say; the next morning they were both examined at the office in Litchfield-street.
Had you any conversation with him the morning before he went to Litchfield-street? - None at all; the next morning at the Justice's, Field told the same story he told us, and upon my asking Valentine, whether he had not at times put up the small pieces of gold in three pieces of paper, and put in a secret place for this man to carry away, he said, he had; he was then questioned as to the quantity that had been sold; he said, at one time he had received so much, and at another time so much; the magistrate desired they might be kept in custody, and that Mr. Cox might attend; the day following they were examined again, and repeated the same story, they said they were sold at Mr. Albion Cox's; we suspected he had no opportunity of getting rid of the gold out of the paper, and some of it was on the matt in particular at the counting house door, and that was the only part of the gold I saw.
(Produced and deposed to.)
Mr. Garrow. That stair case was the only staircase for all the work folks? - Yes.
Have not you told this boy that you would not proceed against him, or give him some hopes of mercy? - Yes, Sir, it amounted to that, he begged we would forgive him; I answered him, that the only hope he could have for any lenity, was that he would make an open and candid confession of all he knew.
In consequence he went with you, and did as you have stated, under the impression of that promise of your's? - Undoubtedly.
Did not you send a letter to Valentine's father when he was out on Easter Monday that you would not receive him again? - Yes; he did not absent himself that day from any consciousness of this subject; the father told me he had found him; there was no promise made him to induce him to confess.
How old is Valentine? - Nineteen, he said he was; Field is twenty three.
With respect to Valentine, did you make him any promises? - No.
Mr. Garrow. Was there any thing said either by you or your brother to Field, in the presence of Valentine, which could induce him to expect the same? - No, nothing.


                  THOMAS
                   PARSONS
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Mr. Cox and Mould, in Little Britain, refiners; I know Field; he lived with a jeweller; I have seen him a great many times at our house; he came there to sell gold.
(The account produced.)
Mr. Garrow. Did I hear you right, that you knew this boy to live with a jeweller? - Yes.
Was this brought to you in the usual state in which jewellers sell commodities to you? - Oh, yes; in the same way; the jewellers and goldsmiths, they trust their boys with gold, to the amount of three or four hundred pounds.
Whose name was this sold in? - It was sold in the name of Appleman, who I understood to be this lad's father-in-law.
Did you believe this was a fair transaction? - Yes.
I believe you bought Sir Robert Ladbrooke's chain? - I did not.
PRISONER FIELD'S DEFENCE.
This is my own my master took.
PRISONER VALENTINE'S DEFENCE.
When my master came to my father, and found me there, he took me to the Globe, in the Strand; I went in, and there was one Mannell; Mr. 
               
                  Charles
                   Lukin
               



             brought a blanket to cover me; at the same time they searched me; I knew not for what; and all the profession I made at the Justice's was, that 
               
                  James
                   Field
               



             had said so and so, and if I did not say the same, I should be hanged; and therefore I said as he did.
The prisoner Field called six witnesses who gave him an exceeding good character.
The prisoner Valentine called seven witnesses, who gave him an exceeding good character.
BOTH 


               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Both recommended by the Jury.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
