






691. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     POPPLEWELL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     OWEN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of August
 last, one wooden case, value 3 s. eighteen case knives, value 2 s. eighteen table forks, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Creed
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   BIGG
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Creed; I have a case of knives and forks which was in the front parlour in my master's house, on the sideboard, it was the 5th of August I believe, I saw it there on Sunday, I missed it about four o'clock in the afternoon; it was found under the wall on the backside of the house; I was eating my dinner and the alarm was given; a little girl came and rang at the gate, I got up from my dinner and one of the knife boxes was gone, and one stood in the window; I ran across the field and got into the next field, and I took one of them just against Haggerston; I took Owen, the other ran on before through Kingsland, I called stop thief! nobody stopped him; he was taken that night by the constables; this was about a mile from my master's house.
Was any body running after them when you first saw them? - Nobody at all.


                  MARTHA
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn.
Court. How old are you? - Fourteen.
Do you know the consequence of taking a false oath? - Yes.
What is the consequence? - Doing wrong.
Then I hope you will not do wrong now, but speak the truth? - Yes, I saw one of these boys, Popplewell, the inside of Mr. Creed's court yard, on a Wednesday, about a quarter past four o'clock; the other was outside the court-yard, and took the things over; Popplewell gave the things over to Owen; the parlour window was on the jar, I was against the rails before the house; I was going into the fields and I saw them.
Did they see you? - Yes, after they gave these things to the other boy, they were taking the other case out of the window; they run away the moment they saw me, I went and rang the bell, I saw the gentlewoman herself, and I told her the boys were taking the things out of the window.
What became of the case? - It was dropped under the brick wall, I saw them take it away, and they lifted it over and dropped it under the brick wall; I did not see them drop it.
(The knife case deposed to.)
PRISONER OWEN'S DEFENCE.
I am fourteen years old, I never saw the girl before, I was taking a walk round, and some boys came up to me, and said there was a mad bull, and presently a gentleman pursued me and took me back; the girl said, she did not positively know me at first; at last they persuaded her to it.
PRISONER POPPLEWELL'S DEFENCE.
I never saw Owen, and was not near the place, I was in no fault at all, I was at home working, I never saw the girl in my life.
Court to Stevens. Had you ever seen them boys before? - No.
Are you sure these are the boy

s? - Yes, I am.


                  THOMAS
                   POPPLEWELL
               



            , 
               
                  JOHN
                   OWEN
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
