





455. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STONE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th day of April
 last, five linen shirts, value 50 s. seven cambrick neck handkerchiefs, value 7 s. four white cambrick pocket handkerchiefs, value 8 s. two linen handkerchiefs, value 4 s. one pair of black sattin breeches, value 30 s. a black sattin waistcoat, value 30 s. one pair of nankeen breeches, value 10 s. two pair of shoes, value 12 s. one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 40 s. one pair of stone knee buckles fit in silver, value 15 s. one pair of black silk stockings, value 5 s. one ivory German flute set in silver, value 7 l. one yard and a half of linen cloth, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Martin 
                     Madan
                  




               
            , Esq
.
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  AMELIA
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I am laundress to Mr. Madan, at his chambers, in Garden Court, No. 4, Temple; I packed up the things mentioned in the indictment, and delivered them to my husband to carry to the inn, in a coarse woollen wrapper, on Easter Monday; the things were to go to the Castle and Falcon in Aldersgate-street, to go to Leicester, to Mr. Madan; the things have never been found.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. How long was it afterwards that you heard of any body being in custody? - About a fortnight afterwards.


                  WILLIAM
                   KING
               



             sworn.
Do you remember on Easter Monday your wife giving you a bundle of things to carry any where? - Yes; I was to carry them to the Falcon and Castle in Aldersgate-street


, to deliver them to the bookkeepers, and pay two pence with them; I went there about nine o'clock, and a tall man came to the gate, and asked me where I was going with that bundle; I told him I was going to deliver it to the book-keeper, to be sent to Mr. Madan by the Leicester coach, he told me the coach was going, and the book-keeper was not there, he was gone home to his own house to drink tea, if I would step with him a few doors round the corner, he would go to the book keeper's house, and bring him; I went with the same man round the corner of the street, and he said, go to that door where the lamp is, and knock hard, and the book-keeper will come; he went along with me, and while we were going to the door, the prisoner was on the other side of the door seemingly; he came out with a book in his hand, with an ink glass tied to the button hole of his coat, and a pen in his hand; he spoke to the man that went along with me in a rough manner, seemingly as if he was affronted with him, and told him he was coming directly; the other said, you are wanted Sir, to put down a parcel that this man has brought, to go to Leicester, says he, I am coming directly;then the prisoner asked me whether I had paid the carriage for the parcel; he looked at the direction, I told him I did not pay for the carriage, but only for the booking; then he bid the other man take the parcel from me, the prisoner looked at the direction; to 
               
                  Martin
                   Madan
               



            , Esq. at the Lion and Lamb, Leicester, and ordered the other man to take it to the inn directly, for the coach would be gone; the other man took the parcel as he ordered him to go with it, and he would come along with me; in the mean time the prisoner desired me to step on, while he stopped to make water; I was at the corner, I looked round and he was gone, and I could see no more of him; I then went to the inn to see whether they had taken it in or not, because after that I doubted the prisoner, I did not find the parcel at the inn; I went to Bow-street the next day, and laid an information, and they asked me to describe the people; I said, the man that was the book-keeper, stuttered much, and I should certainly know him; it was a dark night, but by the lanthorn I recollect his features well; this is the man that had the ink-horn and pen, and spoke rough to the other man, as if he was his master; that is certainly the man.
How long was it after you saw him? - Two weeks; but if I was to see him seven years hence, that is the man.
Mr. Garrow. The book keeper stuttered very much? - Yes.
You have not often been here? - No.
Then you do not know that all bookkeepers on these occasions do stutter? - I do not know.
You should know him by his voice very well? - Yes; and by the features of his face and his hair; I cannot say how long I was with him, it was a very short time.
Had he a flapped hat on, or a cocked hat on? - He had a flapped hat.
Have you any knowledge of his face at all? - I never remember to have seen him before that night, till I saw him at Sir 
               
                  Sampson
                   Wright
               



            's.
Did you swear to him before you heard him speak? - I did not know whether they had fetched the one that I looked upon to be the book-keeper, or the other; I did not see this man; but when I saw this man, and heard him speak, I knew him.
Did you fix on this man before he spoke? - No; I fixed on another man that was there.
Upon your oath did not you fix on another man before you fixed on this man? - What to substitute him as the bookkeeper, never; but as his servant.
You must mistake in that, you fixed on a wrong man, did not you? - Yes, I might, very like.
Did you, Sir, or not? - I did.
Who did that man turn out to be, that you fixed upon? - A man that seemed to be like the servant.
What is his name? - I do not know his name.
Do you know his name is Shallard; you fixed on him as the servant, and as the man who carried away your parcel? - Yes.
As the man who met you first in the yard, as the man who walked with you to the corner, as the man that carried away your parcel at last? - Yes.
You was mistaken in that man? - They tell me I was.
Have you any doubt? - I do not give any thought of it.
Do you mean now to say, that you believe the man upon whom you fixed at Bow-street, is the other man that was concerned in this robbery? - No, I do not believe he was the man.
Then you believe you was mistaken? - In that part; I did not see this man at all.
Was he in the room at the time? - He might or he might not.
Upon your oath, was not he in the room at the time; did you instantly fix on the prisoner in the room? - No, Sir.
Do you mean to swear that you believe he was not in the room? - He might have been in the room and yet I not know it.
Did not you know that he was in the room? - He might be in the room.

Do you venture to swear that you believe he was not in the room? - He might be in the room.
Do you believe he was in the room? - He might be in the room.
Do you now believe he was not there? - I neither believe whether he was or was not.
Will you venture to swear that you believe he was not in the room? - He might have been in the room, but he never spoke.
Do you believe he was in the room or not? - Well, I believe he was in the room.
How much is Shallard taller than that man? - A good deal taller.
Do you swear that? - I think he is taller.
Will you venture to swear that you believe him to be an inch taller than the prisoner? - I certainly will venture to swear that he is taller than this man.
You said at the beginning that the other was a tall man? - Yes.
Do you believe Shallard is a tall man or any thing like a tall man? - I say he is taller than the prisoner at the bar.
Will you venture to swear that? - What a man thinks, and swearing, is a different thing; I swear I believe he is taller.
How soon were you convinced that he was not the man that had taken away your bundle? - I never took him for the bookkeeper; I walked with the man that took my bundle, some yards, close to him.
Then you had an opportunity of observing him? - Yes, this man stood with his back at the door, and I looked upon him as the master, and I took strict notice of him; the other man was longer with me; it was not above five or six minutes walk; I observed him so far as the darkness of the night would let me.
It was a fortnight afterwards before you saw him? - Yes.
Did you go to search his lodgings? - No, these things were never found again; I do not know where he was taken; I was not present.
(Shallard called in.)
Look at him and tell us if that was the man that you first fixed on? - Yes.
Are you sure? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   SCOTT
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of April, the prisoner came and took coach and another man with him; it was of a Monday, to the best of my remembrance; the second Monday in the month of April, between nine and ten.
(Mr. Garrow to Shallard. How high are you? - About five foot seven.)
Scott. The prisoner put a bundle into the coach, and ordered the coachman to drive to Pitfield street, Hoxton; I drove the coach; I did not know what was in the bundle; another man was with them; I set them down just at the corner, going into the street.
At any house? - Yes, I did not stay five minutes; they paid me half a crown.
Which of them paid you? - The other man.
Who took out the bundle? - The other man.
Was the other man taller or shorter than the prisoner? - Taller, with a round hat on.
Did you know this man before? - I have known the prisoner Stone these seven years.
Where does he live? - I have known him in the parish of Saint Luke's and Cripplegate together.
Where does he live now? - In Ironmonger-row.
Which way did they come from when they came to take the coach? - They came up Ludgate-hill, or across the church-yard; I cannot say which.
Did you know the other man at all? - No.
What is Stone the prisoner? - I believe he is a watch-maker
.
Do not you know the house where you set these people down? - No, I cannot say I do.
Should you know it again? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow. What is your number?- 919; I was out only for a man that was ill.
You are a common watering-man; how long have you drove for that man? - I was only out that day.
I think you have a little impediment in your speech sometimes? - No Sir.
How long have you been a watering man? - These seven years.
How many fares did you drive that day? - I only earned four shillings before.
Did you drive the next day? - No.
Whose coach was it? - One Mr. Cuttle's; he lives at Chelsea; his man was taken ill at our house; the Tobitt's Dog, the watering house.
What time of night was this when they came to you? - Between the hours of nine and ten.
Where did you go to, do you recollect? - I went from Saint Paul's to Charing-cross first, then I came back and got half a crown to the Minories; the first fare began at half after three in the afternoon.
Be so good as to tell us whether you can read or write? - I can write.
You keep accounts perhaps? - No.
How came you to recollect it was the second Monday in April? - Because I did.
How came you? - I know it was the ninth.
How do you know it was the ninth? - Because in the morning two coachmen laid a wager it was the 7th.
Where was the wager decided? - In the house.
When? - That very day.
Who were these coachmen? - I do not know.
Have not you a good many bets made in the house? - I do not know, there may be at times.
How soon was you after at Bow-street? - About a fortnight after.
Had any of your other fares any bundles? - No Sir, none at all.
Do you often drive? - Not very often; I only put people into coaches, and they very often have bundles.
Was you present when King pitched on Shallard; you know Shallard well enough. - I was not there.
How many years have they known you at Bow-street? - I never was there in my life.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I only beg the favour to call in two witnesses in my behalf.


                  CHARLES
                   JEALOUS
               



             sworn.
I went to order King to attend; I believe he is a servant to Mr. Madan, in the Temple; after he came up to Sir Sampson's, Stone was in the first parlour, at the Brown Bear; and he was desired to go into the parlour to see if he could see any body there; I desired Shallard to go over with him, at last he turned round and said, this is the man (pointing to Shallard); why says I, this is the man that came over with you; he said at Bow-street, that the prisoner was the book-keeper, and that Shallard was the man that took the parcel; Stone was likewise at that time in the room; he was sitting down, but looking up; he never held down his head at all.


                  JOHN
                   SHALLARD
               



             sworn.
Was you one of those that was pitched upon as having stolen this bundle? - I was, the man made a stand and looked at me; in consequence of that, I looked at him; says he, you are the man; oh! then says I, let us go over the way; then we went over the way and Stone was there.
N. B. Shallard went into the bar and stood by the prisoner, and appeared almost an inch taller.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
