





558. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WRIGHT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of May
, one cloth coat, value 40 s. one waistcoat, value 2 s. one pair of breeches, value 2 s. one coat, value 4 s. one waistcoat, value 2 s. one pair of everlasting breeches, value 2 s. one cotton gown, value 3 s. one linen gown, value 3 s. one linen apron, value 1 s. one boy's shirt, value 2 s. one black russel petticoat, value 4 s. one flannel petticoat, value 1 s. one pair of cotton stockings, value 1 s. ten copper medals, value 6 d. one silver medal, value 6 d. and one half-penny, value a half-penny
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Hill
               




            .
Mrs. HILL sworn.
The prisoner was my servant
, about three months she laid with me, on account of my husband being in trouble, he was arrested for a debt that he was bail for, I called her up early in the morning as I wanted to go out, she got up immediately to iron some things, I thought she was up doing her business, a little boy of mine cried and made a noise for his breeches, I was angry with him, and told him to go to Nanny; I then found that the maid was gone, and every box, and every drawer, and wearing apparel, my petticoats, my gown, my shift, and every individual thing but my garters, I believe the keys might be on the table, as I never hardly put them in my pocket; in two days I found the things, the prisoner was going by Bishop's Court, in the Old-Bailey, with all my clothes on her back, my hat and every thing she had on was mine, I took her into custody, and found duplicates in her pocket of a great many things that she had pledged, and the pocket-piece and medals were found in her pocket, she said the devil was very busy with her, she was in liquor.


                  WILLIAM
                   BOTHMAN
               



             sworn.
I have two boys coats, waistcoats, and breeches, the prisoner brought them to our shop, on the 18th of May.
(The things deposed to.)


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I have two gowns, a petticoat, an under petticoat, a shift, and a linen apron, all the th ings but one of the gowns were found upon the prisoner's back.
(These things deposed to.)


                  GEORGE
                   MEECHAM
               



             sworn.
I was with Taylor and took the prisoner, these things were found upon her, I found some medals on her, and a pair of white cotton stockings in her pocket, and a remarkable half-penny with a name engraved upon it, and I found all the duplicates.
(These things deposed to.)

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The prosecutrix gave me the things to keep for her, for she was affraid of having them taken away from her, these things I had on my back she lent me, and I was to pay for them as soon as I could.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
