





343. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MATHER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th day of April
, one pair of velveret breeches, value 4 s. two cloth waistcoats, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Carter
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   CARTER
               



             sworn.
I lodged, the 10th instant, at No. 11, in Fleet-lane


; I lost a pair of velveret breeches, and two cloth waistcoats; they were taken out of the room where I lodge; I saw them there on the 9th, at night; in the morning I missed them; they were found on the prisoner; I never knew the girl; she was taken up with these clothes upon her; her mother lodged in a room in the house, and I believe she came to see her mother; I did not hear any body come in; there were two children slept in the room.


                  TIMOTHY
                   PROSSER
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; last Tuesday was se'nnight, between five and six in the morning, I stopped the prisoner with these things upon her; I took her to the watch-house; she sent some message to the prosecutor not to appear against her at the Justice's.
(The things deposed to.)


                  MARY
                   CARTER
               



             sworn.
I know these things are my father's property.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Being an unfortunate girl, I was away from my mother; so about four or five I went up to my mother's room to see if she would take me in; as I went up I met a man in a brown coat and a round hat, and brown apron round him; and he asked me to take them to a pawnbroker's; as I was going up Queen-street when the watchman stopped; he saw the watchman before I did, and he run away; I told the watchman it was nothing belonging to him; he said let me see what it is, and he took me to the watch-house.
The prisoner called two witnesses to her character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
