





302. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     BULL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th day of February
, twelve pennyweights of silver cuttings and turnings, value 3 s. and thirteen pennyweights of silver folder, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hester 
                     Bateman
                  




               
            .


                  PETER
                   BATEMAN
               



             sworn.
I live in Bunhill-row


, I carry on business as a working goldsmith
 for my mother 
               
                  Hester
                   Bateman
               



            . On Friday the 24th of February, being at dinner in my back parlour, in consequence of an information, I sent for an officer, and sent for the prisoner; said I, Mr. Bull, you have some of my mother's property; he denied it; I told him, it is in vain, we have proofs of it; he then acknowledged it, and he put his hands in his pocket, and produced a small bit of silver solder; he presented it to me: immediately I gave him in charge of the officer I said this is not all, do you search him; upon which the officer felt in his pocket, and another piece was produced; upon which I said, that is not all; says he, I assure you it is, Sir; says I, I am informed there were some turnings, he denied it, I desired the constable to search him again, and in his other pocket I found some turnings and cuttings loose together, upon this, he was committed: there were, I think, twelve penny-weight of silver, value 3 s. and thirteen pennyweight of solder, value 2 s.


                  ABEL
                   BECK
               



             sworn.
I work with Mr. Bateman. Last Monday, the 14th of February, I went up into the shop, and got under the board after dinner; in about two or three minutes, the prisoner came up, and he came to the board as I sat down, for we had missed things very often before, and the prisoner came and cut a piece with the shears, this was the first piece he cut, this is the piece that was left; then he went into the shop, and went to my lathe where I work, and took some turnings, then he went to the box, and put these turnings and cuttings in his pocket; then he came back to the board again where he cut the first piece of solder, and then went down stairs; and I informed my master, and the things were found upon him.


                  CHARLES
                   MOSELEY
               



             sworn.
I am the officer, I produce some silver; these are the things that were found in my presence.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.
To Prosecutor. How long has this man lived with you? - Four months constantly; in our business we may be robbed every day of our lives, and lose three or four pounds in a day, and not miss it; we employ forty men. I had a very high opinion of that man, but since he has been taken up, I find there has been very bad connections; he lived with another man's wife, and that very man is brought into Newgate.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
