





814. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     FISHER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Stewart
                        




                     
                  , about two in the night, on the 14th of September
, and burglariously stealing therein, three silver tea-spoons, value 3 s. three silver castor tops, value 9 s. one silver castor handle, value 2 s. 6 d. one linen tablecloth, value 10 s. 6 d. four hundred and eighty halfpence, value 20 s. four hundred and eighty farthings, value 10 s. the property of George Stewart, in the said dwelling-house
            .
The case opened by Mr. Peatt.


                  GEORGE
                   STEWART
               



             sworn.
I keep the Red Lion in Islington-Road




; the 13th of September last, when I went to bed, I saw my house secure as I usually have done; it was near twelve when I went to bed; on the 14th day in the morning, my maid servant, my house-keeper, and the boy came down, they alarmed me; I came down about half after five in the morning.
Was it light or dark? - It was quite light as possibly could be; I suppose it was light at that time at half after three; I immediately went to the bar and the cellar, to see what had been done there; finding the cellar door wrenched open, there I found my till standing, which contained the silver spoons, half-pence and farthings, and these twenty-four accommodation tickets for Sadler's-Wells; I found nothing but the till, and a flint and steel underneath; the till stood on the head of a small cask; there was nothing at all in it, the window was thrown up, there were marks of violence in the till.
Court. Was the window that was thrown up secure over night? - I made it secure myself, and the bar in the back parlour; I missed three tops of the silver castors, and a handle, and a large buckaback table cloth, a very fine one; I missed nothing else; there were twenty shillings, and upwards in halfpence, and ten shillings and upwards in farthings, and twenty-four tickets for Sadler's-wells; the till was locked; I informed Mr. Lemon the tickets were gone; we found the tickets on the 19th day in the hands of 
               
                  Richard
                   Walwin
               



            ; they were the tickets that I lost; I discharged the prisoner from my service, on the 1st of May.

LAWRENCE M'CARTY sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Stewart; the house was robbed on the 13th of September; I fastened the doors, and the windows; I saw my master fasten the bar window; they were all fastened by me except the bar; the next morning I saw them again, they were all open; I have seen nothing since but the tickets, and them I did not know.


                  PAUL
                   WALWIN
               



             sworn.
I am a pater and grounder of leather; I had one of these tickets sent to me by my brother Richard, a ticket to Sadler's-wells; I can swear to the ticket; when I came there I was detained; I gave them my address; I know that ticket when I see it.


                  RICHARD
                   WALWIN
               



             sworn
I keep a glove shop in Fleet-street; I received three tickets of 
               
                  Mary
                   Saunders
               



            , on the 16th, and seventeen of 
               
                  Edward
                   Pugh
               



            ; he told me he found them in Islington-fields; I should know them again.
- LOWE sworn.
I am a performer at Sadler's-wells; I left half a dozen pit tickets with Mr. Stewart; they were numbered, but not signed; I only know that they are this year's tickets.


                  JOHN
                   LEMON
               



             sworn.
I am gallery door-keeper at Sadler's-wells; I received a ticket, No. 665, of Mr. Pugh; I had particular notice to stop this number from the prosecutor, in consequence of which, I stopped a ticket, No. 665; I will swear to that ticket; it was a pit ticket, lets two into the gallery; there were likewise half a dozen of my own tickets. (Looks at it.) This is the ticket, I will swear to it.
(The ticket deposed to by the prosecutor, and Paul and 
               
                  Richard
                   Walwin
               



            .)


                  JOHN
                   DINMORE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I was requested to be close at the door when any of the tickets of this number should come; I was close; I marked it J. D. this is the ticket that was stopped; then we traced it the next morning, and between the bed and the sacking where the prisoner lay, we found this hanger; there were a great number of tickets.
(The ticket shewn to Mr. Lowe.)
This is one of the tickets I uttered at the time.


                  ROBERT
                   COOPER
               



             sworn.
I am watchman of Clerkenwell parish; I was present at the examination before the Magistrate.
Was not it taken in writing? - It was taken in writing, but he refused to sign it.
Was you present when the prisoner was examined? - Yes; the prisoner said to me he got into the house by having lived there, and he knew by shaking the window a nail would drop out, and he got into the house by shaking that place.
Court. Was there any promises made that it should be better for him if he should confess? - No.
Was he threatened at all? - Not at all, I am sure of that; he said when he was before the Magistrates, that the way he got into the house was, he had been servant in the house before, and had fastened the cellar window many times, that he knew by shaking the window, the nail would drop out, and by that means he got in; he was asked then, if he had any other person concerned with him; he said he had not, that if he had, he would not hang another man besides himself.
Was the confession taken in writing? - Yes.
Did he sign it? - He refused signing it.
Why? - I do not know.
Was he asked whether he would sign it before it was taken down, or afterwards? - It was afterwards, and he refused.
To 
               
                  Richard
                   Walwin
               



            . I was present at the Magistrates; the prisoner said that heknew the way of the house by shaking the window, the nail would come out, and afterwards he said, he would not confess to hang another man, he was sufficient to suffer; I heard him say nothing more material, any further than after his confession was taken down, he would not sign it; he said he burnt the table cloth, and the silver he threw into the Thames.
In your hearing or presence, was any thing said to him to induce him to confess? - He had no promises.
Was he threatened at all? - No, he was not.
What was the reason he would not sign it? - I cannot tell.


                  Paul
                   Walwin
               



            . I heard the prisoner say the same as my brother, that he had lived with this Mr. Stewart, and he knew the way of getting into the house by there being a bolt fastened by a nail, and by shaking the bolt, the nail would fall out; when he was asked to sign the confession he would not; he said he burnt the table cloth, and threw the silver into the Thames.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.




               GUILTY. Of stealing the value of 39 s. but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
