





703. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     TRIPPET
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th day of August
, one metal watch, value 4 l. a key, value 6 d. a steel chain, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Sargeant
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  MICHAEL
                   SARGEANT
               



             sworn.
I was going home to my house between two and three in the morning; and in St. Margaret's church-yard


, there were three men and a woman at a distance, when I came up the men separated from her, and the woman stood still; she asked me some questions that women generally do, my dear are you going home without a sweetheart, well, but I have something to say to you; I was obedient enough to listen to her; but I have something to tell you, says I, there is no place up; I do not think it necessary that you should drink; we passed through the church-yard, the three men were near, she unbuttoned my breeches, and my watch chain was very long, and I was affraid she might have made too free with my watch; hussey, says I, I believe I might make free with her, I believe I might call her, you W; I called the watch; I found my watch was gone; I thought I perceived her take it; she called two men, one man made near me; I caught hold of her; the watchman was crying the hour; the man made up, and made a long arm, and I saw her reach him my watch; it was not a very dark night; I took her into custody.


                  JOHN
                   ELLIOT
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I took charge of the prisoner.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The gentleman was very much in liquor and began pulling me about; I called for assistance; he struck me in the ribs several times, and said, where is my watch?




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
