





472. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th day of May
, one watch, with the inside case made of base metal, and the outside made of tortoiseshell, value 20 s. and one seal, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Leplastrier
                  




               
            .


                  ESTHER
                   LEPLASTRIER
               



             sworn.
I lost a watch on Tuesday the 9th of May, off my husband's board, close to his vice, between the hours of eight and nine in the evening; I had just lighted a candle, I was in a little room behind the shop; I heard my son cry out, stop thief! and I saw him have hold of the prisoner's coat, with his foot inside the door, one foot within, and one foot without; my son is in his twelfth year; the man wrenched from the child, and the child never quitted him, nor lost sight of him, till a gentleman took him; I did not quit my shop.


                  ROBERT
                   LEPLASTRIER
               



             called.
I am in my twelfth year.
Do you know any thing about an oath? - Yes.
What ought you to do when you are sworn? - If I tell a lie, I shall go to a bad place.
Do you know more, that you are liable to be punished if you tell a lie after you are sworn? - Yes.


                  ROBERT
                   LEPASTRIER
               



             sworn.
I did not see the prisoner come into the shop; I saw the prisoner going to snatch at a watch that was hanging in the shop; my father is a watch-maker
; I was in the shop standing against the partition; I first heard the chain rattle; I saw the prisoner snatch the watch off the board, facing my father's vice; I ran directly, and caught hold of the skirt of his coat, but he being stronger than me, he rushed from me; I pursued him; I was not above a couple of yards from him till he was caught; the watch was never found, I do not know what became of it, I did not see what he did with it; I am sure I saw him take it; I saw nobody else at the door, but the neighbours said there was.


                  JAMES
                   PAVLIN
               



             sworn.
I know nothing more, than I heard the little boy calling, stop thief! I went down a passage which is opposite to my door; I saw the little boy running after the prisoner, and crying terribly; I ran after him, and brought him to the prosecutor's house; the little boy cried out, that is he, that is he; I saw nobody near, I saw no opportunity of conveying the watch away, except at one turning, and he might be out of sight a quarter of a minute.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along Shadwell, and this little boy ran out of the shop; he was hallooing out, stop thief! I ran after him, and asked him which way he was gone, and he said, that way; and I run, and this man, I believe he is a baker, stopped me; the little boy said, that is not him; and he ran past us; when he came back, he said it was me.


                  THOMAS
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I am the prisoner's father; I bred the prisoner up to my own trade, a cooper
; he is better than fourteen years old, he worked for me till I was lame, and obliged to go to the work-house; now I am out again; he has not been with me lately, the business has been so slack.
What has he being doing? - Sometimes one thing, sometimes another; I was not always with him; he behaved always very well to me at home.
The prisoner called another witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
