





819. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SPENCER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th day of July
 last, two black cloaks, value 21 s. one piece of ribbon, value 1 s. two pair of gloves, value 1 s. five handkerchiefs, value 5 s. three pair of ruffles, value 3 s. one cap, value 1 s. one tucker, value 6 d. one laced tucker, value 6 d. one packing trunk, value 4 s. four stocks, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Campbell
                        



                     
                  ; and two handkerchiefs, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Bratten
                  



               
            .


                  MARY
                   CAMPBELL
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  James
                   Campbell
               



            , on Monday the 18th of July last, about half past nine in the morning I was sitting at breakfast in the five parlour, the prisoner was at the door of the side parlour, I saw him put the box under his arm, and I ran and caught hold of his coat with one arm, and with the other caught hold of the box; I am sure the man that was brought back was the same man.


                  JAMES
                   CAMPBELL
               



             sworn.
I was sitting at breakfast, and I saw the prisoner going out with the box under his arm, she immediately ran out and caught hold out of his coat with one hand and the trunk with the other; she called out a thief, a thief; he got from her, I ran after him sixty yards, I caught him, and brought him back.


                  JOHN
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner, this is the trunk, I have had in charge.
(The trunk and things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going for some work, I saw some people running, and I heard the cry of stop thief, and they took me.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
