





333. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BABBITT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of January
 last, one cotton gown, value 8 s. one silk petticoat, value 5 s. four pair of sheets, value 40 s. a table cloth, value 2 s. one silk handkerchief, value 5 s. three linen shirts, value 2 s. one cotton counterpane, value 5 s. one pair of blankets, value 7 s. one pillow, value 2 s. one pillow-case, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Thomas
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling house
            .


                  Mary
                   Thomas
               



            . I live at Stepney-green


, on the 20th of January, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; and a man jumped out of my room window upon my screaming out; I found the ends of my things just hanging out of the window, and I saw a man go out of the yard, and I am sure it was the prisoner's back, but I did not see his face till he was taken; he went off with the things, he made a bit of a run when he got out of the gate; I afterwards found my trunk and things.
(Deposed to.)


                  John
                   Porter
               



             and 
               
                  Edward
                   Porter
               



            , 
               
                  Richard
                   Seymour
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Macguire
               



            , apprehended the prisoner, having seen him in the yard.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to meet a friend at Stepney, and I stepped into a pair of gates to make water, and I heard the cry of stop thief! and I was looking to see where it was, and they took me.
The Prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
