






22. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CRAMPTON, alias 
FORREST




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th day of October
 last, two linen shirts, value 3 s. a handkerchief, value 1 s. a pair of stockings, value 6 s. an apron, value 5 s. and two handkerchiefs, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     King
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   PARSONS
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Holborn; I took in a shirt marked A. King, about twelve o'clock, of the prisoner; he said his name was G. Forrester; I asked him if it was his own; he said it was, and said it was given him by a gentleman.
(The shirt produced.)


                  ABRAHAM
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I missed the things the 26th of October, out of the foul linen bag.
(The shirt deposed to.)
Court to Mr. King. Did you ever see the prisoner before? - Never.


                  MARY
                   HOOKER
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to see me between five and six on the Wednesday evening; my master and mistress were gone to the play; I expected them home soon, and desired him to go away; he desired me to let him sleep there; I did; the clothes bag hung in the room; he went out the next morning about ten; I did not know what was in the bag, I knew it was dirty; I had known him six months before; he was a footman
, and had been out of place a good while.


                  JOHN
                   FURNEAUX
               



             sworn.
I am a constable: on the 29th of October I took up the prisoner in a kitchen, in Short's Gardens, in the house of one Howlin's, a chandler's shop, behind the door; I searched him, and found nothing upon him; and at the place where he resorted, I found this handkerchief, and these five duplicates behind a shutter; a young man that was there shewed them to me; it was on Friday I found the handkerchief, and three days after the duplicates; the girl was a prisoner first.


                  JAMES
                   BURKITT
               



             sworn.
I took this handkerchief in of the prisoner, the 26th of October; I live with Mr. Parker; my duplicate is one of these.
Prisoner. They promised to forgive me.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
