





430. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EVANS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four silver spoons, value 30 s. and one marrow spoon, value 8 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Appleton
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   APPLETON
               



             sworn.
I live in Hatton-garden


; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; on Friday morning last, I was informed by my servant, when I came down, that there was a person in the kitchen who wanted to speak with me; I desired he might come up to me in the parlour; he then told me that I had been robbed of the things in the indictment, and shewed them to me; his name is 
               
                  Henry
                   Aston
               



            ; he is the constable.


                  HENRY
                   ASTON
               



             sworn.
Between six and seven on Friday morning last, one Perryn, a chimney-sweeper, called to me to take the prisoner into custody; it was at the bottom of Kirby-street; when I went he had three table spoons, and a marrow spoon in his hand, and said he took them from the prisoner; I then searched the prisoner, and found another spoon on him, which matched with the other three.


                  HENRY
                   PERRYN
               



             sworn.
I am a chimney sweeper; on Friday morning in Kirby-street, between six and seven, on hearing the cry of stop thief, having my brush under my arm. I struck at him, and my fellow-servant assisted me in taking him; he threw three silverspoons, and a marrow spoon out of his pocket; I took him to the barber's shop in Kirby-street, and sent for a constable, and examined him.


                  RICHARD
                   GOODWIN
               



             sworn.
I was taking dust from out of Mr. Appleton's; I saw the prisoner come out of the parlour; I suspected him, and called out stop thief; the chimney-sweepers took him to a barber's-shop.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am a green-grocer about the streets; having had a little money left me, please you my Lord, I was walking along, and the chimney-sweepers took me to a barber's shop, and one of them put a silver spoon in my pocket.
Court. Have you any witnesses.
Prisoner. Please you my Lord Sir, to give me till to-morrow morning and I will bring plenty; I will bring a great number; they have been here waiting till now.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
