





690. 
               
                  
                     ANTHONY 
                     COLEMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, one pair of linen sheets, value 10 s. one linen pillow case, value 1 s. and one iron key, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Scott
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   SCOTT
               



             sworn.
I live at the Blossoms-inn, Lawrence-lane


; last Friday was a week, in the evening, the prisoner came into the coffee room; he had slept at the house the night before, but I did not know it; it was about eight o'clock, he had come with a pretence, that he had come from Birmingham, and had got a trunk coming the next day; I had some reason to suspect his being an old customer of mine in the sheet way; as he had lodged there the night before, he came into the coffee room without any ceremony; I gave the chamberlain charge to watch him in the morning; when I got up, I asked the chamberlain if he was gone; I watched him coming down; he was not come down when I got up; this was a little before eight o'clock; I saw him pass through as sharp as he could walk; I ran after him down the gateway; he had turned the corner before I catched him, as soon as he turned the corner, he began running; I desired him to walk back again, as there was a gentleman wanted to speak to him; I took him into the coffee room, and I told the chamberlain to go up stairs to see if every thing was safe; he went up, and found the door locked; I found the sheets upon him; one wrapped round his body, and tied round with both his garters, and another sheet in his breeches, and the pillow case in his pocket.
Were they your's? - Yes.
Were they marked? - The sheets were not marked; the pillow case was marked with our initials.


                  JOSEPH
                   SYKES
               



             sworn.
I have got the property which was found upon the prisoner; I am certain they are my master's; I know one of the sheets, by taking particular notice of its being patched at the two corners, when I put it on the bed; the pillow case is marked with his name; when I re-examined the room, they were gone from the beds, and he had taken the key of the room.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
