





126. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DAWES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bellingham
                        




                     
                  , Esq
. on the King's highway, on the 2d of December
 last, and putting him in fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, a gold watch, value 20 l. a gold watch-chain, value 5 l. two cornelian seals, set in gold, value 5 s. and a silk purse, value 1 s. and twenty-three guineas, his property
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Silvester.)
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  JOHN
                   BELLINGHAM
               



            , Esq. sworn.
On the 2d of last month, in the evening, I was standing in the pit-passage leading to Drury Lane play-house


; it was about aquarter after five, just before the doors were opened; the prisoner came close to my right-hand, and another person, who I suppose to be an accomplice, on the left; and just as the door was opening or opened, they pressed exceeding hard upon me; they pressed me so hard, that my arms were fixed, that I could not make use of them; I felt a hand at my right fob, and another at my left hand breeches pocket; I endeavoured to get my hand down, but was in such a situation, pressed by them and the crowd that was about me, that I could not do it; and some one came behind me at the same time, and knocked my hat over my face; and making an effort to save my hat, my watch and purse was gone; I then cried out, that I was robbed, and Mr. Macmanus, who was by, came to my assistance, and seized the prisoner, and brought him to Bow-street. I have my watch now; it is here.
(Produces it.)
It was returned to me on Sunday the 7th of December, about twelve. There were twenty-three guineas in my purse.
Court. That was five days after.
Mr. Schoen, prisoner's counsel. This was at the pit-door of Drury-lane? - Yes; in the passage, some time after five.
That place is not very light, of course? - It was light enough.
I take it for granted, it was very much crouded? - Very much crouded.
Did it occur to you, to see any lady near the prisoner at the time? - No, I did not; I do not recollect in particular; I believe there were women there.
Can you, in the middle of this croud, take upon you to say, that the prisoner was absolutely the next person to you? - I can, for this reason; because he spoke to me; and while he was pressing against me, he told me there would be a great croud, and that we had better edge towards the door.
It did not occur to you, perhaps, to see this circumstance. You did not see him speak to any lady there? - I do not recollect.
Did you hear any lady next him ask what o'clock it was? - I cannot recollect.
Did you see him pull out his own watch, to tell any lady what it was o'clock? - No, he did not; I am sure he did not, while he was engaged with me.
I believe the prisoner was searched by Macmanus? - I believe he was.
Nothing was found upon him? - Nothing belonging to me.
You was before the magistrate? - I was.
You said there, I believe, very fairly, that you did not know that the prisoner was one that took your watch? - I could not swear positively that he took my watch.
Mr. Silvester. Are you enabled, from the observation, and the conversation that passed between you and the person next you, to say, whether the prisoner is the man that was next you, or not? - That is the man.
Court. Was this a night that Mrs. Siddons acted? - No, Sir; it was a night that Mrs. Farmer acted.
Mr. Schoen. I understood you, that at the time you lost your watch, was the exact moment when the pit-door was opened? - Yes.
Court. Were a number of people behind you? - There were; they were pressing to get forward.
I put the question to you directly; did it appear to you, before you felt the hand at your pocket, that the press was occasioned by the crowd of people, by endeavouring to get into the play-house? - Sir, before the door was opened, the prisoner and another man pressed very hard against me, one on each side of me; so hard, that my hands were raised up.
At the moment of the door opening, which naturally increases the press at that moment, did it, before you felt the hand at your pocket, occur to you any thing else than that the press was occasioned by the people crouding to get in? - I felt the hand at my pocket some time before thedoor was opened, and I endeavoured to make way.
Did not it appear to you that the persons next you had other persons next to them, and pressing upon them? - A great number; but those two persons were so situated, I think it was impossible that any other persons could have done so.
Jury. Did you feel any blow on your head at the time your hat was pulled forward? - No. If you will give me leave to put my hat on, I will shew you.
Court. If you please, Sir.
(Puts on his hat.)
It was tumbled in this manner (throws it off, over his face); it was occasioned by some small force that was behind me; it occurred to me that it was on purpose.


                  PATRICK
                   MACMANUS
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Bow-street. I was at the play-house the 2d of December. I know the prisoner; I was in the passage leading to the pit. The first thing that took my attention, was hearing the prosecutor crying out he was robbed; and I rushed forward to the place where he stood, and I found the prisoner at his right-hand, and the other man, Conolly, on the left. I caught them both in my hands. I said to a man, hold this fellow, for I see a watch in his hand; that was the prisoner. Now I will not swear that I saw a watch in his hand, but I swear I saw something like a watch-chain hanging down. When I laid hold of him, he immediately raised his hand; his hand was down before.
Court. His hand was shut, apparently with something in it? - Yes, in this manner. (Clenched.)
Mr. Silvester. Was any thing hanging down? - To the best of my knowledge there was; but I cannot say positively. I think, to the best of my knowledge, I saw part of a chain hanging down in his hand.
It is a very material fact for you to recollect? - I will not positively swear it.
First, did you see any thing at all hanging out of his hand? - I really think there was part of a chain hanging out of his hand.
Does your doubt apply to whether there was any thing, or whether it was a watch-chain; are you positive as to there being any thing in his hand? - I think I did see part of a watch-chain in his hand.
Are you sure you did? - I really think I did; I am very positive I saw something, but I will not swear it was a watch-chain.
Are you sure you saw something? - I am certain: when the gentleman laid hold of Conolly that was on my left-hand, he got away from him, and ran across; and whatever was in the prisoner's hand, he took it out, and ran away through the pitpassage, and got off. I saw him put his hand to the prisoner's hand, and take something out, and run away immediately; I cried, stop him, he has got the watch! and with that the prisoner at the bar pulled out his own watch immediately, and said, this is what I had in my hand - this is what I had in my hand.
Are you sure that was what the prisoner said? - I am sure of it. Then I took him to Bow-street, and the prosecutor went with us.
Jury. Do you think, at the time he took out his own watch, and said, this is what I had in my hand, that he had time to put that watch in his pocket again? - I cannot say.
You found nothing upon him but his own property? - Nothing belonging to Mr. Bellingham.
Mr. Schoen. This was about five in the evening, in the pit-passage? - It might be a quarter after, or twenty minutes.
There was a very great crowd? - There was a great crowd.
You rushed forward on this call, and seized two men? - Yes.
One of which made his escape, the other did not? - No.
You are pretty well known, Macmanus? - Yes.
A man could not at all be ignorant ofthe cause of your seizing him? - Not in the least.
I take it for granted, that if a man's hand was down, the best thing he could do was to have dropped the watch? - I do not know, Sir. They know very well what to do in these cases.
Jury. I understood you, that when he held out his hand, you saw him give something to the hand of the other? - No, Sir; I saw the other put his hand to the prisoner; but I did not see any thing pass.
Mr. Schoen. You do not say that you saw any thing pass from the prisoner? - No.
And, in point of fact, you do no not know whether the prisoner might not put his hand into his pocket after? - I do not know what he did with his hand after.
Prisoner. When the prosecutor was before Mr. Bond, I asked him if he could say whether I took any thing from him; he said, no, he could not. I never offered to go from Macmanus. I was crouded as much as Mr. Bellingham was; and I did not rob him, any more than he robbed me.
The prisoner called ten witnesses, who gave him a very good character.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods and monies, but not violently from the person
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


