






127. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SEARS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ALLEN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th day of November
 last, thirty-seven pounds weight of loaf sugar, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Cosby
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  JAMES
                   COSBY
               



             sworn.
The two boy

s were at the window; I am sure they are the same; in a little time my shop door opened and nobody came in; in a moment after, Sears came in, and asked me for a pennyworth of prunes; that is the tallest; I gave him as much as I thought proper; he asked if it was a quarter of a pound; I said, no; he said, what are they a pound? then I saw the little boy come into the shop, lift up this sugar loaf that stood near the door, and sit it down again; the boy took up the prunes, and went out of the shop; I missed the loaf of sugar; I ran to the door, and cried, stop thief; and saw my sugar loaf in the possession of Mr. Leach and Mr. Alfred, about twenty yards off; and the boy 
               
                  John
                   Allen
               



             was in their possession; Allen was brought back to my shop; sometime after somebody came into my shop, and told Mr. Alfred, the other boy was there; he went out and brought in Sears; that might be twenty minutes after; when he was brought in, he had a different coat on to that which he had on when he bought the prunes.
Court. Is that the loaf of sugar that stood near the door? - Yes, I can swear to it by the mark.


                  JOHN
                   ALFRED
               



             sworn.
The prisoner Sears stood at the prosecutor's door, and called Jack, that was Allen; I saw Allen come out of the prosecutor's passage; he ran by me; I suspected they were about no good; I sent to inform Mr. Leach; I saw both the boys go into the shop; they staid in but a very few minutes; when they came out young Allen had got this loaf of sugar; I saw him come out with it, and run across the way; Mr. Leach took the sugar from Allen; I saw him; I took the prisoner, Allen says, oh, you have killed me; no, you dog, says I, I have not; I took them to the prosecutor's and they were committed.
Did you see him come out of that shop with the sugar in his hand? - Yes.
Then you saw the other go into the shop with him? - Yes; I knew Sears before: I had him in custody when I was a constable, a year and a half ago.
- LEACH sworn.
I was with my wife in my room at the back shop; I heard somebody in my passage; I got up to see who it was; I heard Sears call Jack; I saw these two prisoners run towards Mr. Cosby's shop; I then went in and sat down in the parlour, and in a very few minutes, Mr. Alfred sent the boy to desire I would watch these boys motions; I went over the way, and saw Sears put his hand to the latch of the door and open it; he then started back all of a sudden to Allen; he went in first; Allen stood just at the door; I saw Sears buy something of Cosby; I perceived they were talking together; Mr. Cosby turned round to get something out of a drawer, and at that time Allen took the sugar, put it on his shoulder, and ran across the way with it, towards me as fast as he could; I said, where are you going with this sugar? says he, what is that to you? I am going about my master's business, where do you think I am going? says I, you have been stealing it; no, I have not says he; and he tried to throw it down on my toes; I caught hold of the string, and held it in my hand, and he got away; then Mr. Alfred seized him; Mr. Alfred took Sears in about twenty minutes after.
PRISONER SEARS'S DEFENCE.
I went for a quarter of a pound of prunes; I paid the man and came away; he said nothing to me.
PRISONER ALLEN'S DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say.
BOTH 


               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .
Each to be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
