





352. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HIPPESLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of February
, one silver watch, value 3 l. a steel chain, value 4 d. a stone seal set in base metal, value 1 d. a base metal key, value 1 d. a pair of worsted garters, value 2 d. one guinea, value 1 l. 1 s. and five shillings in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Fincham
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of a certain person unknown
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   FINCHAM
               



             sworn.
I am a master butcher
, last Thursday night I met with the prisoner, just at the end of Fleet-market, and in the course of the evening, I agreed to go home with her, it was between eleven and twelve, I was sober, and sensible of every thing that was going on.
Where had you been that evening? - To an acquaintance in London, I went about seven.
What did you drink? - A little porter, I was in three or four different companies.
Did you drink in them all? - No.
Did you ask her to go with you, or did she ask you to go with her? - That I cannot resolve you.
Where did you go with her? - In the course of evening I went home to her lodgings as high as I can recollect between eleven and twelve; I first met her about six, I went into a house in Portpool Lane, I did not stay with her three minutes, I gave her a glass at the bar, but I drank nothing; I then went to a friend's on Air-street-hill, and left her there; I never saw her before then, I came home with her to her lodgings between eleven and twelve.
Where are her lodgings? - They are upon Saffron-hill


, but I cannot tell you exactly what is the name of the person who keeps the house.
Did you make any enquiry whose house it was? - No.
Did you see any other people in the house? - No, the door was open, and we went up one pair of stairs, we went to bed together; between one and two I awoke, and missed the property that is in the indictment; I saw my watch before I went to bed, and wound it up, I have seen the watch and garters since; it is a very particular watch, it has a hare and hounds upon the face of it; I know the chain, I have had it two years, the seal was a blue seal, I bought on London-bridge, it cost me threepence, I do not know the impression of it, the key was quite a common key; I know the garters, I always put them in my pocket of a night; I put my watch into my fob, there was no other woman in the room with me; at two o'clock I missed my things, and the girl was gone, I got the watchman and searched for the things about the bed; I was going to enquire for her the next morning, and I met her in Fleet-market, and charged her with the robbery, she said I rob you! you fool, what do you mean by that? I took her to the public house, and sent for a constable, and while I sent for the constable, she produced my watch out of her pocket.
Had you then told her it would be better for her? - I had, she said she had none of it; the constable said to the girl, let me look at your legs, and she took off one of my garters, which I will swear to.
The Remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 23d of FEBRUARY 1785, and the following Days;
Being the THIRD SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     RICHARD
                      CLARK
                  



               , 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY E. HODGSON, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND; And Published by Authority.
NUMBER III. PART VI.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXV.

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Hippesley
               



            .
Prisoner. Did not you give me the watch, and tell me to keep it till you came the next morning and gave me a crown? - No, no such thing, why should I do that, when I had plenty of money in my pocket, I saw the money in her room.
Prisoner. Did not you tell me, you had lost all your money at cocking, and gave me the watch till you brought me some money? - No.
Court. Did you win or lose at cocking that night? - I cannot tell.


                  GEORGE
                   MORRIS
               



             sworn.
I am constable for the liberty of Saffron-hill, I never saw the prisoner before I was sent for by the prosecutor, to take this woman into custody on Monday morning; I first saw her at the end of Field-lane, the first house on Saffron-hill, the sign of the Castle; the gentleman of the house gave me this watch, the prosecutor described the garters to me as mixed garters, I took one off, and he said it was his garter, she took the other off, (the garters deposed to) she did not deny they were his garters, only she said he gave them to her.
Prosecutor. She had three, if not four half crowns, besides shillings and some halfpence.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I made no hesitation to give him his watch which he left with me, only I said it was necessary he should give me the present he promised me.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
