





46. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FRANCIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th day of November
 last, one printed book, entitled, a Summary Account of the Flourishing State of the Island of Tobago, value 12 d. and one other printed book, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Melville
                  




               
            , Esq
.
GENERAL 
               
                  ROBERT
                   MELVILLE
               



             sworn.
I hired the prisoner about a year and a half ago, he remained in my house about three months, I was going out of town, I had no further occasion for him, and I told him so, my opinion of him was so good that I told him he might remain in my house till he was otherways employed; I was out of town between three and four months, when I returned to town he was gone to a place, I missed some of my clothes and some of my books, but none of them were found but the two books in the indictment, which will be produced; I came home on the 18th of last month, and by information I took up the prisoner: I found that the drawer in the mahogany table, where I keep money, had been violently broke open, I also missed two bank notes, and the next morning I took all the common methods, the two books were afterwards found in search. The prisoner was apprehended in Long-alley, Moorfields, and upon being searched nothing was found but the two books; Mr. Oldham, a gentleman, who went on my account, and Mr. Armstrong, who took charge of the prisoner, were present.


                  JOHN
                   OLDHAM
               



            , Esq; sworn.
I went, when the prisoner was apprehended, with the officers, he was apprehended in Long-alley; as I was naturally very anxious to find what he had stolen from the General, in a box which he owned to be his, I observed two books, and they were indorsed by the General, whose hand I knew perfectly well; I did not find any thing that I could say was the General's property, but I found some new tea-spoons, stamped since the act has taken place, and when I went in to the prisoner, as I had known him for four years, I said let me see what money you have, he immediately took out a sixpence out of his breeches pocket, and one of the men said keep your hand out of your pocket, and seven guineas were found in his pocket.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
I found these two books in the prisoner's pocket.
(Deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went into the gentleman's house one evening, and I went down stairs, I came up stairs again and came out and shut the street door, as I thought, behind me: after this robbery was committed, Mr. Oldham and two of the runners came where I lodged, and they asked me what money I had, and I said sixpence, and in the confusion I did not recollect the seven guineas.
How did these two books come into your box? - When I was there in the last summer, I was dusting the books and putting them away, and I got these two books and was reading them, I was teaching myself to read, and in a very great mistake I put them into my box: here is a person here that I lent one of them to, I told him at the same time that the book was General Melville's.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
