





689. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MILLIAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th day of August
, one piece of Irish cloth, containing twenty-four yards, value 36 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Kilham
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS
                   KILHAM
               



             sworn.
I did not see the prisoner till he was brought back, and he said, when he came back not to prosecute him, and when I gave charge of him, he hoped I would consider him, as he had a wife and four children; I told him he should have considered of that, and let the piece of Irish linen alone; he was committed.
Did you see him take any thing? - No.


                  HUGH
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to the prosecutor; on Thursday the 15th of August the prisoner and two women came into our shop, and asked for some Irish cloth; they laid out one pound one, and eleven pence; there was a quantity of Irish lay on the counter, and the prisoner seemed to have one in his hand longer than I thought he should; I did not see him take it, but I saw him have his hand on a piece of Irish after that they bought the cloth; they paid the money; he took his hand away at the time I saw him; I did not see him take the piece; I saw it lay on the counter afterwards; but after they were gone out, not seeing the cloth I had a suspicion; I immediately ran after him and took him with the piece of cloth in Chiswell-street; he had the cloth in his apron; Mr. Kilham lives in the cloisters, and I immediately ran for him; he was not in the shop at that time; the piece of linen was brought back, it was Mr. Kilham's property; I know the mark of it.
What did the prisoner say? - I cannot recollect what he said when he was taken; when he was carried before the Alderman, he said, the apron was laying on the counter, and he was very much in liquor.
Was he in liquor? - Not to my knowledge; I did not perceive it.


                  JOHN
                   NEGUS
               



             sworn.
I took charge of the prisoner; this linen was given to me.
(Deposed to.)
Wilson. I did not bring the linen back; I have it not in my possession; I detected the prisoner with it.
How do you know that is the same piece? - By the private mark.
But you did not look at the mark in the street? - No, but it had some dirt upon it I believe; I cannot say to any particular mark that there is upon it, any farther than that I am sure of it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went into this man's shop, with my wife and another woman; I was not so sober as I should be; we bought seventeen yards of white cloth, and seven yards of other; I took them up; I thought they were mine; if I had any intention to defraud this gentleman, I might have been out of his sight far enough before he took me.
Court to Wilson. Did the prisoner drop the piece? - I believe he did; I did not see it upon the ground; I did not pick it up.
Jury. When you seized the prisoner was there any struggle? - The prisoner made a wrench to get from me, and we both fell into the kennel, the other shopman came to my assistance and he took the cloth; the things he bought were all together, and he had that with this stolen parcel; he had both together.
Were they tied together? - They were not tied; the parcel that he had was tied.

The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a very good character.
Prosecutor. After I said to him he should have considered his family before he took the cloth, he said these words, that it was either his own foolishness or his folly in taking this cloth, and he deserved to be hanged for it.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
