





161. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SIMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Beswick
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of three in the night, on the 10th of January
, and burglariously stealing therein, two check aprons, value 3 s. one linen ditto, value 1 s. a pair of silkand cotton stockings, value 2 d. two pin-cloths, value 1 d. a muslin cap, value 1 d. one cradle-quilt, value 4 d. and one thread and worsted curtain, value 4 d. his property
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BESWICK
               



             sworn.
I live in Orange-court, East Smithfield


. My house was broke open, either on Friday night, or Saturday morning the 9th or 10th of January. I was in bed; I went to bed between nine and ten; I was not the last up in the house; a woman that takes care of my wife, was the last up. She is not here. My wife was in bed; she was very ill. The house was all fast when I went to bed.
Who makes fast the house at night generally? - Myself. I keep no servant; I fastened the door. There is one outside door that opens into the street; the window was fast when I went to bed. I was not disturbed till I got up to work, which was just after six; when I got up, the door was fast; I did not take any particular notice of the window. When I went out to work, I pulled the door after me; I did not lock it; it is not a spring lock, only a latch.


                  HENRY
                   SOAR
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman. In the street, just after I had gone half past three, the prisoner came by with this bundle in his hand; I asked him what he had; he said, nothing but what was his own. I took him to the watch-house; he wanted to stop by the way, at the watch-house. I found they were women's things; he said he was taking them to his sister, in Darkhouse-lane. He was locked up that night.


                  JOHN
                   SHEPLEY
               



             sworn.
About half after three, the watchman brought in the prisoner with this bundle in his hand, and said they were some things of his own property. I took the things, and opened them; he said they were his sister's; and he said she had no place of residence at present, but was at a lodging in Darkhouse lane, and he was going to her; I told him I should keep him and the bundle. The next day I enquired, and found the prosecutor had been robbed.


                  ELIZABETH
                   BESWICK
               



             sworn.
All that I know of it is, I was confined up stairs from Wednesday night till Saturday morning, with a cold. On Saturday morning, I missed my cradle-quilt; and I found the casement open, and a pane of glass taken out of the bottom of the casement, and the lead broke; this was between ten and eleven in the forenoon; the first thing I missed, was a little curtain out of the window; we never heard any thing when it was done; then I missed the rest of my things; and the watchman came and informed me.
(The things deposed to.)
This cradle-quilt I know by the piece, and what it is made of; my mother made it me out of the bits of two beds; the aprons, one of them is twice nitched in the selvage, and the other is tore in the binding.


                  JOSEPH
                   BEYER
               



             sworn.
I only apprehended him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming up Ratcliffe-highway about three in the morning, or between two and three, and I saw a woman and a man wrangling one with the other; they went away just before I came to them; and I picked up the bundle; the watchman stopped me; I told him I had some cloaths; I wanted him to look at them; he took me to the watch-house; I have followed the sea ever since I was nine years of age, and never did any thing that was bad.
Court to Mrs. Beswick. Where had these things been on the Friday night? - I do not know.
Who was the woman that took care of you? - A young woman that is out of place. She was not there of the Friday night; it was a mistake of my husband's. I had nobody with me; nobody was in the house of the Friday night but a youngman that lodges with me, my husband and my three children.
Who was the last up that night? - My husband.
He says not? - It is merely a mistake.
Where was the young man that lodged with you? - He was in bed in our house with my child.
How is the window of that room fastened? - It is a casement with an iron button; the shutters were not fastened; my husband forgot them.
Court to Prosecutor. You did not fasten the window that night when you went to bed? - I am sure the window was fast; I forgot the shutter for two nights; I thought there was nothing in the house that any body would come in for. I did not trouble my head about the shutts.
Prisoner. This woman has made her braggs about the neighbourhood, that she would have forty pound for me. I sent for some witnesses, and they promised to come; and the captain of the ship I failed with; but they are not come.




               GUILTY. Not of the burglary
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.




[Transportation. See summary.]


