





691. 
               
                  
                     SIMON 
                     SOLOMONS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of July
 last, one deal box, value 1 s. 6 d. thirty-six pounds of soap, value 3 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Hawkins
               




            .


                  OWEN
                   LYNCH
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Hawkins; on Tuesday, the 28th of July, I pitched some soap on a pitching-block, Camomile-street


; a genteel man came and asked me to go for a coach; and I would not; he told me if it was a box of gold, he was a man sufficient enough to take care of it; I took my knot; and ran twenty yards, and got a coach; I mistrusted what they were about, and came back, and found the box was gone; I turned myself round, and saw the prisoner with the box; and I pursued him, and took him by the breast with the box; and called a constable.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. You thought this person had been a gentleman; and put confidence in him; and went for a coach? - I did think so.
Did you see the prisoner at the bar, upon the spot at the time? - I did not see him then; when he had the box, he was going towards Aldgate; he told me the first man gave him orders to carry it to the three Nuns at Aldgate.
Should not you have taken that or any other box for the same gentleman, if he had paid you? - I believe I should.
You say the gentleman and the other porter were acquainted; did you ever see them together in conversation? - I never did; I pitched the box in Camomile-street, close to the corner of Bishopsgate-street.


                  DANIEL
                   HAWKINS
               



             sworn.
(Here is the box: he deposed to it, directed to Mr. Pickering at Bishop Storford.)
Lynch. I have had the box in my possession ever since.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
