






500. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BUCKLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     OTHELLO
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d day of May
, ten pounds weight of leaden pipe, value 14 d. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Stephens
                        




                     
                  , and affixed to his dwelling house, having no claim, title, or claim of title thereto
            .
A second count, for feloniously stealing, on the same day, one boiling copper, value 20 s. belonging to the said John, affixed to a certain out house of the said John.
A third count, for feloniously stealing, on the same day, one iron frying pan, value 1 s. one padlock, value 3 d. his property.


                  JOHN
                   STEPHENS
               



             sworn.
I live in Great Warner-street, Coldbath Fields


; on the 23d of May, at four in the morning, I was called out of my bed; I came into the yard, and found the copper gone out of the brick work, and taken into the back yard; its value was twenty shillings; I found a piece of lead pipe laying close to the wall of the dwelling house, it appeared to be just fresh cut off; I found the padlock which fastened my place wrenched off close to the side of the gate in the yard, and the frying pan I found in the copper; I went to the watch-house and saw the prisoners there.


                  JAMES
                   STEEL
               



             sworn.
I was watchman at this time; I was upon duty; and the prisoners came by between three and four, they said good morning; I watched them and spoke to them; one of them was standing against the wall, and they made over the wall as soon as I spoke, and came through a house, and I took them at the door.


                  MARY
                   BOAK
               



             sworn.
I was alarmed about four in the morning by the watchman; I got up to the window and I saw the two prisoners upon the wall, at the end of our yard; I saw the prisoners come over the wall into our garden; they came across our yard, and opened the yard door and came into the house; and a person from the other side of the wall called out; and they came into our house; and they might be there ten minutes; and the watchman took them.


                  William
                   Lee
               



             the headborough took the prisoners to the watch-house, and found the things at the prosecutor's house as he describes.
(The things produced.)
PRISONER OTHELLO'S DEFENCE.
We were going to seek for work, and met the watchman; and we saw three men come out of this yard; and we were dry, and went in there to get a drink, and the watchman took us; he came with his drawn hanger, and said, now d - n you I have you; and he frightened us.
PRISONER BUCKLEY'S DEFENCE.
I say as he says.
Court to watchman. Did you see any body else about the premises? - No.
Had you your hanger drawn? - Yes.
Court to Jury. By a late act of parliament, removing these things with intent to steal, is felony.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
