






124. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th day of November
 last, eight printed paper books, bound in leather, value 8 l. two other paper books, value 2 s. and five hundred and twenty-five sheets of paper, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Boyce
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   BOYCE
               



             sworn.
On the 19th of November last, I was robbed; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; I found them at Mr. 
               
                  George
                   Gable
               



            's, in Bridges-street, Covent-garden; he described the person to me, and I knew him; he had been my journeyman two years ago; I advertised him, and he was apprehended; one of the books is not to be bought in England, which is Major Pitcarne's.


                  GEORGE
                   GABELL
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; we received a handbill, and between six and seven in the evening of the same day, a man came to our shop, and offered me a small volume for half a crown, he said he bound it himself in calf; I said it was not worth above eighteen-pence; he then produced two others, and I went to another part of the shop and he was gone, and left the books in my custody; I could not pursue him, having nobody in my shop; I sent to Mr. Boyce, and on the Monday following I saw the prisoner at Litchfield-street-office; I knew him directly; I picked him out from seven or eight people; the prisoner is the man; these are the books that he left.
(The books deposed to.)


                  JOHN
                   TELMARSH
               



             sworn.
I am positive that these are two of the books that I bound for Mr. Boyce.


                  SAMUEL
                   HITCH
               



             sworn.
I am an apprentice to Mr. Boyce; on Sunday the 19th, about ten in the morning, I saw these books lay upon the table.


                  ELIZABETH
                   HULFORD
               



             sworn.
I am niece and servant to the prosecutor; on Sunday evening, about a quarter past eight, I went out to fetch a pot of beer; I found the door latched; I came back and latched it again; it was about nine I came down stairs to let my father and mother out, I found both the doors open, and I called my uncle down stairs, and I went into the shop, and I missed the books directly.
Court. You are sure the door was latched when you went up stairs? - Yes.


                  JULIUS
                   LYON
               



             sworn.
I met with the prisoner according to the advertisement, and brought him to Litchfield-street; I sent for the prosecutor, he said it was the man that was advertised; he sent for the pawnbroker, and he came and said it was the man that brought the books to pawn.
Did you point the man out to him? - No.
Mr. Garrow. Who are you? - I have attended at the Rotation-office these eight months.
Prisoner. I am innocent; I have two people to prove where I was at the time the robbery was committed.


                  THOMAS
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
On the 19th of November, I was at the Bell, the corner of Cherry-garden-stairs, Rotherhithe; I saw the prisoner there; I went away about seven; I have not seen him since till now; I believe that is the gentlemen there.


                  HENRY
                   YORK
               



             sworn.
I keep the Bell at Cherry-garden-stairs; I know the prisoner, and the witness: on the 19th of November, which was Sunday, the prisoner was at my house, at eight he paid his reckoning, and then he called for another three-penny-worth; he had but a silver threepence in his pocket, and I have it now; he desired me to keep it for him; he had been there two or three hours, and was a little intoxicated; he had some company with him, and Hall was there; the prisoner went away about twenty minutes after eight.
The prisoner called three more witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
