






815. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     BANKS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
 last, a wicker basket, value 6 d. and sixteen dead geese, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Knell
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   POWIS
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner take the flat, on Michaelmas day; the prosecutor is a watchman
 to the Poultry market, it is in Leadenhall-market


; I was picking a goose; I saw the prisoner take a flat of geese off the stall, there were sixteen geese; it was between twelve and one; I cannot tell what he did with it; he took it away as high as the London tavern; I called to one 
               
                  Charles
                   Cane
               



            , a journeyman poulterer, opposite to me; the prisoner is the man; the geese belonged to one 
               
                  Thomas
                   Walch
               



            , a salesman: Knell is the watchman left in the guard of the whole market, both day and night.
Court. Suppose any thing is lost in the market, does he make it good? - Yes, he pays for every thing that is lost.


                  LEWIS
                   GREENUP
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner four days after; I found no property on him.
Court to 
               
                  Mary
                   Cowey
               



            . Did you see the geese in the flat? - I did.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of it; I worked very hard that day; I took two flats out of the market, into Lime-street, they were tied down; I do not know what was in them.
Jury. How came you to see the geese in this flat, before the salesman came? - They were put for sale in the market; I saw it open, and the geese in it; and it was tied up again.
Prisoner. It was not a load that any man could run away with; I suppose it was two hundred weight; it was not a thing that a person could put into their pocket; they say they were fat geese.
Jury. Is the journeyman poulterer here that pursued him?
Prosecutor. The young man let him escape, and would not swear to him before the lord mayor.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
