





124. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HARRISON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               felonionsly stealing, on the 9th of December
, one wooden till, value 4 d. a piece of base metal made to the likeness of a shilling, value 2 d. and twenty-eight shillings in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Grainger
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   GRAINGER
               



             sworn.
I am a publican
, I was robbed about half past seven this day week of my till and money, the till was in the bar, my girl called me down and said Mr. Harrison has got the till, I seized him with the till, he was taken before the Justice.


                  ELIZABETH
                   HANWELL
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Grainger, I saw the prisoner at our house seven between and eight, he called for a pint of beer, and was standing by the bar door; there is a little window at the head of the cellar stairs, and I saw the prisoner go into the bar, I was looking through this window to the head of the cellar stairs, he went to the till and took it out, I came round and said Mr. Harrison has got the till, he put the flap of his coat over it, my master jumped and catched him in the passage, and took the till out of his hand.
Court. Were there many people in the room? - Only two or three.
(The till produced.)
- CRISPER sworn.
I am a carman, and I was sitting down by the fire, I helped to seize the prisoner, and saw the till taken out of his hand.
PRISONER 's DEFENCE.
I went into the bar for a pipe, and I saw this till open, and I took it, and gave it to Mr. Grainger, I thought it would have been lost.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
