





519. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEAPER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d day of May
, one hundred pounds weight of lead, value 12 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Nicholas Francis 
                           Beckman
                        




                     
                  , fixed to a certain building of his
            , against the statute.
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  THOMAS
                   CRAWLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a yearly servant to Mr. Beckman; about half past two on the Wednesday morning, I went out, and took a stick in my hand, and I saw the prisoner on the warehouse, in the gutter; I said to him, d - n your eyes, do not stir, I have got you; to which he said, d - n your eyes, you lye, you b - r; upon that I knocked him down, and he ran over upon a necessary, and my fellow servant 
               
                  John
                   Law
               



             and me took him, and gave him to the patrol; the lead was missing, and thrown down on some waste ground; there were two pieces cut out of the gutter, and then the remaining part was lifted off; it was newly cut, and a knife found on the house; the garden belonged to another house; Icould get to the garden from the gutter with ease; I saw the lead compared, and it fitted the gutter; I never lost sight of the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   LAW
               



             sworn.
Confirmed the evidence of the last witness.


                  JAMES
                   SADDLER
               



             sworn.
I took charge of the prisoner and the lead.


                  THOMAS
                   CODEN
               



             sworn.
I am a plumber; I matched this lead; it corresponded; it weighed one hundred and four pounds.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been out a drinking.
The prisoner called three witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
