





443. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th day of April
, one man's box great coat, value 18 s. one linen towel, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Vansittart
                  




               
            , Esq
;


                  GEORGE
                   GRAVES
               



             sworn.
I am coachman to Mr. Vansittart, this box coat was taken away last Sunday night, the 18th of this month, from the stable, it was hanging on a peg; I never knew the prisoner before; I saw my coat not a quarter of an hour before I missed it, it was a little before twelve at night, he got into the stable with a key; the post-boy came in with the carriage and saw the coat; this is my property; I locked the stable door and went to bed.
A WITNESS sworn.
I left the stable about five minutes, and I heard somebody come down the yard, I got up, and I opened the door gently, and I saw a man open Mr. Vansittart's door, I heard some hay rattle, and I watched him; I saw him go in, and I called assistance; I went in and he was behind the door; he said he came to lay down; while we stood round him, I saw him throw something away, this is the key we found among the litter, on the Tuesday after we found another key among the dung, which is this, we found it cleaning the stable, it had not been totally cleaned out since the fact.
When had it been cleaned out before? - On Saturday night, I did not see it then: after we took the man we sent for the coachman, he was gone to his master's house, and when he came the coat was behind the door where the prisoner stood; this linen cloth hung on a nail behind the door, it was taken out of his pocket at the watch-house; here is another key that was found on the Wednesday following, in the same stable.
Which of the keys opened the door? - That that was found on the Tuesday, it will open most of the doors in the yard.
Court to Graves. Where had you hung up your great coat? - On the farther side of the stable, not behind the door.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On Sunday night, I had been drinking all day, I was very much in liquor, and I went in there to lay down; I know nothing of the things; my witnesses were here all the morning, but now are gone to dinner.



               GUILTY
            





               Transported seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice NARES.
