





685. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  STONE
               



             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Davis
                        




                     
                  , on the 9th of August
, and stealing therein, two linen sheets, value 6 s.
             the property of the said 
               
                  William
                   Davis
               



            .


                  WILLIAM
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I lost the sheets mentioned in the indictment, but I did not detect the prisoner, my wife did; I saw him go up stairs, on the 9th of August; I live at No. 5, Goodwin's-yard, in the Minories


.
What time of the day was it? - Between the hours of one and two.
What else did you see? - I did not see any thing more; my wife will give you an account of what passed afterwards; I did not suspect him, because I thought he was going to the person who lodges up one pair of stairs.
MARGARET DAVIS sworn.
It was past one when I heard a great noise.
Do you know what day of the week it was? - Thursday, the 9th of August, I went up one pair of stairs, I found the door fast; I went up to the two pair of stairs, and I found that door fast; I was going up the other pair of stairs, and I met the prisoner coming down with a pair of sheets in his hand; as soon as he saw me, he dropped the sheets behind him, and wanted to sit down, I would not let him; he appeared to me to be very ill, or drunk, or something.
Who lived up three pair of stairs? - Nobody; my husband and I slept in that room.
Produce the sheets.
(The sheets produced.)
Are those the sheets you took up, and that you saw the prisoner drop? - Yes.
Are they your sheets? - Yes.
Where had they been? - This sheet lay on the bed the night before, and this sheet lay at the bed's foot.
When had you seen them last? - I left the room about ten in the morning when I came down with some soul clothes.
Were they there then? - Yes, my Lord, and I locked the door.

Did you go up stairs after you had found the sheets on the stairs? - Yes, immediately after, and I found the room door burst open, and all the things strewed about the room.
Are there any particular marks on those sheets? - No.
Then how do you know them, any further than by meeting the prisoner upon the stairs, and finding the sheets there? - When I went up stairs, I missed them from the bed, and he left the under sheet lying upon the bed, he did not take that off.
Then you found the under sheet on, but the upper one was gone? - Yes.
How could any body get in? - I locked the door and laid the key on the chimney-piece in the kitchen.
Was the door open when you went up? - The hinge of the door was broke off, and the lock was still on.
Did you see the sheets in the prisoner's hands? - I saw them dropping behind him at the time; I knew he had broke the door open when I saw the sheets.
Was the noise you heard, like the noise of breaking open a door? - Yes.
Had you any marks on those sheets? - No marks, but when I saw them I knew them.
Can you take upon you to swear with certainty that they are your sheets? - My husband has some cloth of the same.
Jury. There can be no doubt about it.
Prisoner. I was not in my senses.
He says he was not in his senses; you say he appeared as if he had been drinking or something like that? - He did, and he seemed to sit, but I would not let him.
Did you speak to him? - I told him directly I saw him, that he broke the door open, and he said he wanted to go to sleep.
Jury. Had you ever seen him before? - Never in my life.


                  ANN
                   COOLEY
               



             sworn.
As I was going out between one and two; I saw a man standing at a distance from the door; when I came home I heard a noise up stairs, and presently I saw my landlady and the prisoner coming down stairs, and she had hold of him by the lap of his coat, she asked me if I knew him; I told her I had never seen him before that I know'd of; I asked him what business he had up stairs, and he said he come to put up the heel of his shoe; I told him it was very odd for him to come there to put up the heel of his shoe, and he must have come there on some other business; and then he said he came to seek his sister.
Had he any sister there lived thereabouts? - No.
What else passed? - I asked him his his sister's name; when I asked him that he could not give any answer, and he said he wanted to sleep, then there was no more passed, then Mr. Davis detected him.
Did he appear drunk, or mad, or insane? - He rather appeared in liquor.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was very much in liquor and don't know what I did; I happened to be at the prosecutor's house, and had got a little beer more than ordinary; and as I was coming along, I saw a man come out of this house and drop a bundle, and I went and picked it up, and tumbled down in the entry: I work for Mr. Felton of Highgate; I have got a wife and five small children; I never did such a thing in all my life; I always work'd hard for my bread, and never did such a thing since I was born.



               Guilty of stealing
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
