





74. 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     CURTIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
 last, a satin waistcoat, value 12 d. a pair of nankeen breeches, value 12 d. a pair of corduroy ditto, value 18 d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 12 d. a velveret waistcoat, value 12 s. a linen waistcoat, value 6 d. a pair of cloth breeches, value 12 d. another pair of ditto, value 6 d. a cloth waistcoat, value 2 s. and one shirt, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Marsh
                  




               
            :


                  CHARLES
                   MARSH
               



             sworn. 
On the 20th of August, I got up in the morning about a quarter before five, and went into the yard; I heard a woman's voice in the necessary, and the prisoner came out; she said she was in liquor, and had slipped in the night before, and fell asleep on the stairs; Mr. Blair, who lives in the same house, came out; we questioned her, and let her go; when I came up stairs, I missed the things in the indictment; on the 21st of last month, I found the same person at my door, without her shoes; I took her into custody; she enquired then for a strange name; I knew her immediately, and sent for Mr. Blair, who knew her also; I never found any of my other things again, but those that were taken out of the necessary.


                  JAMES
                   BLAIR
               



             sworn.
Deposed to the same effect, and added, that he heard a foot go softly up stairs, and come down again harder, on the night before the 19th of August, when she was found in the morning in the necessary.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going through Cranbourn-alley, and I met a man; he gave me a crown, and told me to go to his lodging, at the prosecutor's house, and to open the door softly because his landlady was ill; at the door he told me to take off my shoes while he went to get a bit of candle; and they came and took me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
