







823. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LUTWICHE
                  




                     WILLIAM 
                     WALLACE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MILNE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th day of October
, one cotton waistcoat, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Harrod
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   HARROD
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 4, in Manor-row, Tower-hill


; I am a slop seller
; I can only swear to my property.


                  HANNAH
                   HARROD
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  John
                   Harrod
               



            ; I know the three prisoners; they came to my shop on the 5th of October, about four in the afternoon; nobody was at home but myself; they asked to look at some jackets, and as they came in, I observed one of them pull at a waistcoat that hung at the door; I went and took it down, and while I had it in my hand one of them asked me the price of it; I hung it up in the window, and they asked to look at another; I took it out of the window, and they asked me the price of that, and I told them; then they asked to look at some blue cloth jackets; one of them put on one and pulled it off; and asked to look at a shagg waistcoat, he put it on, and said, it was too little, he could not button it, and he wished I would see if I could; I told him, no; the tallest of them wanted to shut the door; he pushed the door half way to; and I told them the door must not be shut; and he said, what did I mean, did I think they were thieves; and I told them, I did not know; and they said, they were honest men, and men that could pay for what they had; and that they were just come from on board a ship from Blackwall; that it was better to lay out their money for things for themselves, than to let the bed women have it; he bid me reach him down another under waistcoat; they were all three in the shop at the same time; I turned round to reach another for the prisoner Lutwitche, and the prisoner Wallace was gone, he had taken a waistcoat out of the window where I had hung it up before; I missed it directly; when I missed the man I was afraid; I had nobody in the house but a servant maid, which I called down directly to take a child I had in my arms; when I said the man had taken the waistcoat; a person stepped into the shop, and said they had taken him; he was stopped directly in the passage by the neighbours that saw him go out with it; the others were in the shop at the time; then the prisoner Milne said, he wished he had pushed to the door and left my nose black; then the runners were sent for, and they were taken away directly; they bought nothing.
Then Lutwiche tried on the things, and Wallace ran away with the waistcoat, and Milne tried to shut the door? - Yes.
Did they come in together? - Yes; they appeared to be acquainted and talked one to another while they were looking at the jacket.


                  JOSEPH
                   TILL
               



             sworn.
I stopped the prisoner Wallace: the first of my taking notice was, they went into a pawnbroker's shop, all three of them, which is opposite our window, and I saw a little scuffle with the master of the shop, and in five minutes after that they went away and went down the street, and about five minutes they came up the street again, and went into Mr. Harrod's shop, and going into the shop, there was some waistcoats hanging at the door, and the prisoner Milne laid hold of one waistcoat and made a snatch to pull it off, and it was so tight he could not get it off; I said to our man, them men are gone into Mr. Harrod's shop; I watched them, and in about ten minutes I saw the prisoner Wallace run out, with a waistcoat; I immediately ran after him, and stopped him with the waistcoat upon him.
(The waistcoat produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER LUTWICHE'S DEFENCE.
I went into this shop; I met Wallace who was an old shipmate of mine; I stood in the shop; I never was in the pawnbroker's shop.
What are you, a sailor? - Yes.
PRISONER WALLACE'S DEFENCE.
I was not in the pawnbroker's shop; I picked up the waistcoat at the door.
PRISONER MILNE'S DEFENCE.
I had some wages owing me for the Irish frigate; I met Lutwiche, he was a shipmate; and a little time after this Wallace came in; I never saw him before in my life.
Were they searched? - I believe not.
What ship did you belong to.
Lutwiche. I belonged to the Alfred a seventy-four.
Was you out of employ? - I came here to receive my pension money.
Prisoner Wallace. I am a sailor
; I was working at lumping
.
Court to Prisoner Milne. What was you about? - I was working on board the Bombay Castle, at Blackwall.




               GUILTY, 4 s
            .
Each 




               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
