






517. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WALKER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of June
 last, seven pair of metal buckles, plated with silver, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Thompson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I keep a hardware shop
; on the 9th of June, about three in the afternoon, the prisoner came to buy a pair of plated buckles, he did buy a pair and paid for them, afterwards my man missed another pair of plated buckles, in consequence of his being charged with having stolen that pair, and the fear of being searched, he pulled out of his pocket seven other pair which he put on the counter; and we sent for 
               
                  Davis
               


             the constable; the buckles were all mine, he bought only one pair.
Jury. How did you know them? - My mark was on them.
The buckles produced by 
               
                  James
                   Davis
               



            , the beadle of Bridge-ward, who kept them ever since, and received them from Mr. Thompson, and deposed to by 
               
                  John
                   Thompson
               



            .
The prisoner delivered in a written defence which was read as follows:
Gentlemen,
You perceive how slight and trifling the offence is with which I am charged; an illiterate and ignorant man presumes to intreat your lordship's assistance, he has no friends or money in this very aukward and critical situation, but he humbly craves the humanity of this most honourable Court, being two hundred miles from home, living in Yorkshire, and his wife and family there.
(The prisoner here fainted and some water was ordered by the Court.)
Court. How long have you been in town?
Prisoner. About three weeks, I came with some horses, I bring up horses for dealers, there is Mr. Dymock, in Oxford-road, has been two or three times with me in prison, he is gone to some fair, and the gentleman where I lodged came to appear to my character three or four times, but he thought my trial was not to come on to night.
Court. If you have any people of credit in town to give you a character, let them come on Tuesday.



               GUILTY
            .
(


               Transported for seven years
            .
(The prisoner brought nobody afterwards to his character.)
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
