





31. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HANSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d day of December
 last, twenty-seven dead fowls, value 15 s. two dead geese, value 4 s. two dead ducks, value 18 d. and one pound weight of sausages, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Haslar
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HASLAR
               



             sworn.
I live in Oxford Market


, I am a poulterer
; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, on the 4th of December, and on the 8th of December I saw the prisoner at the watch-house with six dead fowls, which he said he bought at a shilling apiece, I found nothing else.


                  THOMAS
                   BALL
               



             sworn.
I am a higler, I come from Hanwell-heath, I sold the prosecutor twelve fowls, the 1st of this month, they were picked and fit for sale; and they were the very fowls that I sold Mr. Haslar, I am sure of it, I killed them and picked them myself, and I can swear to my fowls in ever a poulterer's shop in London; I do not pick them like other people, I have a different way of picking them, there are different ways of setting a fowl, I know my fowls, and I know the fowls of another man that lives by me.
Court to Prosecutor. Can every higler swear to his own fowls? - The countries differ, and this man sets his fowls fuller than most.
Do you know this man's fowls that you bought of him? - They had been thrown in the dirt, and very much disfigured, or else I could have sworn to them.
Court to Ball. Were they clean when you saw them? - No.
- ACTON sworn.
I am the prosecutor's journeyman, when I came to the shop, the 4th of this month, about eight in the morning, I found the staple broke off, and the padlock gone, and twenty-seven large fowls, two large geese, and two large ducks missing; I saw the dead fowls with the prisoner, I cannot swear to them, but I am sure they are my master's.
Court. Then why cannot you swear to them? - Because I would not wish to swear to them.
Prosecutor. This man is only a porter, he is not a poulterer.


                  THOMAS
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
I and 
               
                  Philip
                   Welch
               



             took the prisoner, the 4th of December, in Holborn, with six fowls; he said, he had some things of his own, and I might go home with him if I liked; he would not let me see them, nor have them at first; after that, he says, d - n your eyes! take them; the fowls lay in the mud a few minutes, they were in a handkerchief not tied; going along I asked him where he got them, and he said, he knew better than to tell me, I gave information at every public-house, and the prosecutor heard of it.


                  PHILIP
                   WELCH
               



             sworn,
Confirmed the above account.
Court to Ball. Were the heads on the fowls? - Yes.
Is it by the heads you swear to them? - No, I cannot form any idea to you, but by what I have in my own breast.
Jury to Ball. Did you sell any other person in the same trade, fowls of the same sort, as those you sold to the prosecutor that day? - No.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I bought six fowls for six shillings, I told the men so that took me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
