





414. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SALMONS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May
, one carcass of a dead sheep, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Preston
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Elsbee
                  



               
            .


                  FRANCIS
                   PRESTON
               



             sworn.
I am a butcher

; my partner's name is 
               
                  William
                   Elsbee
               



            , I lost a carcase of mutton, on the 20th of May out of our cart


                  WILLIAM
                   ELSBEE
               



             sworn.
I am partner with the last witness; I know nothing of it; I bought the sheep of Mr. King.
Mr. Peat, prisoner's counsel. Was you a partner at the time this sheep was lost? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   COUGH
               



             sworn.
I went to fetch the sheep from the market; I put it into the cart from Mr. King; it was eight in the morning, the 20th of May, when I went to fetch another, the first was stole; I went to look about for it, and one Mr. Kenrick told me where it was; I found one side of the sheep at Mr. Loosley's, in Aldersgate-street; the other side was gone; I could not swear to it; all I know is, I found a side of multon at Mr. Loosley's.
Mr. Peat. How many minutes was it before you returned with the second sheep? - About three minutes.


                  WILLIAM
                   KENRICK
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner take a sheep out of the cart; I live opposite the market, where the cart stood; I had a suspicion of him, and I followed him to Mr. Loosley's, in Aldersgate-street; I immediately informed the man of it; I heard him ask a man at Mr. Loosley's, to give him leave to hang the sheep up; I went back with him to shew him Mr. Loosley's.
Mr. Peat. How far was you from the cart? - Between five and six yards; I was rather on an elevation; I was rubbing my windows.
Could you see the sheep as it laid in the cart? - I could not, but I could see him raise up the sheep; I am quite sure the prisoner is the man; when we got to Mr. Loosley's, the sheep was divided, and one half was gone.


                  JOHN
                   WILKINSON
               



             sworn.
I saw the witness Couch take a sheepfrom King's it was Preston's and Elbee's; I was present when he bought it
Mr. Peat. What business is the prisoner? - A butcher; he was 'prentice in Fleet-market.
Did the prisoner buy any carecases of you that day? - No.


                  WILLIAM
                   FAWCETT
               



             sworn.
This prisoner came in the morning to Mr. Loosley's shop, and asked me to rest a sheep there; he said it was heavy, and he had to carry it as far as Islington; he brought it on his shoulder; then he asked me to lend him a tray, and he took away one side with him, and hung the other side up in the shop; he came back again in about three quarters of an hour after for the other side, and he was taken in the shop; I am sure he is the same man that brought the sheep, and hung it up.
Mr. Peat. Did you ever see him before? - Yes.
The sheep he cleaved in your shop? - Yes.
An open shop? - Yes; there was me and the other man who was writing.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been with a side of beef on a horse to my master's, and when I had been with the side of beef, I came back to Newgate-street; I had left my horse; I was standing looking at the horse, and a person came to me like a butcher, a lusty good looking man; he said, will you take this for me to Mr. Loosley's; I then cleaved it down, and took one side to Mr. Pigot's, Cow-cross, and left the other at Mr. Loosly's shop; when I returned, the person that employed me was not there.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


