





134. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     ROSTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Walker
                        




                     
                  , widow
, about the hour of six in the night, on the 26th of December
 last, and burglariously stealing therein a pair of linen sheets, value 2 s. a silk bonnet, value 2 s. three night caps, value 6 d. a silk stomacher, value 1 d. a silk handkerchief, value 2 d. a pillow bier, value 2 d. her property
            .


                  ANN
                   WALTER
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 66, in the Old Bailey


; on Wednesday the 26th of December, I heard a fall of something over my head, about six in the evening, or thereabouts; I went up stairs, I was in the kitchen, mine is a private house; the noise seemed to be in my own chamber, which is over the kitchen, I found the door was unlocked, and bolted on the inside, I could not open it; I went round to Mr. Billing, who lodges in the house, whose trunk and box were there, and he went up with me and tried it again, but found it was still fast; upon which I was convinced there was somebody in the room; I went down, Mr. Billing went to call assistance, and a Mr. Roach came over, who lodged by, and Mr. Billing and Mr. Roach went to open the door, and the door was then open; I was below, I left them together, when I heard say it was a woman, and heard a woman's voice, I went up; when I went up I saw the woman stand there, that prisoner is the woman, and has been in custody ever since.
What did she say for herself? - She said that a young man let her into the room; I asked her how she came in, for I had locked the door; she said a young man let her in, unlocked or unbolted the door; she could not say which; there was no bolt on the outside, it was within; she was searched, but there was nothing found upon her.
Then you had not lost any thing? - Nothing was taken out of the room, but the sheets were taken from the bed, and every little thing that laid about put into a pillow case that was taken off the pillow.
In what state did you find the room; were any of the doors or windows forced? - No, not at all; somebody held out their hand, and gave me a key, which in my slurry I thought was my own key, but found the next day it was a strange key; there was nobody present but the people that are here; my servant went out about half past one; I went up before four, and double locked the door, and put the key into my pocket; when I heard the noise I said, my God, there is somebody in my room, I am afraid.
Were the windows shut? - They were shut; they were casement windows, and a two pair of stairs room.
What time had you been up? - Rather before four.
Not after that? - No.
So that what time she got into the room you cannot tell? - The street door was open.

What things were in this pillow-case? - There was a pair of sheets, three nightcaps, and a stomacher of mine.
To you know the things to be yours? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   BILLING
               



             sworn.
Mrs. Walter was very much frightened at somebody being in her room, she came to me, I being up stairs; I went with her, she unlocked the door, but it was bolted on the inside, she could not get in; then she went down to see for somebody to help us; I stood still, and heard somebody paddle about the room, I was sure there was somebody within; Mr. Roach came and assisted, and he tried to break the door open; we pushed three or four times, and could not; then she opened the door; I took hold of her arm, she said, do not hurt me, I am nothing but a girl of the town; I said I will not hurt you, but take care of you; this is the woman that was found in the room; some things were locked up in the trunk; I asked her how she came in; she said she was let in by a young man; there was nobody else in the room.


                  CATHERINE
                   MUNN
               



             sworn,
I live with Mrs. Walter; I went out at three.
(The things produced that were in the pillow bier.)
To the constable. Who did you get the things from? - From Mr. Billing; they have been in my possession ever since; I searched her, and found a great number of duplicates.
Prosecutor. I know the pillow-case, it is marked with a B. I bought it second hand, she took it from the pillow; the sheets are not marked.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going along last Wednesday was fortnight, a gentleman asked me where I was going, and asked me to go to his room; I went up stairs with him; he opened the door, and I sat down; he said he would be up in less than half an hour, he bid me bolt myself in, and he did not come; I went to go out, and a box of something fell down.




               GUILTY, Of the stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
