





758. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PENN
                  



               
             (A Negro
) was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of October
, one dimity waistcoat, value 5 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ridgway
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   RIDGWAY
               



             sworn.
I am a salesman
 in Middle-row, Holborn


, I lost a waistcoat the 4th of October, about nine in the morning, the prisoner came with a pretence of buying some clothes, and he secreted a waistcoat in his breeches.
Court. Did you see him do it? - My servant served him, I know nothing about it, my servant told me he had got something, he agreed for some clothes, and he desired a bill might be made out, and he would go to his master and fetch the money, then he went out, and I asked the man if he was sure he had any thing about him, he said he was positive he had a waistcoat in his breeches; I sent my man after him, he was upon the run, and he brought him back into the shop, and then he whipped out a white shirt out of his breeches, and laid it on some goods, and Mr. Marden the constable, who was there, went backwards and searched him, and found the waistcoat in his breeches.


                  GEORGE
                   BAYNES
               



             sworn.
I perceived the prisoner have something between his shirt and his skin, at the top of his breeches waistband, as I was shewing him some clothes, I mentioned it to my master, and when he had put on his clothes, he ordered a bill of the clothes.
Court. You did not see him take any thing then? - No, I did not, I only saw something between his shirt and his skin.


                  WILLIAM
                   MARDEN
               



             sworn.
I am the constable, I found a waistcoat in the prisoner's breeches.
(The waistcoat produced and deposed to.)
Court. Was there any waistcoat in the bill that he ordered? - Yes there was, but he took another waistcoat.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I just come from abroad with my master, I am a stranger here, my master gave me three guineas, and paid for my coach to come up here, to get some of my money owing me in the city; coming along I met three men walking by the shop door, this man asked me if I wanted any clothes, I tell him no, he says I use you well, I tell him no I would not, he says well come in, I will give you a card, then you will know the house again; then I went to receive some of my money, then I went home to my lodgings, the next day I received part of my money, and came back, and I shewed the card, and they shewed me the shop, and this man took me into a little dark place, then we were by ourselves, then he began and asked me, there is a fine waistcoat, and a fine coat; I bought a waistcoat cost me a guinea, I bought another waistcoat cost me ten shillings, and two shirts and a pair of stockings, and I went away and carried them home, going by I met that man again, he say why do not I come and buy some more clothes, I say yes, I went in, he say if you have money give it me, and let me have it for to keep, let not the man at the door know any thing of it, this man belonging to the shop he say give it me for keep, I tell him very well, I called again for my money, I was going to my master, by say very well, call by and by. I went and I received seven shillings; then I came to him and asked him for my money, and he tell me, why come inside, if you want new clothes, I give you clothes; I say if you will give me clothes for my money, I take it, they took me into the dark place again, he gave me this shirt and waistcoat, he put them into my pocket, he say you must not let this man at the door know any thing of it, then he caught hold of me and swore I robbed him; that man gave me the waistcoat and shirt for my money.
Court to Ridgway. Did you know this man before? - I have seen him in the shop before, I believe five or six times.
Has he laid out money with you? - Yes, but how much I cannot say.
Did he ever leave any money in the hands of you, or any of the people in your shop? - Not as I know of, he left none with me, I was up stairs.


                  George
                   Baynes
               



            . The prisoner has been several times at our shop, the last time he stole a frock.
Court. Did he ever leave any money with you to take care of for him? - No, my Lord.
Did he with any of your people? - No, my Lord, he has dealt at that shop about two or three times.
In the course of how much time? - I cannot recollect.
Court. He says you desired him to leave his money in your hands, and you would take care of it? - I never saw any money of his but only when he bought a coat, and waistcoat, and breeches.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





               Transported to Africa for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
