






563. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     POVEY
                  



               
             were indicted for that 


               they, about the hour of one in the night of the 12th day of July, into a certain garden ground, belonging to one 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Phillips
                        




                     
                  , unlawfully did enter, and six plants called melons, value 12 s. belonging to him from and out of the said garden ground without his consent, unlawfully, feloniously and wilfully did break and destroy
            .
A second count, For stealing the same.


                  SAMUEL
                   PHILLIPS
               



             sworn.
I am a gardner
 at Bethnal-green; on Thursday morning the 13th of July about two o'clock I got up to go to market, and I found my cart-house door broke open, and a quantity of onions stolen away; I then looked on my melon frames, and found the plants spoiled and destroyed, and the fruit taken away; I saw the fruit at half past ten that night, they were upon the frames, it was a hot bed, with a frame round it, but no frames at bottom; the melons are in court; after that when I went to Newgate-market, I told Mr. Mosely the fruiterer, that I had lost six of the melons; and on the Friday evening I was informed that these two melons had been offered for sale by the prisoners.
Mr. Garrow, counsel for the prosecution. Did you go to Mr. Moseley's? - I did not go that evening.
Court. What is the value of these melons? - Twelve shillings; I found three melons at Mr. Moseley's; I lost six.
Were they the same sort of melons that you lost? - The very identical thing, the same size and growth, the same sort of fruit; I am sure they are mine; the prisoner 
               
                  William
                   Jones
               



             worked for me seven weeks ago, he left me about that time; I know nothing of the other man.
Prisoner. Are there not more melons that come to market of the same size, here is no particular mark upon them? - Here is a melon, with a particular mark here that I can swear to, a mouse gnawed it an evening or two before it was lost, that makes me more positive, or else I could not have sworn to it.


                  THOMAS
                   MOSELEY
               



             sworn.
I am a fruiterer opposite the Mansion-house; on Friday last the two prisoners came into my shop and asked me if I would buy any melons, I said, yes; they asked me eighteen pence for one; the value of this melon if ripe, and fit for sale is fifteen shillings, that occasioned me to have some suspicions; I had not a doubt whose melons they were, for I knew the growth of the prosecutor's melons, and he spoke to me in the morning; I told them to fetch the rest; when they came back, I asked them where t hey got them; they said, from one Mr. Smith of Islington, that a hog had routed them out, and they were to sell them for two shillings a-piece; I knew Mr. Smith, and that he was not a melon grower, he is a florist; I took them into custody, and before the Magistrate they said, Mr. Smith lived at Kingsland, and the third day they said, they met Mr. Smith in town.
What may be the value of the three? - About twelve shillings I should imagine, but it is impossible to ascertain a value, in the state they are, because they are utterly unfit to sell; no man that grew them would cut them, nor any fruiterer buy them.
Prisoners. We have no witnesses; Mr. Smith gave us these melons to sell; he asked us first to buy them; he told us he lived at Islington, nobody would go after him.


                  WILLIAM
                   JONES PETER POVEY
               







               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
