





858. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     FOSGATE
                  , otherwise 
                     
WILLIAM JENKINS




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of September
, a cloth coat, value 30 s. a shirt, value 3 s. a waistcoat, value 4 s. a pair of stockings, value 3 s. another pair, value 4 s. two handkerchiefs, value 2 s. a pair of shoes, value 6 s. a handkerchief, value 12 d. 
            the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Wilson
                  




               
            .
The Witnesses examined apart.


                  GEORGE
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I am a shoemaker
 in King-street, Westminster


, I know the prisoner, he was a journeyman
 to my father; I put my cloaths into the box on the 24th day, they were taken on the 24th day of September, about ten o'clock; the box was in the room where we were at work; about twelve I went up to take a pair of buckles out; the shoes and all the things were there then; about one, or a quarter after, I was sitting in the parlour with my father, and saw the prisoner walk out; I thought I peceived a bundle under his coat, I had no suspicion; I went up in a little time, and looked in my box and missed my things; we went in pursuit of the prisoner, and looked into every public-house; he came out of one house; I took him by the collar; he was then taken to the Poultry-Compter; eleven shillings was found upon him; after that I went back again to take account of the house; he ran away when we pursued him; he ran with his face down and looking backwards; I never got any of my property.


                  EDWARD
                   LARGE
               



             sworn.
What age are you; - Almost sixteen; I am an apprentice to the prosecutor; I was in the room when the clothes were put in the box, and before; I was in the room when my master's son took the buckles out of his shoes; then the clothes were in the box; I asked the prisoner to fetch me a pennyworth of pudding; he declined it because he had no money to fetch himself any dinner; I told him I would lend him a penny if he would fetch mine; so he went for two penny-worth; I was in the roomtill I was called to dinner; I and the other two apprentices went down and left the prisoner in the room; I never saw him from that time; he was not up stairs when I came from dinner; it was a two pair of stairs room; my master's other son and his wife were in the one pair of stairs room; he did not go down; the son's name is 
               
                  John
                   Wilson
               



            .
Prisoner. I came out of the room with them.


                  JOHN
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I live in the one pair of stairs room in my father's house; I went up, as near as I can tell, about twelve, into the room where the prisoner usually worked and laid; he was sitting at that time on the box looking out of the window; the apprentice asked him to feth a penny-worth of pudding, I heard him decline it because he had no money for dinner; Large, lent him a penny; he fetched two penny-worth of plumb-pudding; I saw them eating it; then I came down between one and two; I heard a noise in the house, and I found my father had lost his clothes. I went with my brother in pursuit of him; it was about five hours after the robbery; when we took him we said, we have got you now, you have taken the things away; and he said, now you have got me, what will you do with me; we first saw him in Long-alley, Moorfields, about twelve yards distance, at a public-house door; I was past him; I looked behind me, and saw him come out of the door of a house in Long-alley, and cross into a passage; I said Josh! Josh! here he is! he saw me; he had his face over his shoulder, watching me for some distance; when I got into Moorfields, I lost him; he ran all the way till he was taken; nobody else was running; I found eleven shillings in his pocket.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was in this public-house; I heard the cry of stop thief! and ran with the rest of the people. The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            ,




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
