





450. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MOSEING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of April
, two silver table spoons, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     York
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   YORK
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner six years, he came backwards and forwards where I lived; I went out in the afternoon when the robbery happened, and came home about nine in the evening; the spoons were taken out of my box, the key was in my box, but the box was not locked, it was last Monday three weeks, the room was locked, but the prisoner had the liberty to come in the room; he used to come and see the young woman that lodged in the same room; the key was left in the one pair of stairs, and our room was the two pair of stairs; I did not miss them till the constable came the next morning, and brought the prisoner with him and the spoons, I looked in my box, and they were not there.
- THOMPSON sworn.
On Tuesday the 6th of April, the prisoner brought two spoons to pledge, at Mr. Faws, in Fleet-market, he had a very mean appearance, they suspected he had stole them, and we secured the spoons; when he owned whose they were, we took the man into custody, and went with him to the prosecutrix; he acknowledged he had the spoons from there; the young man pleaded he had a right to take them out, he said he had a right to every thing in that room; he thought that every thing that was in that room belonged to that young woman.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went to see this woman, I went into the room to see what was left for me, I saw the spoons, I went and pledged them, and the man stopped me, I understood that every thing in the room was her's, I did not know that the other woman had a box there; I frequently have had a key whenever I thought proper, I will be judged by the young woman herself.
Court to Prosecutrix. Did he know you lodged in that room? - Yes.
Could he have mistaken your box for the other young woman's? - No.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
