






542. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LEVY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WELCH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the house of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Jacobs
                        




                     
                   at one in the night on the 8th of July
 last, and stealing one large copper, value 10 s. one copper saucepan, value 3 s. and one brass boiling pot, value 3 s. the property of the said Elizabeth
            .
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the jury.


                  ELIZABETH
                   JACOBS
               



             sworn.
I am a washer
 in Bath-row King's-land-road


. The 18th of July my wash-house was broke open, it is about five inches distance from the house and under the same roof; my copper, my pot, and saucepan were gone, I locked the door with a padlock, and if I had not locked it, a padlock will drop, so that I could not be mistaken.


                  JOHN
                   BLYTHE
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I took no things, I took the prisoner 
               
                  Welch
               


             the next morning, the corner of Cock-lane a good way from the house; I was in the watch house, a man came in and said, there is a copper going by with two young fellows, we went and stopped them, Levy said to Welch come along, Welch seemed to have been carrying it by his back being marked with white: The copper was in a cloth, and Welch cryed out thief, he had nothing on him; Levy down the copper.
(The copper produced, and saucepan, and pot, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
- TOMKINS sworn.
I am a watchman, I saw Levy with the copper, and the other along side him, it was the 18th of July between three and four.
PRISONER WELCH's DEFENCE.
I met a man who offered me 9 d. for carrying it, the man was behind me.
PRISONER LEVY's DEFENCE.
One of the watchmen was fast asleep, and he swore against me at Justice Wilmot's.
Jury. How does the watchman suppose that the mark on the man's back was from the copper, as it was in a bag? - Yes it was in a bag, but I supposed it had been on his back before, and the other things with the other, as they were rather too heavy for one to carry.


                  LEVY
               




               GUILTY
            .


                  WELCH
               





               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .
(



               Transported for seven years
            .)
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
