






646, 647. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     BILLINGS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     JORDAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               that they, on the 6th of October
, about the hour of two in the night, twenty-seven yards of woollen cloth, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Matthey
                        




                     
                  , being affixed on certain racks and tenters, did cut, steal, take, and carry away, against the statute
            .


                  PETER
                   MATTHEY
               



             sworn.
I live in White-cross-street


, and am a dyer
. I can only speak to the property.


                  THOMAS
                   ROSTER
               



             sworn.
I am the prosecutor's servant. I put the cloth out on Saturday night, the 5th of October, between four and five o'clock in the evening. I went on Sunday morning, between eight and nine, to take it off; and it was gone. It was black woollen cloth, one piece, about twenty-seven yards. I heard that two women were stopped with some cloth. I went to the watch-house, and found the prisoners in custody; and the officer of the night had got the cloth.


                  EDWARD
                   QUINTON
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman. I stopped the prisoners on Sunday morning, about four o'clock, in Chiswell-street, about half-a-mile from the prosecutor's. Billings had the cloth in her apron. I saw them come out of Grub-street. Billings made a stop in Chiswell-street; the other said, Blast you, go on. I asked her what she had got there; and the other woman said, It was only an old blanket used at that parish chapel, and they found it there. When I was going to take Billings, the other prisoner was going away. Billings said, For God's sake, do not let that woman go away. I took them both to the watch-house. At the watch-house, Billings began to cry, and was very willing to tell how she came by it.


                  WILLIAM
                   BULL
               



             sworn.
I was officer of the night. I was called up about half after four. I went to the watch-house, and saw the people there.
(The cloth was produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor and his servants.)
BILLINGS' DEFENCE.
The other prisoner gave me the cloth, and desired me to carry it.
(She called her mistress, whom she had worked with for three years, and her father, who gave her an exceeding good character.)
JORDAN's DEFENCE.
I have no witnesses.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice NARES.





[Transportation. See summary.]


