






15. The said 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ADAMS
                  



               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d day of September
 last, two cotton gowns, value 24 s. one green sluff petticoat, value 3 s. one white callico petticoat, value 12 d. two shirts, value 5 s. one shift, value 1 s. one hat, value 2 s. one ostrich feather, value 6 s. one silver thimble, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Oliver
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN
                   OLIVER
               



             sworn.
The prisoner lived servant
 with me about a week before this robbery; she went away on the Saturday after she came, in the night; I do not know what wages she was to have; my wife agreed with her; when the boy got up in the morning to light the fire, he found the door open; I did not see her after till the morning she was taken; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  ANN
                   OLIVER
               



             sworn.
I never hired the prisoner; the prisoner came to be hired till Michaelmas; I told her to come, and at the week's end she ran away; I left her at twelve on the Saturday night, and she was gone the next morning; and the back door left unbolted; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; the shift and thimble were found in her lodgings, and the other things at the pawnbrokers; the duplicates of the things that were found were in her pocket.


                  WILLIAM
                   PICKERING
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of St. James's parish; I produce a shift and thimble and a duplicate of a gown; on the 4th of November the prisoner was brought to the office in Litchfield-street; one Box, a soldier came to her; I took him into custody; and in searching their lodging) they lodged together in Marygold-court, Strand; at Mr. Harwood's) there I found this thimble.
How do you know they lodged together; - From the man's confession, and the landlord of the house; on searching a box under the bed, I found a shift and the duplicate of a gown; and Box told me they were the woman's property; the shift and duplicate were in the box; and the thimble on the drawers in the room.
Court to Mrs. Oliver. Look at that thimble? - It is mine; here is my maiden name on the outside of it; I have had it above these twenty years.
(The shift deposed to.)


                  PATRICK
                   DIVINE
               



             sworn.
I am the keeper of the Rotation-office, in Litchfield-street; I produce two duplicates; on the 4th of last month, the prisoner was brought to the office by the patrol; they said, they had not searched her; I searched her and found these duplicates; and there we found the things were pawned in the Strand.


                  ROBERT
                   PAYNE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Brown in the Strand; I have a gown and petticoat pledged at two different times by the prisoner; the gown for six shillings and sixpence, and the petticoat for two shillings and sixpence; the prisoner had been at the shop before; I knew her; I asked her if they were hers, and she said they were. (Deposed to.) These things were in the room where the prisoner was to sleep, in a clothes basket.
What is the value of that gown and petticoat? - Upwards of thirty shillings.


                  GEORGE
                   GABELL
               



             sworn.
I produce a gown pledged on the 18th of October, by the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Boxley
               



            , of Marigold-court; I cannot say who pawned it with me, the person was a stranger; I have not the smallest recollection of her.


                  THOMAS
                   BOXLEY
               



             sworn.
I know nothing of the shift or gown.
Did you ever see them before? - Not to the best of my knowledge.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
They moved the things out of their room, to let a gentleman and lady sleep in the room that night; and they used me very ill; and put the things along with mine; and my mistress was always drunk; and I took the things all in my apron together, and set off about four o'clock in the morning; I did not know I had the things till a fortnight after.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, to the value of 30 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
