





268. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SALMON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of March
, ten pound weight of cardamums, value 6 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Joseph Grote

               
            , 
               
                  Henry Meyer

               
            , 
               
                  James Meyer

               
            , and 
               Christian Paul Meyer

            .


                  JOHN
                   HENRY STULPNER
               



             sworn.
I live with Messrs. Grote and Co. merchants



; on Thursday the 13th of March, a little after two o'clock, I went into the warehouse, and saw the prisoner standing between two heaps of cardamums that lay upon the floor; he said he was waiting for Mr. Lovat; I suspected he had been pilfering the cardamums, because it was the time our porters generally lock up the warehouse and go to dinner; I went into the counting-house, and communicated my suspicions to Mr. Elliot, one of the clerks, and he discovered him through the keyhole.
After he was discovered did you hear any thing material? - I heard a noise in the yard, and perceived the prisoner collared by Mr. Elliot; we took about ten pound of cardamums from him; his pockets could not have contained so much, but he had cut them and filled the linings and all; he begged to be forgiven.
Was he one of the porters in the house? - No, he was occasionally employed when we were very busy, he had been discharged the night before.
Mr. Garrow. How long have you known the prisoner? - It might be six months.
Had he borne a good character to that time? - Yes.


                  WILLIAM
                   ELLIOT
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Mess. Grote and Co. on the 13th of March last, the last witness informed me there was a man by the cardamums; I looked through the key-hole and saw the prisoner put his hand to his pocket, but the view was so imperfect, that whether he had any thing or not I cannot say; he went towards the yard, I went another way and met him, he said he was waiting for 
               
                  John
                   Lovat
               



            , the warehouseman; I took hold of him, and desired to know what he had in his pocket; he said he had not any thing; I put my hand into one of his pockets, and found it to contain a large quantity of cardamums; he begged I would let him go and empty his pockets upon the cardamums in the warehouse, which I refused; we took him up stairs, and emptied ten pounds of cardamums out of his pockets; he said it was a very bad piece of conduct, but he hoped we would forgive him.
Mr. Garrow. What character has he borne? - A very good one.
Has he any family? - A wife and children.


                  JOHN
                   LOVAT
               



             sworn.
I am warehouseman to Messrs. Groteand Co.; I was gone to dinner; I know nothing of it.
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my Counsel.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
