





822. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NICHOLSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, three quarters of a pound weight of wool, called Spanish wool, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Emanuel 
                     Delator
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Deladehesa
                  



               
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Silvester.)
ROBERT FAWCETT sworn.
I am an officer belonging to the Custom-house; I was on board a vessel between four and five in the afternoon, going on the keys, waiting for the evening surveyor to come and sign the book; and I saw a man come from unboard the vessel where I was, with some wool; I took hold of him by the coat; he had the wool about him; the prisoner is the man; I asked him where he was going; he made use of blasphemous oaths, and knocked me down; I cried stop thief! he ran, and a man tripped him up; he got up and 
               
                  drew
               


             a knife out of his pocket; and a fellowship porter ran after him, and laid hold of him; and he immediately stabbed the man in the temple; the man fell down directly; he was obliged to be taken to the surgeon's immediately, and from there to St. Thomas's-hospital; I am sure of the man; the wool is here.



                  EMANUEL
                   DELATOR
               



             sworn.
And an INTERPRETER sworn.
What name and number was on the bag? - Barmizida; that is my property and my partners.
Prisoner. I am innocent of the affair; I was at work there, and this man said I had stole some wool? I said I had not; I was eating some bread with the knife; I was out of my mind when I heard I had cut the man.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
