







413. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ALLPORT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th day of May

 last, twenty-three pair of women's leather gloves, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Jennings
                  



               
            .
And 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARROLL, otherwise 
CANNON




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  GEORGE
                   JENNINGS
               



             sworn.
I live in the Strand



, I lost some gloves at different times, I am a manufacturer of gloves
, I deal pretty considerably in the wholesale way, and my manufactory is pretty well known by the dealers. I received information by a letter on the 21st of February, where some of my gloves had been offered for sale, the gentleman with this letter sent me a pair of mittins, desiring me to see whether they were my manufactory, I went in consequence of this letter next morning to this gentleman's house in Oxford-street, his name is Andrews, I found there eleven pair of mittins which this gentleman had bought, which are here, and are mine.
Did you lose any mittins? - Yes.
Did you find any thing else? - When I saw them I knew them to be my manufactory, and I desired the gentleman to stop the person that brought any more, about a week afterwards Mr. Andrews sent to me again, he having stopped a dozen pair of mittins.


                  FREDERICK
                   ANDREWS
               



             sworn.
I am a haberdasher and glover, the man prisoner at the bar brought me on the 20th of February these eleven pair of mittins about six in the evening, and offered to sell them to me, I purchased them, he asked me eight shillings and six pence for them, I asked him if he made them, he told me yes, I gave him the eight shillings and sixpence, and took the gloves, he went away and said he could bring me some more on the Monday morning; after he went away by looking over the gloves, I thought them better than I thought them at first, and that he had sold them rather too cheap, and upon examining them I found Mr. Jennings's mark, which I knew by comparing them with some others that I had of him, I immediately wrote a letter to Mr. Jennings, who came to my house, and desired me if the man came again to stop him and secure him.
When did he come? - Not till the 6th of March, and then he brought this other dozen, I immediately stopped him and sent for a constable.
These are the same gloves that Mr. Jennings has spoke to, and you received of the prisoner at the bar? - Yes, they have not been out of my possession since.
Court. This man is indicted as an accessary after the fact; is there any evidence against this woman? - Only her owning that she stole them at the office, the man told where he got them, that the prisoner gave them to him in consequence of which we sent to the woman prisoner, they cohabited together at first they said they were married, then they said they were not.
How did your conversation arise? - The Justice asked her where she got them.
I want to know the very words, did you say any thing to her that it would be better for her to confess? - No promise of any favor.
What did you say? - I think the Justice in general put the question to her, the Justice asked her how she came by them, and she said she had stole them of Mr. Jennings, and the last dozen she had stole that week, the man was there at the time.
Was Mr. Jennings there at the time? - Yes, and she said this of her own accord in the manner that has been mentioned, I asked her when she stole the last dozen, and she said the last week.
Did you hear any promises whatever that she should not be prosecuted, or any thing of that kind? - No.
PRISONER ALLPORTS DEFENCE.
My Lord it is a false indictment, for I was used so ill at the Justices that I did not know what I said, I never was before a Justice before in my life.
Jury. This woman works for you? - She did at that time work for me.
PRISONER CARROL's DEFENCE.
I called at the appointment of this woman, she asked me to dispose of these things, and she would pay me for my afternoon's work, she told me she bought them which I believe she did, I know she used to deal in such things, I know no more of it than that.
Mr. Jennings. I understood they were man and wife, she always went with me by the man's name, they lived together, but when she come before the Justice, the Justice wanted to sift out where and when she was married, and it came out she was not married; these gloves are completely finished and must have been taken from papers of three or four dozens together.
Prisoner Allport. I have not sent for any witnesses yet.
Prisoner Carroll. I am poor and have no acquaintance in town.


                  MARY
                   ALLPORT
               





               GUILTY
            .
To be 



               privately whipped
             and 



               confined to hard labour twelve months in the house of correction
            .


                  JOHN
                   CARROLL
               





               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. JUSTICE NARES.
