





165. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George Porter

                     
                  , Esq
; on the 30th of November
, about the hour of seven in the night, and stealing a carpet, value 15 s. the property of the said George, and two linen shirts, value 4 s. and four guineas, and two half guineas in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Morieux
                        




                     
                  , in the said dwelling-house
            .
(The witness being a foreigner

, an interpreter was sworn.)


                  CHARLES
                   MORIEUX
               



             sworn.
I live at Captain


                  George
                   Porter
               



            's, Bolton-street


; in the month of November, I don't remember what day, it was between seven and eight o'clock, I was sitting writing in the garret, and three men came in, I don't know how they got in, for the door was shut, there was nobody in the house but me.
Do you know whether all the doors and windows were fast below? - They were all shut; I locked the door myself at half past six o'clock.
Did you look afterwards to see by what means they got in? - No, I was so frightened I was not able to look; I sent for the girl of the house to see if any thing was taken away; they took four guineas in gold and four half guineas from me, and two new shirts, and a black waistcoat; they were in a box; and they took the parlour carpet; as they were going down, I rang the bell and cried out, and they escaped through the parlour window.
Do you know the prisoner? - No, the fright I was in, made me lose all memory of them.


                  JOHN
                   SHERWOOD
               



             sworn.
I found this carpet (producing it) about the first of December, in a cupboard in the house of Mrs. Burkitt, in consequence of an information through Fleming; Macmanus was with me when I found it.


                  ELIZABETH
                   BURKITT
               



             sworn.
This carpet the prisoner brought to my house about three days before it was found, Fleming was at my house when he brought it; the prisoner came to ask for Fleming, two other men came in; what passed afterwards I do not know, for they went out of doors.
Fleming made use of your house as a place for concealing stolen goods? - He left things four times with me till called for, I never knew the contents of them.
You know we knew all these transactions before; did not Fleming make use of your house to leave goods in, that he bought of this description; plate and other things? - I never saw a bit of plate in my life.


                  WILLIAM
                   FLEMING
               



             sworn.
On Friday the 30th of November, about eight o'clock, I went to Mrs. Burkitt's to buy a bit of fish for supper.
You had used Mrs. Burkitt's house to leave things you bought of this description? - Yes, I had; while I was there the prisoner brought this carpet, and asked me to buy it; but he said he would not dispose of it till two other men came in, 
               
                  John
                   Durham
               



             and 
               
                  William
                   Waine
               



            .
Durham was convicted at a former sessions?- Yes, the other is not taken yet; Durham asked fifteen or sixteen shillings for it; I said it was a Scotch carpet, and worth no such money; I paid nine shillings and six-pence, and they divided the money; neither Smith, nor any of them in his presence, told me where they got it.
You carried on the ostensible business of a pawnbroker, and have, all the time you have been in business for yourself, bought goods of this description? - Not all the time.
You was taken up on another account? - I was sent for on Mrs. Burkitt's being in custody, to Sir Sampson Wright's, and he asked me if I knew the woman.
On that you offered to make a full discovery on being protected? - I did.


                  CHARLOTTE
                   COOPER
               



             sworn.
I was at Mrs. Burkitt's; the prisoner brought the carpet there on a Friday.


                  THOMAS
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I sold that carpet to Captain Porter in the month of March last; it has a particular mark in it; the pattern runs imperfect all across; the leaf is turned the wrong way; I never saw one so before.
Morieux. I am sure it is the same carpet; there is a hole in it, by which I am able to know it.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods; but not guilty of burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


