





438. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LANE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of April
, one pair of white silk stockings, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ovey
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   OVEY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner broke my shop window and stole a pair of white silk stockings, on Saturday the 10th of April, about nine in the morning, a little after I saw him and another go by several times, I found the window was cut, I called one of my men and desired he would come down to assist me in watching, which he did, the window appeared to be cut by a knife being run into the putty and twisted, which made the window hollow, the glass was not out when I saw it, it was only then broken, I saw my man run out and I after him, and overtook him, and saw the stockings on the ground, and the man picked them up, I know the stockings.
- GOLDSMITH sworn.
I was not in the shop the time the window was cut, I was up stairs at breakfast, Mr. Ovey called me down stairs, and I saw the window was cut, I stood at the bottom of the stairs, and while I was looking in, a boy whom I suppose to belong to the prisoner, came and looked into the shop, and went and stood close by the window were it was cut, the prisoner came and made a snatch at the window, I could not tell what he had taken, I immediately run out after him, and when I had got two or three doors from him I saw him throw the stockings away, I picked up the stockings after Mr. Ovey come up.
Were those you picked up the same he threw away? - Yes, I gave them to the Constable.


                  William
                   March
               



             produced the Stockings which were deposed to.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming down Fleet-street, and a man followed me in blue, and I run after him, and he threw down a pair of stockings I did not know who it was, and a gentleman took me, and so because I would not let the gentleman have it, I took it aside.


                  SARAH
                   LANE
               



             sworn.
The prisoner is my own son, his master was a Wool-comber and he has failed, I could not find him for three or four days, his father died the 14th of last August; he has been a very good lad till this affair happened.


                  THOMAS
                   MUMFORD
               



             sworn.
I have known him from a little boy, I never heard any thing bad of him before.
- MUMFORD sworn.
I have known him for these 13 years, he had a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
