






291. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LYCETT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JENKINS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously, stealing on the 24th day of January
 last, in the dwelling house of John Brown, one bank note, No. 2137 dated the 5th of December, 1785, value 20 l. one other bank note, No. 8365 value 30 l. one other bank note, No. 4754, value 50 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hastings
                        




                     
                  , the said notes, and every of them, being due and unsatisfied, and the several sums due and payable thereon unsatisfied to 
                     
                        James
                         Hastings
                     



                  , the proprietor thereof, against the statute
            .
The Case opened by Mr. Silvester.


                  JAMES
                   HASTINGS
               



             sworn.
On the 24th day of July last, I went into the Park, to know what time the King went to the House; I was looking for the King, and I was accosted by a person who looked like a gentleman, extremely well dressed, who asked me what time I thought the King would come past; I said I imagined he would be coming soon; he said he should be very glad to see him, for he was but lately come from the country, not above a week, from Nottingham, and must return the week after; says he, I think by your language you are North country; yes, says I; what part? says he; near to Berwick-upon-Tweed, says I; says he, I came from the next parish; and several circumstances he mentioned, made me believe that he came from that country; he said he came from Nottingham, and had married an heiress, and was now in possession of an independent fortune of four hundred a year.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Councel. You are speaking now of the man you call Jones? - He said his name was Scott; and when the King came past, he said, we must drink together, and I said, with all my heart; and he took me to a house in Hedge-lane


, and when we had been there a little while, he said, have you had any dinner? I said, no; he said, I will go out and get some pork chops; he went out, and returned, and said he could not get any, but he brought some sausages; then came in that gentleman, the prisoner Lycett, and he said to the prisoner Jones, I have got a part of your money, and he threw down a fifteen-pound bank note, and told out fifteen-guineas, and the rest you are to have next week; then, says Jones, that is one of the cleverest fellows in England, I should never have got this money, if I had not been recommended to him, he is Sir 
               
                  James
                   Esdaile
               



            's out-door clerk; says I, I have kinsman in a banking house, a teller at Mr. Castle's; oh, yes, says he, I know him very well; from that I looked very earnestly at them, to take very particular notice of them; and this Mr. Jenkins he came in, and said he wanted the way to the Park, where the officers walk; why, says he, I came up from Worcester, and one of the officers that wears red clothes has run away with my lass, and I will give all my money to find him; then he took out a pocket-book, containing a parcel of bank notes, as I thought, and threw down a quantity of gold; he said we were all a parcel of poor taylors and barbers, and he had an aunt that belonged to the work-house at Worcester, and he had more money than any one, and if he could meet with his girl, he would give it her all; he said he would give a shilling if we could produce five guineas; he threw down a shilling; says Jones to me, have not you got five guineas? No, says I, I have but two guineas and a half; then, says Jones, I will make up the rest, and he took up my half-guinea, and put down three guineas, and I believe he took up all the rest afterwards, for I did not think to ask for it; then he slung down a shilling, as he had done to the other man; says I, I will have none of your shilling, it shall not go into my pocket; but then, says they, them two shillings shall go for the reckoning; then, says he, I will lay you five guineas that you cannot shew one hundred pounds a piece; Mr. Jones says to him you are an impudent fellow, I can produce two or three, and also Mr. Lycett said he could, and then they applied to me, could not I find it; I said I had no such thing; after a great many intreaties of them two, I said, to be sure I could do such a thing if I was to go for it; they pressed me very hard to go, they said I might as well have the five guineas as not, and Jones would go along with me; I was foolish enough to go; I went to Lombard-street, I had a twenty-pound and a thirty-pound note at Castle's and Powell's, and the fifty-pound note I had at Mr. Bland's, that was Mr. Grey and Freeman's, but they went and got it for me, while I staid there; then we came back to Hedge-lane, Jones and me; we had not been in one ute, Lycett and Jenkins were sitting, and Lycett said that Jenkins had lost seventy guineas at a coffee-house with some officers; they said he was a foolish country booby, and did not know his letters; he said he thought he did as well as they; with that they got a bit of chalk, and marked A. B. C. D. then Mr. Jones made a letter, and Jenkins he turned about, and did not win it; they were to make a letter, and put a bottle over it, there was some guineas on the table, but how many I do not know; Jones won that bet, and I believe there was another bet, I believe Lycett won the next, but they insisted upon my making a letter, they solicited me to make a letter, I did make a letter C, so says Jones, put down one of the bank notes; I was foolish enough to put down one of the bank notes, a twenty pound; I made a C, and covered it with a bottle, I believe the bet was four or five guineas, but which I cannot say.
How came you to put down a bank note? - I had no cash, and they solicited me very hard to do it, and I had absolutely forgot he had taken up the two guineas and a half of mine; I made the letter C, and put the bottle over it, and then Jenkins turned round, and Jones says, once, twice, thrice, and off; so Jenkins pointed to C, and this Mr. Lycett says, it is all your's, it is all your's, and he pushed my bank note and money to him; and Jenkins whipped up the note, and out he runs out of the room; I was thunderstruck; then up the rest got, and away the other two run after him; my pocket-book was laying at my left hand, and as soon as ever they were gone, I looked into my pocket-book, and the thirty and fifty-pound bank notes were gone too.
Look at those men, are you sure that those a re the men? - I am very sure of it, I took a great deal of time to look at them.
How long was you in their company? - I was in their company above an hour, it is impossible for any man to see these men an hour, and be in their company, and not know them again; I took particular notice of Mr. Lycett, when he said he was Sir James Eldaile's clerk, so particular that he had a pair of corderoy breeches, and they looked very shabby, it is a face that no man can be deceived in, and his voice, I am sure of them, that they are the two men.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. I recommend it to you not to conclude too soon that no man can be mistaken, perhaps you will hear twelve men upon their oaths say, you are mistaken? - Perhaps not.
I rather think you will, do you know the number of the notes at all? - This is my hand writing.
Taken from the banker's since you lost your notes? - Yes.
Then you may put it in your pocket.
Mr. Silvester. The notes you had, who had you them from, the banker? - I had the fifty pounds note from Mr. Gray's clerk.
Is that clerk here? - Yes, and the other clerk.
Mr. Garrow. Now, Mr. Hastings, what countryman are you? - I told you I came from the neighbourhood of Berwick.
Had you been long in town before this King went to the House? - Thirty-eight years.
That is marvelous! did you know Hedge-lane? - I know Hedge-lane, for I lived in the neighbourhood of Hedge-lane many years, I have connections with Mr. Roberts in Oxendon-street, a lawyer there.
May you be of any trade Mr. Hastings? - No, I am in no trade, I have an employ in the customs.
That is more marvelous still? - I am not ashamed.
There is nothing to be ashamed of, not even your folly; you like the rest of the loyal subjects, were gaping for the King? - I had not much to do that day.
So I should suppose; the man you picked up was a perfect stranger? - I knew Jones before, I had seen him walking upon the change then, and I saw him twice since.
Did you lay hold of him? - He is a very tall man, and he had a great stick in his hand, I went to get a constable first.
I think one came in that was the clerk to Sir 
               
                  James
                   Esdaile
               



            , and afterwards there came in the booby, a sort of lout, a thing that had not much brains, you thought? - He had too much for me.
He had too much for you! you took him to be a sort of lout, you took him to be a fool of a fellow, that was squandering his money? - I did, and these people plied me so very hard.
In short, to make very short of the story, you thought there would be no harm in having some of the fool's money? - I had a very great scruple.
However, you put yourself to the trouble of going to Lombard-street, to get more money, to win some of the fool's money; why the biter was bit, north countryman as you are, you do not come far enough north yet? - No answer.
Ha! not a word, perfectly dumb, thunder-struck; why Mr. Hastings, I shall not get forward at this rate at all, we shall sit here till this day month, we are likely to sit long enough without it; what bet did you win? - I received none.
That is well, then you never said, you won five pounds? - I never said so.
Did not you win five pounds by producing the hundred pounds, you know the first heat? - I did not receive it.
I know that very well, you produced the hundred pounds? - I swear it never was produced, the hundred pounds upon the table.
Now, I ask you, and attend a little, upon your oath, was it not so produced, as that the wager was declared to be won by you? - No, it was never mentioned after we came into the room, for they began, Lycett and he upon the A. B. C. and it was never mentioned.
You saw that somebody had won at the A. B. C. very easy, you saw they beat the fool at it? - They beat him.
You thought you could beat him too, so you made your letters? - Yes.
Will you swear that you did not deposit the whole hundred as a bet against your hundred? - I will swear that, if I was to meet my God this moment.
You muttered something, that you was bewitched, we know that love bewitches men; I take it, it was the love of gain that bewitched you; you thought you could get a cool hundred out of the fool, it was better than that he should spend it at that house; did not you mean to win the hundred from the fool, you was in love with the fool's fortune, and you got it at last; now do you mean to swear positively that you took the hundred pounds to Hedge-lane? - Yes, I saw the the bank-notes after I came there, when I took them out to lay the twenty pounds down.
You put up your pocket book again? - No, I did not, it was not a minute, I was standing, and my pocket book was there, and the letter was before me, in a minute's time it was gone.
When you had put your letters under the bottle, the next thing was to make the deposit? - Indeed the deposit was down before the letter was made, the deposit was down, for Mr. Jones insisted upon my making it.
The twenty pounds was the stake? - Undoubtedly the twenty pounds was put down as the stake.
Do you mean to swear that you carried the thirty pounds and fifty pounds with you? - I swear that I carried the thirty, and fifty, and the twenty pounds to Hedge-lane.
Are you sure that you did not pledge the whole upon that stake? - No, I am very sure I did not.
Before these persons went, did they tell you for what purpose they were going? - No.
How long did you continue in the house? - I do not know, I was surprized, I saw what company I had been in, I was not in the house half a minute.
Will you venture to swear that you did not continue in the room waiting for these people ten minutes? - I will swear that I did not continue there five minutes, I am sure it was not two minutes; after I recovered myself, I said, to the man of the house, do you know these men; says he, I do not know them; says I, surely you must have seen them, he said, he had seen the little one somewhere in Holborn, well says I, they have robbed me.
You said so cooly, just as a man would talk of being cheated at play? - I staid but a very little, I dare say, I did not stay there above ten minutes, and the man asked me where I lived, in case he should hear of any of them; it was a fortnight before I divulged it to any person upon earth.
How soon after the fortnight was it before you went to the house of Lycett? - I cannot positively say the day.
Was it a week, or three weeks? - It was not above three or four days.
Now you have told us you was directed to the house of Lycett? - Yes.
You went in disguise, and you found him in the business, and it struck you directly as soon as you saw him? - Yes.
Who gave you the information? - I do not know the person that gave it me.
Was it not one of the thief-takers that told you? - No, it was not.
Can you tell who it was? - I do not chuse to tell you.
Will you swear that that person did not tell you, that at the house you went to, you would find the persons who had defrauded you? - No, he did not say I should see the men in Lycett's house, there were more houses that he directed me to.
Did you go to these other houses first? - I had been in several houses.
Did not you go there to find the men that defrauded you? - I have been looking for them ever since I lost it.
Upon your oath, did not you go to Lycett's house to find the men that defrauded you? - I went into many houses.
Court. That is a very fair and plain question, did not you go to look for the people that defrauded you? - Yes, my Lord, I did.
Mr. Garrow. Had not you gone to the other houses first? - I am considering which of the houses I went to first; I went into the 
               
                  Brown
                   Bear
               



            , Bow-street, and from there I went to the Queen's-head, Chandos-street, and from thence I came down Holborn to Chancery-lane, and went to Mr. Lycett's.

Did not the person whose name you chuse to conceal, and who gave you the information, tell you that at Lycett's house you would see the men that had defrauded you? - No, he did not say I should find them there, he said there were houses to which I might go, but the moment I came in I knew Lycett, there was a person talking with him, and Lycett said, I know all the spies are out; thinks I, it is high time for me to get away; I saw Jenkins sitting in the same box, I knew his eyes directly, his is a remarkable face; I was not satisfied with that, I would not have them taken up till I saw them once more; either the next day or the day following I went to Lycett's and had a pint of beer.
What fort of room was it, where you lost your money? - A little room below stairs from the tap room.
How many people were in the tap-room? - I cannot say.
Suppose you had called out stop thief! would they not have been stopped; did not this man go through the tap room; a man must come into the tap room to get out? - Yes.
Court. Then this door opens into the passage? - Yes.
Mr. Silvester. When the bet was made for the twenty pounds, they put down four or five guineas? - Yes.
You did not bet the whole twenty pounds? - No.


                  RICHARD
                   GWILLY
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Castle and Co.
Do you know the number of the note from your memory? - I cannot say I do.
Have you examined the books? - I have.
Mr. Garrow. Did you compare that with the number on the book yourself? - The number of the twenty pounds is 2137, 8365 the number of the thirty.


                  THOMAS
                   FLOWER ELLIS
               



             sworn.
The number of the fifty pounds is 5754; I am clerk to Mr. Bland.
Court. Let all the witnesses go out, and let them he examined separate, I have a question to ask of the prosecutor first; Hastings, can you recollect what time of day it was, when you went to this public house? - It was almost four o'clock when the King went, it was very late, I know it was after three when I went to the public house.
How long had you been there, when Lycett came in? - I suppose half an hour, or three quarters of an hour, it was before, because I was in the city I fancy before that time, I fancy it might be between four and five when Lycett came in.
How soon might Jenkins come in? - I cannot positively say whether it was before Lycett or after, but I think Lycett was the first, because he asked for the parcels, and they asked what parcels, and he said there were three parcels; then Jenkins came in after, I think it was after, it was not many minutes.
About what time was it when you went to the banker's? - It was about five o'clock.
Court to Gwilly. Do you recollect what time it was these men came to your shop? - Between four and five.
Court to Ellis. It must have been in banking hours, I suppose? - Certainly, Sir.
Consequently before five.
Court. Let Mr. Hastings go out of Court, and go into the parlour, I shall have a question to ask you after they are examined.


                  BENJAMIN
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I keep the Horse and Groom, in Hedge-lane.
Do you remember Mr. Hastings that you have seen here, ever at your house? - Yes, Sir.
Was it the day the King went to the House, the 24th of January? - Yes.
Was he in your parlour any part of the day? - Yes.
Was there any company with him? - Yes, another gentleman came in with him.
How is that parlour situated with respect to the fire and the tap room? - Close to the tap-room.
Can any person go into the street, without going into the tap room? - Yes.
Did you ever recollect seeing him before? - I did not.
Do you know the two prisoners at the bar, or have you ever seen them? - No, Sir.
Upon your oath was either of them at your house with Hastings? - I never saw them before, I am clear they were not in company with Hastings at my house.
Whoever the people were that were in the parlour with Hastings, do you remember their going away? - Yes.
How long after was it you saw Hastings? - It may be ten minutes.
You think it was? - I think it was, he came out of the parlour once or twice, they came out of the parlour, and left the door open, and he sat in the parlour facing the tap room, he came into the tap room, and seemed very uneasy, and asked where those gentlemen were that were in the parlour.
What did he say to you when he spoke to you? - He asked me whether I knew these gentlemen, I told him no, so he began to hang his head, and said, he had met with some bad company, I asked him why, what is the matter, he said he was taken in.
Did he tell you how? - Yes, Sir, he came to the bar, and leaned over the bar, my wife and I was in it, and he began to tell us the case, that he had laid wagers on figuring, and that he had lost a quantity of money.
How many people were in the tap room at that time? - The tap room was pretty full.
Then he leaned his head over to you that the company in the tap room might not hear? - Yes, I went into the parlour after that, and he told me the whole how it was; he said, he was ashamed of himself and did not know how to make mention of it; he said, he was never so deceived, and taken in so in his life; he could not have bought that he should be led into such an error.
Did he shew you how he had lost his money? - He told me by figures or letters by writing something on the table with chalk, I think it was letters, I do not recollect seeing the remains of any, there was some little dash of chalk, but I do not recollect what it was.
Did he complain any thing of being robbed or any force being used to him? - Not that night.
How long did he stay after they were gone? - I cannot say, but I dare say, he was there good part of an hour talking about this.
Mr. Silvester. You are the landlord of the Horse and Groom? - Yes.
You had a good deal of business that day? - I was pretty busy.
Who was your company in that little room that day, do you see any of them in Court? - No, I do not see them.
Do not look always at the bar for your friends? - I know that the prisoners are not the men, I should know the men if I was to see them.
How long had you been in the room? - I sent out for some sausages and pigs kidney, and I served them with beer, I have a boy, I never saw this Mr. Jones or Mr. Jenkins or the other in my life; when this man said he was sadly taken in, he said, he had lost his money.
Court. Had you occasion to be much in the room with these men? - No, Sir, no more than waiting on them.
Had you any reason to observe them particularly? - By his telling me of them, made me recollect more.
When you was in the room with these people, had you any particular reason for observing them? - None at all.
You never saw them before? - Not to my knowledge.
Have you any doubt about it? - I might see a person in the street, I do not know that I have, I may and I may not.
Do you know that you had ever seen them before that day? - Not that can recollect.

Do you recollect that you have ever seen them before? - I never did.
Were you acquainted with the two prisoners before that time? - No, nor since.
When did you first see the two prisoners? - I believe it was the day they were taken up, they came down to our house with the officer; I do not know how he came to bring them to my house; the prisoner Lycett came to tell me he was going to the Justice's, he brought the constable to my house to know whether I knew him, I told him I did not; I saw them go out, they all three went out together, it was in the evening.
What time? - We had lighted candles, it might be five o'clock, or between five and six, I cannot positively tell the time.
Do you remember their coming in? - Yes.
Did they all come in together? - No, they did not.
Who came in first? - This Mr. Hastings and another.
Did they come in, first one and then the other? - I think they did.
After they were all four in the room, was there any other company with them? - No, not to my knowledge; Mr. Hastings and one of the others went away; the person that came with him, went away with him.
What drink had they? - They had some porter, and some rum and water; I do not recollect they had any spirits, I saw the three men go out.
Who paid the reckoning? - They paid the reckoning as they went out.
Did you stand in the passage to take the reckoning? - The bar door was in the passage, and they gave it me as they went out at the door.
Are you sure of that? - Yes.
Did Hastings see that they paid the reckoning; or did you tell him that they had paid the reckoning? - I dare say I did, I do not recollect he asked me that question.
Did you tell Hastings that you had seen them go out? - Yes, he came and asked me, and looked about and asked if they was there, and I told him I saw them go out.
No, but did you tell him? - I did not tell him.
Did you tell him you had seen them go out at all? - He knew I must see them go out.
Did Hastings pay the reckoning over again? - No questions were asked by him about the reckoning, the last time they came in, they had two sixpenny-worths, and they paid me the other when they came out.
Being a round sixpence it was soon paid? - It was paid in a sixpence, they gave me sixpence.
They paid you first one sixpence and then another; so then they had no occasion to stop for change? - No.
Who paid for the sausages and beer? - They paid for that before they went out, they paid their dinner score before.
Did Hastings pay his part? - I do not know.
Did you receive the reckoning in the room with them all? - Upon my word I do not know whether they came to the bar, as they came out of the room to pay me the last sixpenny-worths.
Then the reckoning was paid at three different times? - I cannot tell whether they had ordered a pot of beer or not, their dinner score was paid together.
When did you first see Jenkins? - I never saw him him in my life since, when I saw Lycett, Jenkins was not with him, they were both at our house, but not together.
What brought them to your house? - I did not ask them.
Is there any body of the name of John Brown, that keeps a house in Hedge-lane? - No.
Your name is Benjamin you are sure? - Yes.
Have you never told any body it was John? - No.
There is a blank left for the name, and filled up with instructions, positive instructions for the prosecutor.



                  GEORGE
                   NORTHOVER
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 36, Islington Road; I am a carpenter; I know the prisoner Mr. Lycett; he lives at the Hole in the Wall, Chancery-lane; I made a new bar for him; I remember being employed by him on the 24th of January, and for fourteen days before, I had not finished it but a few days; on the 24th of January, I breakfasted with him, and I had a bit of luncheon, and I drank something with a gentleman belonging to the Royal Circus, I continued in the house till nine at night, he was there all the time, he was very lame, he told me it was by wrestling; he asked me to go on the Saturday night, I found him lame when I came to work, and he was lame the remaining part of that week.
Can you say, that from one o'clock on the Tuesday, till eight o'clock at night, he did not leave you? - I can v enture to say it, Sir, upon oath; I wish to be put to the strictest oath you can give me, I am able to say he was not from home; I have no particular reason for recollecting the day, till they asked me if I remembered his being at home; I was served with a subpoena to attend this Court.
What means did you take in order to recollect? - I could tell by my work, and his being lame, I was there at work every day in that week.
But how was you able to recollect this lameness was in that week? - I recollect it chiefly by being the time the King went to the House; I know the day before he was lame, I heard also a talking of it at that time; I am positive he was at home, I dined with him, and I recollect what I had for dinner, there was a gentleman belonging to the Royal Circus, his name was Mr. 
               
                  George
                   Brett
               



            ; about eleven, or between eleven and twelve, there was a gentleman, who is a cheesemonger, and there were gentlemen, who were butchers, had a luncheon, and Mr. Lycett asked me to come and have a bit.
Mr. Silvester. When did you begin this work, repairing the bar? - I made a new bow window and shutters to the bar against the street; I took out two other windows, and put in a bow window; I began the work some where about the 18th or 19th, but I cannot be certain, without my book; I was at the house about a fortnight before I finished it; the latter end of that week, on a Saturday, I brought away my tools, I think I left off working the 28th.
You have been there backwards and forwards? - No, I have not been there above once or twice since; I recollect the King went to the House, because we were having a relish, and we were talking about it; I did not hear when he was taken up for this; he was backwards and forwards in the parlour to the tap-room; he had a cut shoe, without a buckle.
Court. How long did this gentleman's lameness continue, how long did he wear the cut shoe without the buckle? - To the best of my knowledge, as well as I can recollect, about a week, he had not left it off till Saturday night; to my knowledge, he wore it the whole week; but not thinking of any circumstance, I did not take such notice to remember the particular day, but by the King going to the House, and the croud of people that was there, and there were two chairmen there, and they said they should get a job, and I heard different people talking about it.
Was this the subject of conversation at dinner? - I do not recollect the circumstance of that passing at dinner, I cannot charge my memory that it was.
This is a house of pretty fall custom, pretty much frequented? - I do not know, I never saw any body there but tradesmen.
Is not it a house much resorted to by customers? - It was.
Then there were different forts of people might see this man in his cut shoe? - I never saw many strangers come in.
Is not this house resorted to by all the porters and servants of Lincoln's Inn? - Not to my knowledge.



                  JOHN
                   BURROWS
               



             sworn.
Where do you live? - The corner of White's-alley, Chancery-lane, I am a butcher; I know Lycett, I have dealt with him, I went there about eleven, and stopped there a bit the day the King went to the House, I was there from eleven till one, and one Hayward, Edwards, Northover, and Lycett were there together; I saw Lycett there about eleven o'clock, his leg was swelled very much, he rested his hand on a stick; one Edwards, a cheesemonger, came in with the leg of a goose, I have seen that gentleman, I drank with him out of the same cup, I am sure it was the 24th of January, because of the cheesemonger's being in company with me, I told him to send me some butter, he sent it in the next morning, and that was the 25th.


                  EDWARD
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
I was out on Tuesday the 24th of January last, about some particular business; upon my coming home, I called at Lycett's, between eleven and twelve, I saw several people in the back room, I saw Lycett at home all the day, he had slippers, I think his leg appeared to be a good deal swelled; I staid there till near two o'clock, we had our beer together.
How soon after this did you hear that Mr. Lycett was accused of this affair? - A party came to me, and asked me if I could remember the day when I brought a part of a goose? I said I could tell the day by my day-book, because that day Mr. Burrows gave me an order for some cheese and butter; I was there between half after eleven and two; I do not believe he was able to go out of his house, he had been making an alteration in his house.


                  OLIVER
                   MARSDEN
               



             sworn.
I live in Ray-street, Clerkenwell, at No. 29, I am a carpenter, I know Lycett, I remember being in his house the 24th of January, from twelve to twenty minutes past one; I went to dine there, I had beefsteaks and onions; he was very lame, he could scarcely walk across the tap-room, I cannot say what sort of shoes he had on, he had a stick in his hand.
Could he have walked far? - Not as he appeared to me; I remember Northover the carpenter being there; I worked in Lincoln's Inn, when we quitted work, we went to Lycett's house to have some beer.
Did he appear to have his lameness still? - Yes, he was lame for two or three days together.
Mr. Silvester. How do you recollect this 24th of January? - Because we were talking about going to see the King, and I said no, because we were too much in a hurry.
How soon after this was it that you heard that Lycett was accused of any offence? - I cannot recollect.
Why cannot you recollect so remarkable a thing as hearing that your friend was accused of an offence? - I recollect dining there, and the King's going to the House, and talking about it, but there was very little said to me; when he was accused of the crime I cannot say to the day, it might be a fortnight, I cannot say.
Then you have no recollection before that particular day, nor no recollection of any thing that happened since? - I cannot recollect; the people said that such a night there was such a man came in disguise, and I recollected being there.
What coat had Lycett on? - A black coat.


                  GEORGE
                   BRETT
               



             sworn.
I profess music, I was employed at the Royal Circus; I dined at Lycett's with him and his wife, the carpenter that was putting up a bar in his house, and another gentleman that was a stranger, and after that I drank tea with Mr. Lycett and his wife; I was there from about half past one till after nine at night, Lycett was very lame.
Mr. Garrow. He could not have danced to your music? - No, Sir, he was very lame, his shoe was a fort of slipper; to the best of my knowledge he was not absent half an hour together, I am perfectly convinced of it, he could scarcely walk along the place, his leg was rested on a chair the best part of the day; he had on that day a black coat, I believe he does generally wear a black coat; I called on Mr. Lycett on the Monday, my benefit was on the 16th of January last at the Royal Circus, and we had not settled, and he was very lame; he said, I am so lame, I cannot look for the tickets that were not taken, and he wished me to call again in a day or two; I called on the 24th, and dined there, and we settled; I have the tickets he returned me, I am sure it was the day the King went to the House.
Mr. Silvester. After dinner, what became of Mr. Lycett? - Him and me, I suppose, sat smoaking our pipes.
The carpenter drank tea with you, I understand? - Only with Mr. Lycett and his wife.
Did you eat a bit of supper there? - No, Sir, I went home to supper; I staid till past nine, I believe the carpenter stopped till he had done his labour.
Did not he take a pipe with you? - I will not say particularly; there was a man, or two or three at work there, but whether they were carpenters or not, I cannot say.
Were there more carpenters than North-over that day? - I cannot answer for that; the last day that I dined at Lycett's was the day that the King went to the house, some people came in, and spent the evening.


                  THOMAS
                   HAYWARD
               



             sworn.
I am a bricklayer in Bell-yard; I was there, and we had a bind quarter of a goose; there was Northover, the cheesemonger, and a butcher, and the landlord, he brought the beer; we had our relish, and staid there till towards one.
How was Lycett that day? - He was very lame, seemingly to me, his ancle appeared to be swelled.
Had he a stick with him, could he have walked from Chancery-lane to the Park with great ease? - I do not know how long his lameness continued; I set down in my cash book money received of Lycett, the entry is on the 24th of January, I am positive of it.
And you referred to your book, hearing he was charged? - Yes.
Mr. Silvester. How came you not to bring your book? - I did not know it would he wanted.
Did you observe his shoes or slippers? - No, I did not observe particularly, only his walking lame.


                  JOHN
                   HALLING
               



             sworn.
Where do you live? - At Mr. Lycett's, I am a chairman, I ply and lodge there; I was there the 24th of January, I think on the Wednesday, the day the King went to the House, we used to carry a fare out that day, and I got up and got my chair ready, and was disappointed; I saw my landlord there all day long, he was never out of the house at all, he was so lame he was not able to walk across the room, he hurt his foot the Saturday before, he could not wear his buckle at all, his heel was vastly swelled; I had opportunities of seeing him from one or two in the afternoon till past six; I can swear he was not from home for a quarter of an hour.
If he had gone from home, must he have limped so that every body must observe it? - Yes; he could not walk ten yards without a stick; I believe he had on a blackish coat that day; Northover the carpenter was there several days before making a new bar.
Mr. Silvester. How long have you lodged there? - Between eight and nine years; this lameness was in his foot, it was got by a strain; I was sent with no messages to Lincoln's Inn.
Had you part of the relish of the leg of goose? - No, Sir; but I know them that had; they were in the parlour, and I was in the tap-room, it is a house much frequented by people, all the servants of Lincoln's Inn and porters.


                  WILLIAM
                   HUNT
               



             sworn.
I am a chairman, I am partner with Halling, I ply at Lycett's, I was there the whole day the King went to the Parliament House, I saw the landlord there all day, to the best of my knowledge, he was never out the whole day, I must have missed him if he had been from home but half an hour; I am sure he never was absent half an hour, his leg was swelled a good deal, I am sure he was at home the whole of that day.
Mr. Silvester. You do not live there? - I live at No. 6, Crown-court, Chancery-lane.
Court. If you, gentlemen, have reason to think his witnesses are right, you need not call to character.
Prisoner Lycett. I went to Hedge-lane, to know whether Brown knew me, and the gentleman asked him whether he knew me, he said he did not know me.


                  THOMAS
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I live in New Gravel-lane, I am a carpenter and undertaker; I know Jenkins seven weeks or two months, he called at my house the 24th of January, between one and two, and dined with me, and remained in my company till between seven and eight, and then left me; my reason of recollecting it was the second day of term, and I had some business with Mr. Willey, an attorney, and I was to have gone, and Jenkins coming, I omitted going, on account of his coming, as he knew my friends and relations; I am very positive to the day he dined with me, on the 24th of January, my wife and family dined with me, and 
               
                  George
                   Sibley
               



            .
Mr. Silvester. What is Jenkins? - I do not know; he enquired for a waiter's place; he brought a message from my brother about seven weeks ago, I am positive as to the time, because of neglecting going to the place I mentioned.
Mr. Garrow. He kept a coffee-house at Bristol, did not he? - I do not know.
Mr. Silvester. What had you for dinner? - A piece of pork and some greens.
What had you to drink? - Porter.
Any thing else after dinner? - Yes, beer repeated.
Did you drink tea in the evening? - No.
How came they to sit so long with you? - We were in discourse about the country and relations; we had five or six pots of beer.
Did Sibley stay there all the time? - No, he did not.
What time did he go away? - I cannot say.
How long before Jenkins? - I suppose an hour before, more or less.
Who came first? - Sibley.


                  GEORGE
                   SIBLEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Ratcliff-Highway, No. 102, I am a patten-maker and salesman; I went there the 24th of last month, we had a pint of beer; a young man came in, his name was Jenkins, he said, let us have a pot of beer, for he is a countryman, and Mr. Smith said, stop, and we had a bit of dinner, pork and greens, and some beer and a pipe; I staid till seven.
Was you a countryman? - Yes; we had no tea at all, only some beer; we were talking about some friends, I recollect it was the 24th, for I went to fetch my grandson to see the King go to the House, that was the reason, or else I should not have taken any nomination of it.
Mr. Silvester. Did you ever dine there before? - No, I came from Tewksbury, in Gloucestershire.
How many pots of porter had you? - I cannot say, we might have three or four; we dined at two o'clock, we staid till six, we had boiled pork and greens; the company consisted of Mr. and Mrs. Smith, and Mr. Jenkins.
Court. Did any body else dine with you? - Nobody else.
Man, woman, nor child? - No.
How long had you been acquainted with Smith? - Three or four years.
What does his family consist of? - His wife and a son, I cannot tell the rest of the family; the servants I did not take any notice of.
Are you rated? - Yes.
What is your name in those books? - 
               
                  George
                   Sibley
               



            .

Have you never been known by any other name? - No.
Jury. What coloured clothes had the prisoner on that day when you dined? - A blue coat; it may be the same coat, but I am sure that's the man, I never saw him before in my life, I never was in this Court in my life.
Not upon any account? - Is this the King's-Bench Court, I have been there? - No, it is not.
Then I never was here in my life.
(The prisoner Jenkins called two more witnesses to his character.)
(The prisoner Lycett called one witness to his character.)


                  JOHN
                   PITT
               



             sworn.
I know that man they call Sibley; I am positive he never was in this Court before; his real name is 
               
                  George
                   Sibley
               



            , he comes from Tewksbury.
Court. Call in the Prosecutor Hastings.
Court to Prosecutor. When was Jenkins taken up? - They were taken up in one day; he was taken at the Queen's Head in Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-Inn-fields.
Had you ever seen Jenkins and Lycett together, except when you lost your money? - Never, till I saw them at Lycett's house about two or three days before they were taken up; I went in there, and he was playing with a turn-about thing with a man that sells gingerbread; when he was taken up, the landlord of the Queen's Head wanted to personate Jenkins; I am equally clear to the persons of both the prisoners.
How were they dressed at the time you lost your money? - Lycett had a black coat on, and the same kind of button, and as to his face, I am positive sure of it; I made quite sure of them, before I would have them taken up.
These two prisoners came in after you and Jones? - Yes.
Who went off with the money? - Jenkins went first, Lycett followed, and then Jones.
Did you observe any thing of any of them being lame? - When Lycett sat, he had his leg up, and his breeches very shabby.
Had he shoes or boots on? - He had shoes on.
Were his buckles silver or yellow? - I cannot tell, Jones had boots on, I did not observe Jenkins.
Who paid the reckoning? - The landlord told me they paid it as they went out.
Prisoner Jenkins to Brown. Do not you know one Burbeck? - Yes.
Was not he one of the three that was in the room? - That was the man.
Prisoner Jenkins. My Lord, I am informed there was a man of the name of Burbeck, who is very much like me.


                  WILLIAM
                   LYCETT
               



            , 
               
                  JOHN
                   JENKINS
               



            ,




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not in the dwelling house of John Brown
            .
To be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
