





834. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JAMES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Ann
                         the 
                        wife
 of 
                              
                                 
                                    William 
                                    Brown
                                 







                  , on the King's highway, on the 17th day of October
, and putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and feloniously taking from her person, and against her will, a chased metal snuff-box, value 20 s. four dimity petticoats, value 20 s. three white linen neck handkerchiefs, value 6 s. a piece of flowered muslin, value 2 s. two bed gowns, value 3 s. one striped silk gown, value 20 s. a black laced cloak, value 5 s. a flowered cotton gown, value 10 s. a flowered linen gown, value 10 s. one green quilted petticoat, value 4 s. two flounced petticoats, value 10 s. two pair of silk stockings, value 4 s. one fan, value 12 d. six handkerchiefs, value 2 s. two cotton half handkerchiefs, value 2 s. one pair of black shoe-buckles, value 6 d. a sheet, value 2 s. three shirts, value 3 s. his property
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Silvester.)


                  ANN
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  William
                   Brown
               



            ; on the 17th of October, I was returning home about a quarter after six; I live in Berwick-street; I was in a coach; and when I came to the New church in the Strand


, the door opened, and I seized my bundle for fear it should fall out; the bundle lay on the side of the coach before me; after the door opened, I found my bundle pulled; upon that I laid the faster hold of it.
Could you see what pulled it? - No, I did not see any body then; my attention was fixed on the bundle; then I had a second pull, by that pull I was obliged to let go to save myself from falling out of the coach; then I saw my bundle on a man's back by the side of the coach; I got up, and cried out stop thief.
How large is this bundle? - Here it is; (a large bundle) the man was a little man, in a dark coat, and a flapped hat; nobody came to my assistance, but I called out, and the people called out; I saw the man turn up a turning; the coach was going on all the time, upon that the coach stopped, and the man made his escape with the bundle.


                  RICHARD
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter; I was going down the Strand, crossing from Surrey-street, and I saw a man walking behind a coach, having hold of the coach; at the New church in the Strand, I saw the prisoner have a bundle on his back, running away from the coach, he ran with great haste.
How far was he from the coach when you saw him? - I suppose it might be ten or fifteen yards; I am not sure it was the same man I saw behind the coach; then Mrs. Brown called out stop thief; and I went up to the coach, and she said she had been robbed of a bundle; the man turned up the New-buildings by the church; I am sure the prisoner is the man that had the bundle on his back.


                  EDWARD
                   RYLAND
               



             sworn.
I am one of the patrols of St. Sepulchre's; on the 17th of October, as I was coming from my own house, about a quarter before seven, I met the prisoner coming up the court, with this bundle over his left shoulder; I knew him to be a suspicious person; I followed him to the house of Mr. Chapman, the Angel in Union-court; I looked through the window, and I saw the prisoner take the bundle off his shoulder, and put it under one of the tables in the taproom; I suspected him immediately; I went to Mr. Bassett, an officer; Bassett returned with me in five minutes; I could not see either the man or the bundle; I went down George Alley, he was not there; then we returned to the same house, there was the prisoner coming up stairs with the bundle in his hands; as soon as he saw me, he threw down the bundle down the cellar stairs; I told Basset to take him, and I went down the cellar stairs for the bundle; this is it. ( Produced and deposed to.) Here is the snuff-box, which was in the bundle. (Deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Coming down by the New church in the Strand, there was a parcel of coaches, and I picked up this bundle, and took it home to advertise it.
What way of life are you in? - I am a butcher.

Can you satisfy the Jury that you are an honest man, and bear a good character? - Yes.
How came you to drop the bundle when you saw the officer? - I did not drop it; he knocked me down, and I let the bundle fall.
Court to Ryland. Is that true or false? - It is false.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of the highway robbery
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
