





58. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BISHOP
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of November
 last, five silk handkerchiefs, value 12 s. a cotton handkerchief, value 2 s. one linen handkerchief, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Milsom
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   MILSOM
               



             sworn.
I keep a pawn-broker
 and broker
's shop, in Wenton-street, White-chapel


. On the 4th of November I went out about some business, about nine o'clock in the morning, and left my servant, 
               
                  Ann
                   Perry
               



            , to take care of the shop; I returned about one o'clock; my servant told me I had been robbed, and I looked on the shelf and missed the things mentioned in the indictment; they were there when I went away, they are now in Court.


                  ANN
                   PERRY
               



             sworn.
My master went out between nine and ten o'clock, and before eleven o'clock this 
               
                  Joseph
                   Bishop
               



             came to our house, and asked me what he had to do, I told him the same as usual; he was employed by my master in sawing wood; I went into the kitchen to give the child something to drink, I left him in the shop, I heard somebody step in the shop, I looked in the shop I did not see any body, nor I did not see him, I did not look at the place where handkerchiefs were, I went back to the kitchen, then I heard somebody walk in the shop again, I looked towards the handkerchiefs, and I saw 
               
                  Joseph
                   Bishop
               



             something aside; I said, you have taken something, He said, he had not, I laid hold of him, and by my pulling him I unbuttoned his waistcoat, and down dropt the handkerchiefs mentioned in the indictment (The things deposed to.) another man came in to my assistance, and I had him stripped; my master was not at home, and in his breeches there was these; then my master came in.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going into the shop, and I saw these handkerchiefs lay upon the ground, and I was going to pick them up, the maid came out directly, and said I was going to rob my master, and she would swear my life away if she could.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
