





609. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DEALEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th day of May
, one wooden trunk, value 12 d. one cloth great coat, value 10 s. one cloth coat, value 20 s. one velvet waistcoat, value 4 s. one pair of jean breeches, value 5 s. one linen shirt, value 4 s. one dimity waistcoat, value 5 s. one silk neckcloth, value 12 d. one muslin neck-cloth, value 12 d. one stock, value 6 d. one silver stock buckle, value 2 s. one pair of silk stockings, value 2 s. and one pair of worsted stockings, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Shilling
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   SHILLING
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to my house at Portsmouth on the 16th of April, and asked me for a lodging, he owed me nineteen pounds, and I brought him up to town with me, and we came to the Angel behind St. Clement's, I left my trunk there and I took the prisoner with me to the coffee-house in the Strand, and we could not see his captain, and the prisoner said he wanted to ease himself, and he went away, and came to the Angel to take my trunk, and marched off with it; I staid there about ten minutes, I returned back to my lodgings and found my things were gone, I found some of them out, I thought I should find him down in Wapping, I went to St. Catherine's, and they persuaded me to go to the Justice and get a warrant, which I did, the prisoner happened to come into the house the Saturday following, the 22d of May, he was stopped and brought before me, so he told me he had left the trunk at one Mr. Ready's, a publican, and as he owed Mr. Ready four pounds or five pounds, he had stopped it; Ready took the things and pawned them.



                  RICHARD
                   READY
               



             sworn.
I live in Cable-street, the prisoner came to my house last Tuesday was a week, about three o'clock, and brought a trunk about fourteen inches long, he came in a coach to me there, and he ordered the coachman to bring in the trunk, and it was laid upon the table, it was broke open behind, and he put on a pair of clean stockings, he said his mother had given him money, and he bought some clothes, he owed me four pounds two shillings, he said he bought the clothes second hand, he gave me the trunk to take care of; on the Wednesday morning he came to me for the clothes, he said he wanted to sell them; I refused to let him have them without he paid me; on the Thursday morning he came to me, and said he was going to receive his money, and if I would lend him a shilling, I might keep the clothes; accordingly when the prosecutor came, I told him I had pawned all the things, I pawned them at Mr. Author's, the prisoner said several times the things I pawned were his own property, I never knew him rob any body before, and I have known him a twelvemonth.
Prisoner. A man gave me the trunk opposite St. Paul's, to carry down to this gentleman's lodging; ask him if there was not a sailor came next day and owned the clothes? - Yes, but the prisoner told me afterwards that, that man only came on a false pretence to get the clothes away from me.


                  THOMAS
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I live at the Angel behind St. Clement's, the prisoner came by our Portsmouth coach on the Tuesday morning, and the prosecutor with him, they delivered the things at the bar, they came in for a pot of beer, and were gone about an hour, and the prisoner came and asked for them, and the landlord delivered them into his hands, he asked if any thing was to pay.


                  Richard
                   Humphreys
               



            , the master of the tap confirmed the above account.


                  Thomas
                   Author
               



            , the pawnbroker produced part of the things which were pledged by the mother-in-law of Mr. Ready.


                  ELEANOR
               


             M'DONALD sworn.
I pledged the things that were given me by the request of the prisoner, he was present.
(A coat deposed to.)


                  WILLIAM
                   WHITEWAY
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner, and went with a search warrant to Ready's house.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
