





913. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     HAMILTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th day of September
 last, one linen gown, value 21 s. nine yards and a half of linen trimming value 2 s. 3 d. one silk and cotton gown, value 6 s. one black stuff flounced petticoat, value 6 s. one apron, value 12 d. one black silk bonnet, value 12 d. and 9 s. 6 d. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Groves
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Shaw
                     



.


                  JANE
                   GROVES
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  James
                   Groves
               



            , the prisoner lodged in a house where I lived, in the house of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Shaw
               



            ; I lost a new linen gown and a silk and cotton gown, this is the cuff of it, a black flounced petticoat, a new one, it cost me nine and six-pence, I had wore it about three hours, and four yards and a half of new trimming to trim the gown, it was linen trimming, and a black silk bonnet, the Manchester gown is silk and cotton; there was a white cloth apron with nine and six-pence tied up in the corner of it.
What was the value of these things? - The linen gown cost me thirty-six shillings, I never wore it but once, I paid four shillings for making it; the other gown is pawned for five or six shillings, the week before last; the trimming cost two shillings, the bonnet two shillings, and nine and six-pence in money; I never found any of the things again, any further than the prisoner said she had lost the bonnet.
How came that? - She told the constable she had lost it.
What is the name of the constable? - 
               
                  Edward
                   Treadway
               



            ; I met the prisoner in Broad St. Giles's on the 20th of September, and I asked her how she did, she said, indeed Mrs. Groves I am very bad, I am just come out of gaol, I am in great distress; I asked her to drink something, she said, if you please; I had known her three months before, I took her into a publick house and bid her chuse her own liquor, and she chose a quartern of rum, I paid a great for it, I I gave her six-pence to get her some meat, and I called for a pot of porter, and when she came back, I said, Mary here is sixpence, I am sorry for your distress; she said, indeed I am, for this old bed-gown is my shift; then I gave her a shilling and took the six-pence, then I got up to come away and it began to rain, I said Mary if you have a mind to come home with me and have a good dish of tea it may refresh you after your trouble; she came home with me and sat on the foot of the bed, and I took and tied the nine and six-pence in the corner of my apron in a hard kno, she saw me do it; I went and unlocked my box where my clothes were, and I put my apron and my money in the box, and I shewed her the trimming; I said I had bought it for that gown, and pointed to the box; she said it would look very neat; after a little while I said I was very poorly with a pain in my side, I would lay down if she would make the tea, she said do my dear, she covered me up, and I believe I fell asleep, and I missed her and there was no fire, and I went to light a candle, and I was locked in.
What time was this? - About one in the day-time, I thought she was gone to buy an old gown, I was not surprised, I made my bed and swept my room out afterwards; I found my box stripped of every thing, I missed my bonnet, I opened my window and called out, and a neighbour made answer, if any body has robbed you it is that woman in the white wrapper, for I saw her come down in your bonnet and a great bulk under her petticoats, she stood under the gateway and pressed it down then I begged that somebody would go to my landlady, and see if they could open the door, and they got the door open, and I pursued where she said the prisoner was gone, I looked every where for her, and about seven or eight I met her; says I, Mary what an ungenerous creature you are, to treat me in the manner you have done, she was a minute before she spoke, she took the pipe out of her mouth, and said, I was just going to send to you; says I, Oh! you ungenerous creature, was you a going to send me my clothes again, and my money, and where is the key of my room, she put her hand in her pocket and said d - n you here is your key; says I, I will not leave you till I know where my things are; she flung her pipe down in the street and said,
"by the Holy Ghost I will score you like pork, if you do not loose me," and she clinched her hands as if she had been going to strike me, but she did not: says I, I will forgive you the money if you will tell me where my things are, but if you do not I will fetch a constable; so then she downed on her knees in all the muck, and said,
"bad luck and a sudden death attend you Mother Groves, if you do not fetch a constable"; so then I did fetch a constable, or else I would not have troubled my head about her; nobody was in the room but her when I laid down.
When you found her had she any of your clothes on? - No, she had a very handsome gown on, which she had taken out of pawn that very afternoon.
How long did you sleep? - I cannot recollect, but it was more than an hour, it was about twelve when we came in together, and it was almost two when I awaked.
- DOUGLAS sworn.
I have a lower apartment; I was having some breakfast with the woman of the house with my children, and the prisoner came to the window and asked for the prosecutrrix, I told her I did not know such a person by name, with that she went away, this was about ten in the morning; she was gone about an hour and a half, when she and the prosecutrix returned together, and they went up stairs together, and she might be up stairs for an hour and half or an hour and three quarters, I cannot say which, along with this said Mrs. Groves; when she went up stairs she had neither hat, cloak, nor gown on, and when she came down she had the contents under her petticoats, a kind of bundle, and she stood under the gateway and was stroking down her hips, and the prosecutrix's bonnet was on her head, which I had seen on the prosecutrix before, I thought the prisoner was gone out of an erand, she seemed as if hesitating, and then she turned to the right hand towards St. Giles's; I afterwards told Mrs. Groves which way she went as soon as she made the alarm; I am sure to the prisoner.
Prisoner. Did not I come down again in two or three minutes and leave the house intirely? - Upon my oath she went up along with this said Mrs. Groves, and never came down with the contents till an hour and half, or an hour and three quarters; she came down also with the bonnet on her head.
Prisoner. Did you see a bundle with me? - Yes, I saw a bundle under your petticoats, and a bonnet on your head.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
Mrs Groves came to Justice Walker's about seven, and told me she had been robbed of the things mentioned in the indictment, and she gave me the key of the room; I went with her into Diot Street, we went from one public house to another, at last I met her in the street, I said to her, you must go along with me; what do you want? says she, I took her into custody, she had a linen gown upon her, she said she fetched it out of pawn that day, she said she had lost the bonnet, she was very much in liquor, she could hardly stand; I went with the key to open the woman's room, I tried it, and it opened the lock.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I did go into that gentlewoman's room, and she said I will lay in bed, and do you lock the door and come up towards the afternoon and let me out; I did lock the door and put the key in my pocket, and at the time I was to come to her, I met her and that man, I said I was just coming to let you out; the prosecutrix was very much in liquor; I have no more to say nor do in it, but the house she lives in there is nine or ten houses, one runs into another, and there is twenty bunches of keys to one house, I lodged in it. I have tried other keys, it is a great court, and all women of the town in it, there is not one honest person I believe in the court, I have no witnesses, for I did not think the woman would be so wicked to fetch me up.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            

To be 


               transported for seven Years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice NARES.
