





529. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     STONE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2d of July
 last, one pair of men's leather gloves, value 1 s.
             the property of a person unknown.


                  JOHN
                   CASS
               



             sworn.
I am a plaist erer, I live in Old-street-road, I was standing at the top of St. Andrew's watch-house


 on the morning Mills was executed, I saw the prisoner picking pockets, and particularly I saw him pick a gentleman's pocket, dressed in black of a pair of gloves.
Jury. Do you follow the profession of a constable? - No, I apprehended him, he was immediately took into custody by Mr. Catchpole, and was carried before a magistrate, he was searched on the spot and the gloves were found on him, I went there accidentally.
Prisoner's Council. Are those the gloves? - Yes, to the best of my remembrance, I could not get at the gentleman, he was in the mob.


                  WILLIAM
                   CATCHPOLE
               



             sworn.
I am a marshalman, it is my duty to attend at executions, and I heard a bustle in the ground, I rushed through the croud and found the prisoner in custody, I brought him under the gallows and there searched him, and among other things I found the gloves and a number of handkerchiefs upon him.
Jury. When the gloves were found did the prisoner say they were his own? - No.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was seeing the execution and I found the handkerchiefs and gloves all together behind a shutter.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
Mr. Recorder immediately passed sentence on the prisoner as follows:


                  Richard
                   Stone
               



            . - The court thinks it right to pronounce your sentence immediately upon your conviction, from the circumstances with which it was attended: you were one of the multitude attending to see the execution of an unfortunate wretch, whose life had fallen a sacrifice to his violation of the laws: If you had possessed any sense of feeling or humanity, or any obedience to the laws of your country, that example would have produced, at least, a momentary impression upon your mind; but such has been the hardness of your disposition, that at the moment you saw a fellow creature dying for his offences against the law, you chose that moment to commit an offence, which if it had been prosecuted with the rigour of the law, would have subjected you to a similar punishment; that offence committed under such circumstances shews a mind of so much profligacy and hardness, that you appear to the Court to be a man utterly unfit to be turned at large on this society; and therefore, as the offence for which you have been indicted is not capital, the sentence to be pronounced upon you is the only method by which the Court can punish you for your disregard to those laws, which you have so contumaciously broken; it is therefore the sentence of the Court upon you, that you be 


               transported to America for seven years
            .
