





363. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     THOMAS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 27th of April
 in the King's highway, in and upon 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person, a linen handkerchief, value 6 d. a pair of nankeen breeches, value 2 s. a linen shirt, value 2 s. and a cambrick handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of the said Thomas.
THOMAS TAYLOR.
How old are you? - Fourteen.
Did you ever take an oath before? - At the Justice's.
Do you know the nature of an oath? - Yes.
What will become of you if you don't tell the truth? - I shall go hell.


                  THOMAS
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to Mr. Andrews; going up Oxford-road


 with a bundle, between nine and ten in the evening, I met three men.
Were they talking together? - I did not take notice, they were coming past behind me, and one of them snatched the bundle from under my arm; I turned round, and took hold of his coat.
Was it the prisoner that took it from you? - No, I saw the prisoner running across the road, with the bundle under his arm; I caught hold of the man that took it from me; he said, I have not got your bundle, there is the man with your bundle, going across the road; I saw him, and followed him.
Before the bundle was taken from you, was you pushed by any body, or did you receive any blow? - No.
When it was snatched out of your hand, did you catch at it, so as to make any resistance? - Yes; I saw my bundle the next day at the Justice's; it contained the things mentioned in the indictment; they are all my property; Philpot the constable has them.
There was no conversation between the prisoner and the other two men thatyou heard? - Not any that I heard.
Mr. Knowlys. There was no kind of violence made use of at all? - No.
How long was it before the prisoner was taken? - About three minutes.
He was not the person who took it? - No.
You heard no conversation at all? - No.


                  GEORGE
                   READ
               



             sworn.
I was crossing Princes-street, Cavendish-square, I heard the cry of stop thief; the prisoner passed me with a bundle, I struck at him, and he dropped the bundle, which I took up, and carried it to the watch-house; he was taken by Mr. Davis.
Should you know the bundle again? - I should not.
PHILPOT sworn.
This bundle (producing it) was delivered to me by an old man, who had received it from Mr. Read; he is not here; it has been in my possession ever since.


                  RICHARD
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I am in the India-house; coming down Oxford-road, I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner running, and stopped him, and took him.
Had he a bundle? - No; I saw Taylor at the time, he said, a man had taken his bundle, and given it to the prisoner; I saw the bundle about two minutes after the prisoner was taken.
Should you know it again? - Yes.
Look at that bundle, is that it? - That is it; Taylor said it was his bundle.
Who produced it in the street? - I believe Mr. Read.
To Read. The bundle you picked up, was shewn to the prosecutor? - It was opened by the boy at the watch-house, and examined by him; but whether this is the bundle or not, I cannot say.
To Taylor. Is that the same bundle you examined at the watch-house? - Yes; the breeches and shirt are marked with my name; I am sure the things are all mine.
Mr. Knowlys. You did not see the contents of the bundle till you came to the watch-house? - No.
Who shewed it you then? - The master of the watch-house.
He is not here? - No.
To Mr. Read. You don't know the bundle yourself? - I do not.
How do you know that it was the same bundle that was opened? - I laid it down on the table in the watch-house, and it was opened and examined by the boy.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I heard the cry of stop thief; I ran with the other people, and was taken by this gentleman; I know nothing of the things.
The Prisoner called his master and another person, who gave him a very good character.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods, but not guilty of the highway robbery
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


