





342. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COCHRAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Dick
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the night, on the 25th day of February
, and burglariously stealing therein, four woollen blankets, value 20 s. one white linen quilt, value 6 s. the property of the said William Dick
            .
A Second Count, for that being in the said house, and having feloniously stolen the said goods, he did afterwards burglariously break to get out of the same.


                  WILLIAM
                   DICK
               



             sworn.
I keep a public house
 in Nightingale Lane


, the watchman informed me about ten o'clock, on the evening of the 25th of February, that the window was open, and I found it so, and the sash quite thrown up to the top, I had shut both the windows myself, the shutters were bolted within-side with three bolts; while I was bolting the window again, I saw a many things were gone, but the things in the indictment lay on a chair in the parlour, and there were also stockings, and a cloak, and a parcel of things, which I had bought that day: I went up to the watch-house, and there I saw one of the blankets with some thing tied in it, and I saw the corner of the quilt too at the watch-house, and I said they were what I had bought.
Had there been any body in the parlour that you knew of after the time you shut the windows, and before this time? - There might, I do not know, and no doubt but there was.
Did you go into the parlour after you shut the windows, and before you was alarmed? - O yes! several times.
Were the windows as you had left them? - Yes.
What is the latest time that you can recollect seeing the windows shut? - I am sure they were fast at nine.
Have you any recollection who were in the room? - I cannot say.
Had you seen the prisoner at all at your house that evening? - I cannot swear that I saw him, for I never knew the man before in my life.



                  RICHARD
                   FARMER
               



             sworn.
I was going round my beat, and I found the windows open, I called to Mr. Dick, I told him, he said he shut them, it was almost eleven, I saw no suspicious person near the house that evening.


                  JOHN
                   SERJEANT
               



             sworn.
I was walking upon my beat, between ten and eleven, I saw the prisoner coming along by the corner of the passage in Upper East Smithfield; he had these things in a loose manner thrown over his head, he entered the passage, I saw him stand there, I ran and fetched my lanthorn, and met him coming out againwith the things, and I stopped him, I carried him and the things to the watch-house, they have been in my possession ever since, they are the same I took from the prisoner.
(The quilt and the Scotch blanket deposed to by the Prosecutor, and by 
               
                  Hannah
                   Somerville
               



            .)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was drinking in the prosecutor's house that evening, and I saw four men and two women drinking in his parlour all that evening; about half after ten I was going home, and at the corner of Nightingale Lane I found these things, they were in canvass, which was dirty, and I hove it away, and put the things over my shoulder to carry them home.
Jury. Are you sure of the quilt and blanket.
Mrs. Somerville. I have no doubt, I darned the blanket, and joined the quilt.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of breaking
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
