






840. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of August

 last, eleven pair of leather boot legs, value 39 s. four pieces of cordovan leather, value 20 s. three pair of leather welts, value 2 d. six pair of mens leather soles, value 3 s. six pair of leather heel-pieces, value 18 d. a pair of boy's shoes, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Taylor
                  



               
            .
And 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOLLIER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving on the 27th of August last, one pair of boot legs, value 3 s. a pair of boy's shoes, value 2 s. two pair of soles, value 2 s. a pair of leather heel-pieces, value 2 d. part of the said goods, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  ROBERT
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a 
shoemaker



 in the Strand



; the prisoners are shoemakers; Wilson has worked for me about two months, and he has lodged and worked part of the time with the prisoner Hollier.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel. What is that paper you are looking at? - It is merely to refresh my memory.
Court. I see no objection to that.
Mr. Garrow. It is word for word; it is a mere story.
Prosecutor. The prisoner Wilson, lodged and worked most part of the time with hisfellow-prisoner; after he lodged in my house, I found I had been robbed; he begged the favour to lodge with my aprentice a few nights, because his shop-mate's wife was come to town; he certainly lodged there one night; about three weeks after, I missed some goods out of the room where he slept; I will not be sure of the day; I found most part of these goods at his sister's with the constable; the things were tied-up in James's apron; I could swear to the goods, they are in the Court; he confessed his shop-mate had induced him to commit the robbery.
Was there any promise of favour made him to tell? - Yes; we went into the room to him, I told him, if there was any thing more and he would confess before I went out of the room, I would shew him all the mercy I could; he would not; but after he went out of the room I told him I would not forgive him if he did not tell the whole; when he came to the Justice's, I do not recollect any promise being made him; he confessed before Sir Sampson, that his shop-mate had induced him to commit the robbery, and we found the rest of the goods in Hollier's room; Hollier worked for another master; at Hollier's were found a pair of boot-legs, and some odd pieces of leather besides; they were marked with a G and B, the currier's mark.
Mr. Garrow. In what part of his house were the things found? - Hollier took part of them out of a closet in his room; he produced them there as things brought by the other prisoner.
The prisoner was in the habit of taking things there that were to be worked up? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   FORNEAUX
               



             sworn.
I am the constable; I was called on the 17th of September to execute a search warrant for one Mr. Grant in Princes-street, Drury-lane, with Mr. Taylor in company; we went to Baker's shop, No. 383, in the Strand; Taylor and Grant entered the room before me, I looked into the passage and found the boot legs.
Did Wilson say any thing about the things that were found at his brother-in-law's? - I do not recollect he did; he acknowledged the whole of the robbery, and said the other persuaded him to it.
Court. There is no evidence against Hollier, but the declaration of the other prisoner.


                  JAMES
                   WILSON
               





               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
WM. HOLLIER, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
