





783. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GEALE
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               that she, between the hours of three and four in the night of the 28th of August
 last, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Annesley
                        




                     
                  , Esq
; feloniously did steal a silver tea-pot, value 6 l. a silver waiter, value 2 l. a cream-jug, value 20 s. a stand for snuffers, value 20 s. a pair of steel snuffers with silver bows, value 20 s. a silver crewet-stand, with eight glasses, value 6 l. five tea-spoons, value 10 s. and three table spoons, value 1 l. 10 s. six desert ditto, value 1 l. 10 s. three damask tablecloths, value 1 l. one ditto, value 10 s. a child's shirt, value 6 d. a petticoat, value 3 d. a night-cap, value 1 d. his property; and that she, between the hours of three and four in the night of the same day, the same dwelling-house feloniously did break, to get out of the same
            .
A second count, for stealing one child's cambrick shirt, value 6 d. a petticoat, value 3 d. a night-cap, value 1 d. the property of the said 
               
                  Alexander
                   Annesly
               



            .
The prosecutor's house was broke open the 28th of August; the prisoner was servant to the prosecutor, and had been sosixteen months, and was going away the day before the robbery; the family being alarmed by the watchman, and the prosecutor found the sideboard stripped, and some table cloths and some other things taken away; on searching the house, they found a neighbour's coachman under the prisoner's bed; no violence appearing to be done to the doors on the outside, but one of the garret windows was open next to an unfinished house; the things in the second article of charge were found in the prisoner's box. The prisoner admitted that four different men had been introduced into the prosecutor's house, at different times.
It appearing from the whole of the evidence, that the thieves got in at that garret window, and that the coachman and the prisoner had no concern in stealing the plate, the Jury acquitted the prisoner of the burglary, but found her




               GUILTY
            , of the second count.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
