





124. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     HART
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of November
 last, three gowns, value 20 s. a silk petticoat, value 3 s. a dimity petticoat, value 3 s. five shirts, value 20 s. four shifts, value 8 s. three bonnets, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Norfolk
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN
                   NORFOLK
               



             sworn.
I am a fishmonger
 in White-rose-court, Coleman-street


, on Sunday the 21st of November, my wife and me went to church in the morning, and left the prisoner, who is our servant
, at home, she had lived with us about three weeks; when we returned about one, I found the door upon the single latch, the house stripped, and the prisoner gone; I found her afterwards at the Waggon and Horse, at Tottenham, she had some of my wife's things on; she took the constable to a house just by; where the property was.



                  JOHN
                   CLARK
               



             sworn.
I found the things at the house of one 
               
                  John
                   Howard
               



            , there was a company drinking with the prisoner, I took her out, and she told me the things were very near, I told her to go before, she got from me; I found her in half an hour.
(The things deposed to.)


                  JOHN
                   HOWARD
               



             sworn.
I live at Edmonton, the prisoner left this bundle at my house, I have no acquaintance with her; she was taken before she came back; I never saw the bundle open till she was taken.
Prisoner. I leave it to you, Sir, and the Jury.
Court to Prosecutor. What may be the value of these things, if they are above forty shillings value, it will be a capital offence.
Prosecutor. My Lord, I value them at thirty shillings, in order to save her life, because the wretch's life is no value to me.




               GUILTY, 30 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
