





821. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     IVEMAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of October
, one Mocoa snuff-box set in gold, value 21 s. a silver smelling-bottle, value 12 d. a silver filagree box, value 18 d. a silver pencil, value 6 d. a child's silver tea-cannister, value 12 d. a child's etwee-case, value 12 d. a small gold pencil, value 12 d. three odd pieces of silver, value 12 d. one miniature picture set in silver, value 10 s. one other miniature picture, value 2 s. one pair of polished steel shoe-buckles, value 2 s. a pair of paste ear-rings, set in silver, value 2 s. a pair of yellow stone ditto, value 2 s. a woman's steel watch-chain, value 6 d. a box, value 6 d. a plain gold ring, value 2 s. a japanned patch-box, value 6 d. a smelling-bottle, value 2 d. one copper medal, value 2 d. a toothbrush, value 1 d. a locket, value 12 d. one other woman's chain, value 12 d. a padlock, value 12 d. a key, value 1 d. four japanned boxes, value 12 d. one case, with an Indian figure, value 2 s. two other odd India figures, value 2 d. two amber boxes, value 3 s. one child's tin chest, value 1 d. an ivory tooth-pick case, value 1 d. an ivory picture, value 6 d. one other picture, set in silver, value 12 d. one other watch-chain, value 1 d. one painted wooden box, value 6 d. one pair of red stone ear-rings set in gold, value 2 s. a silver pocket-book and lock, value 4 d, a key, value 12 d. a piece of small foreign coin, value 6 d. a small ditto, value 1 d. two silver three-pences, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Gertrude Mary 
                           Thomas
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, one silver watch, value 20 s. one silver taper-stand, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thomas
                        



                     
                  , Esq
; in his dwelling-house
            .


                  CHARLES
                   NASSAU THOMAS
               



             sworn.
On the 5th of October, I was at Hampton-Court Wick; this house in Charles-street, Berkley-square


 is my father 
               
                  John
                   Thomas
               



            's, and he let it to Lord Cathcart, on the 5th of October; when this robbery was committed, Colonel 
               
                  Cathcart
               


             inhabited it; I saw these things at a silversmith's; I knew them to be my father's and sister's; it was a ready furnished house, there was a garret kept in reserve for my father's goods, and the door was locked.


                  ELIZABETH
                   BATCHELLOR
               



             sworn.
I was housekeeper in Colonel Cathcart's family; I know the prisoner, she was house-maid
 there; it was a ready furnished house; I knew nothing of the things till the silversmith came to our house; they were kept in a room locked up; General Thomas kept the key; the girl behaved very sober and industrious while she was with us.
Court to Mr. Thomas. Do you know any thing of these things being lost? - As soon as I saw the things, I knew from whence they came; I saw them in the boxes, and put into the garret; and I have since found every box and trunk broke open, and every thing turned inside out.


                  THOMAS
                   MILLER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to 
               
                  Jonathan
                   Hartland
               



            , No. 110, in Oxford-street; the prisoner brought some things to sell; the small silver things she said were given her when a child, the other box was given her by her brother who is dead; they have been in my possession ever since; I never saw the prisoner before; I stopped the articles and went to the house where she lived servant.
(The things deposed to by Mr. and Miss Thomas)
Mr. Schoen, prisoner's Counsel. How long before this thing happened were these things left in the honse? - I suppose not less than three years.

You have not seen them for that time? - No.


                  CHARLES
                   JEALOUS
               



             sworn.
Produces a silver watch which could not be deposed to; but produced two miniature pictures and a child's silver candlestick which were deposed to.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.




               GUILTY, Of Stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
