





914. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HENDERSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Nathaniel 
                           Oliver
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of four in the afternoon on the 10th day of October
, no person being therein, and feloniously stealing therein, one silver teaspoon, value 2 s. one cloth apron, value 12 d. one linen shift, value 12 d. four children's shirts, value 18 d. one callico bedgown, value 9 d. one diaper napkin, value 8 d. ten children's caps, value 2 s. one muslin cap, value 3 d. one muslin handkerchief, value 6 d. two callico handkerchiefs, value 6 d. half a yard of linen cloth, value 12 d. a stone ring set in silver, value 2 s. a stone pin set in base metal, value 1 d. a necklace set in silver, and 80 glass beads to the same, value 2 s. the property of the said Nathaniel
            .
NALHANIEL OLIVER sworn.
I am a dyer
, mine is a small house, in which myself, my wife and one child live; I went out in the afternoon, my wife having gone out before me, I made fast the door when I went out, I bolted the back-door and locked the fore-door, I had the keys in my pocket, I left nobody in the house, I returned in about an hour after, and I found a man in the house and my drawers were rifled, and when I returned my door was open.
Had you delivered your key to any body while you was absent? - No, I came back before my wife, I was at work just by, and I heard a noise, and I came to the back door, and there was the prisoner in the back room, I found him in the bed-room below stairs, I found nobody else.
What was he doing? - He was taking the things out of my drawers.
Had he in fact taken any thing out of the drawers? - Yes.
What? - Some children's shirts and shifts.
Where were they laying? - Some he had put in his bag, and some were laying in a chair; I asked him what business he had or what he wanted there, and he turned and said I will shoot you, and he put his hand into his pocket; I drew from him and he pushed by me, and I immediately followed him till I took him in the street he got out.
How far from your house had he got before you took him? - Nearly half a mile.
How came you to let him go so far? - I did not care to go too near him for fear he should shoot me, but more people came up then I mustered up courage, he ran and before I took him he threw something away, I followed him as close as I could within fifteen or twenty yards, he was not out of my sight in the course of my running.
Did you observe him throw something away? - Yes I did observe him throw something away, but what it was I could not tell; after I took him I went to the place where he threw something away, and there we found a pistol; when I took him he had one of my silver spoons in his pocket.
Had he any thing else? - Nothing else of my property; he had a box of gun-powder of his own.
What became of the bag you saw in the house? - It was left behind.
Who did the bag belong to? - To him.

It did not belong to you? - No.
After you had taken him did you examine that bag to see what was in it? - Yes, there were children's shirts, and shifts, and caps.
How many? - I did not count any of them, some things of mine were found in the bag and some were found in the chair.
After you had taken him did you examine the doors to see how he got in? - He broke open the back door, and took off the two bolts, the two bolts were laying down by the door on the inside.
Where does that back door open to? - Into a garden, I came to the back door.
How happened that? - I was down in the field at work near to the house, and I heard a noise, and it gave me a suspicion that somebody had broke in.
What became of the things that were in the bag, and that were in the chair? - The officer had them, his name is 
               
                  John
                   Armstrong
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
The prosecutor gave me these things by order of the Magistrate.


                  EDMUND
                   WADE
               



             sworn.
I produce the tea-spoon which I found in the prisoner's pocket, and a box of gunpowder.
(The tea-spoon deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Mrs. OLIVER sworn.
Court. Look over these things, that linen, and tell me whether you know any of them.
(The things deposed to.)
(The pistol produced, which was loaded with two balls.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was in great distress; I had not had a mouthful of victuals to eat; I had travelled from Bristol; I am a seafaring man; I have not a soul living in the world.
Court. You had better have sold your pistol and bought bread with that; how old are you? - About twenty-one.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
