





512. 
               
                  
                     OLIVA 
                     HART
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th day of June
 last, one watch, the inside and outside cases made of silver, value 2 l. one base metal chain, value 2 s. and one tortoise-shell snuff-box, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wright
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am an officer in the army
, I live in Lancaster-court, in the Strand; on Sunday the 16th of June, I was met by a woman and taken into the Red-lion, Picadilly


, about twelve at night; I was in liquor; when I went with her I had my watch, chain, seals and snuff-box; she left me asleep; I cannot swear to this woman; I left the house about nine o'clock; I missed my property when I was dressing myself, which was between six and seven; when we first went in they called for some hot pot, or something of that kind, which quite stupified me.


                  WILLIAM
                   DICKENSON
               



             sworn.
I live at Mr. Parker's, a pawnbroker, in Prince's-street: on Monday morning, the 16th of June, the prisoner at the bar brought this silver watch to Mr. Parker's, and said, she wanted one pound eight shillings on it, she said it belonged to her brother in Oxford-road, who had had the misfortune to break his thigh, and was in the hospital; we sent her to Bow-street.
(The watch produced and deposed to.)


                  JOHN
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
I belong to Bow-street; I searched the prisoner and found this snuff-box, and coming along she told me, she got it at the Red-lion, in Picadilly, I went there, and found the prosecutor, but he was so much intoxicated he could not be examined.
(The snuff-box deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The prosecutor was in the house all night, I was in another room, in the same house, I heard every word they said, I found the box in the room, and the watch the gentleman himself gave me to pawn for him.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
