





14. 
               
                  
                     ANN
                      GOODIFF
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22d of August
 last, 2 linen shirts, value 10 s. and one cotton gown, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Punter
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  ELIZABETH
                   PUNTER
               



             sworn.
I am a washerwoman
, I live in Bell Savage Yard


, on the 22d of August the prisoner came to me with a pretence for me to send for a bundle of linen from No. 9, John-street, Adelphi Buildings, about 8 in the evening; then she asked me for something to make water, which I am ashamed to speak, but I must speak the truth; I handed her something, I did not like to look at her, and I turned to my closet for a candle: she squatted down where these two shirts were: after I had lighted my candle, I went for a bit of paper on that side of the room to write a direction, and she was on that side also, and there was a gown on the end of my drawers, and the gown was gone while I turned me to write the direction: I did not miss the gown then nor the shirts; the prisoner was in a great hurry to be gone, and I called my maid to put on her hat and go with her. She said her master had given her a shilling, and she would have a pint of gin, I said, less would do, she sent for some gin, and they drank it at the door, my washerwoman knew her face; then the maid and the prisoner went towards the Adelphi Buildings, and when she came opposite Fleet Market, she bade her go on as she was going to market: when the maid came back, I missed the things.


                  ANN
                   COPE
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to the last witness, I went with the prisoner to fetch the linen from No. 9, John-street, Adelphi Buildings, and as we went she stopped on Ludgate-hill, and asked me for a pin, I gave her one, and she bid me stand before her, and I turned my head round, and she was pinning up something, but I do not know what.
Court. Where was she pinning it? - Under her coats. We went a little further, and she stopped at the top of the Fleet market, and said she must go the Poulterer's for a fowl, and go to the Grocer's for some tea and sugar; and she bid me make the best of my way to the house for the bundle of linen: when I came to John-street, there was no such name or person: when I came back I told my mistress, and she missed the things directly: two shirts and a gown; they were never got again. I heard the prisoner own to the gown the night she was taken up, which was three weeks after: I never saw her before, but I am sure she is the same person.
Court. What did she say when she owned to the gown? - She said young woman do not make yourself uneasy, you shall have the gown; and I said, and the shirts too, I did not hear her answer to that.
Court. Prisoner, would you ask this witness any questions.
Prisoner. Yes my Lord, a great many. This woman I am sure has perjured herself, in regard to her saying I acknowledged the gown at the time I was apprehended on suspicion.
Court. What shall I ask her about your acknowledging the gown?
Prisoner. Ask her where and when.
Cope. At the same house in Turnmill-street that the constable took us to: the constable was present and heard her say it.
Prisoner. Ask her who was present besides? - There was my mistress's nephew, but he did not hear it, and the washerwoman.
Prisoner. From the first of it to this instant moment, I declare I know nothing of it.


                  JOHN
                   REDGRAVE
               



             sworn.
I took up the prisoner, I carried her to a house in Turnmill-street; she desired to have something to drink; she said, as for the gown, the gown shall be returned, the other things cannot, for they are out and out.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
To answer any question, or demand any question, to a set of people like him who now stands before your Lordship, is in vain; I am at present at your bar friendless, and to a man who gets his money entirely by disposing of the lives of people that come before your Lordship, what have I to say? Redgrave came into my apartment, I had a bad leg, and was making a bandage for it; he was in company with two women; he said, You are my prisoner for robbing the laundress; I said, I knew nothing of it; they never proposed to me neither where did you pledge such things, or had you such things, but you are the person, and they took me to Clerkenwell; on the ensuing day I was had for examination, and this woman, in company with another, which I ordered out of Court, both swore to my being the person by a mark of a man of war on my arm, which arm I am at present ready to expose to the Court: they told me after the second hearing, if I would only acknowledge where the things were, they would forgive me; and the prosecutrix has been with me twice, and sent her nephew; I am entirely innocent, I have nothing marked on my arm but Jesus, Holy Saviour: I am a Roman by profession, or at least of the Church of Rome. I have no money to pay people to go for witnesses, and I trust this is not a land for oppression.



               GUILTY
            . 


               Transported for seven years
            .
(The prisoner behaved after the verdict in a very riotous and unbecoming manner.)
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
