





94. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     SPARKES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of December
 last, two coach glasses, value 30 s. three chariot glasses, value 50 s. and a broken glass belonging to a chaise, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Rainsford
                  




               
            , Esquire
.


                  JOHN
                   BONNETT
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Rainsford; on the 15th of last month my master lost five old coach glasses, and a half one which was broke the day before, they were worth 15 s. a-piece, when I came to the stable in the morning, the coach house was broke open, and the frames left in the carriage, and the glasses taken out; the next morning I heard a man was taken up with some coach glasses in a green bag.
Court. Did you see the glasses in the watch-house? - No, not till they came to the Rotation office in Litchfield-street. (The glasses produced and deposed to.) The man was taken from the watch-house to the office in a coach, and the glasses too, I went with him.
Court. Can you swear to the glasses! - Only that they fit the frames.
Court. Look at them, and see whether you can take upon you to swear to them. - It is hard swearing to glass, but I believe them to be the same.
Did the prisoner say any thing before the justice? - He said, he had them of a man at the end of Welbeck-street to put them in frames for him, a man that was going into business.
Court. Are these glasses of any uncommon size? - No, my Lord.
Are they the exact number that your master lost? - Yes.
When was the prisoner taken up? - He was taken up about five in the morning, in Charlotte-street, near Portland-street, that is not far off.
Court. How many streets distance? - Just across Portland-place a little way.


                  JOHN
                   CURTIS
               



             sworn.
I am a lamp-lighter; I took the prisoner in Charlotte Mews, about five, the clock had not struck; he was standing still, I was going to alter the lamp, and I said, what do you say, he said, I am calling my boy, I thought he was a chimney sweeper, he was coming out with these glasses and a great coat; I asked him what he had there, he said, it was some glass he was going to polish, says I, friend you must stop a little, it is our orders to stop any suspicious person, the same as a constable or watchman; he took the glass to the watch-house, and the account that he gave of it there was, that he had it from a man to polish; but he could not tell the man's name, nor the number of the house, nor any thing.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The person I received these glasses of came to my house the day before I was taken into custody, he asked me to make some frames, and to come between five and six for them, it was in Welbeck-street, at a public house where I had been before, he was was to meet me there; he met me about half an hour after five, as nigh as I can guess, he gave me the glasses in a green bag, he left me just as that man stopped me in the street, I was stopping to rest myself, I said, I had some plate glasses, and was going to make some frames for them, I was taken to the watch-house; I could not find the man that gave them to me, he said he would come to my house as soon as I was there.

Court to Prisoner. Where do you live? - In Dean-street, Holborn.
Court. Is Charlotte Mews in the way? - Yes.
Is it a thoroughfare?
Prisoner. I was not in the Mews, I stopped at the corner, resting myself at a shop window; I have no witnesses.
Court to Curtis. Was he in the Mews? - He was as far as I am from you.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
