





18 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HERBERT
                  , ALIAS 
HARBOURNE




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of December
, nine live fowls, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Barks
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   BARKS
               



             sworn.
I live in Saint John's Wood


, in the parish of St. Mary-le-bone


; I lost last Thursday morning nine fowls; they were there the night before I am sure; I saw them myself at dusk; they were stolen on Wednesday night or Thursday morning; they were in a range of buildings, four yards from my house; I have several out-houses, the one is a granary; they were in the hay-house; it was locked up on Wednesday at night; on Thursday morning I got up at six, the usual time of going to the stable; I saw the hen-house door broken open; it was just light enough for me to discern that the door was open; I saw the lock entirely broken; the door was wrenched open; I looked into the hen-house, and saw only one fowl; I lost fifteen, sixteen, or seventeen; I immediately made it public; I saw the fowls afterwards alive at my own house.



                  JOHN
                   FLETCHER
               



             sworn.
I was walking by the side of the hedge; between two fields, where the men were at plow, that is joining the to the prosecutor's field, and I saw a sack lay in the ditch; and I went and turned the sack up, and under it there was a bag; what there was in the bag I did not know; I went and asked the men if they knew any thing; one George Barnes that is here went along with me; and there were nine fowls in the bag; they were dead, I took them to the prosecutor's; and after that I carried them back to the place; I laid them into the same place and watched them; I was desired to do so; when I had been there about ten minutes the prisoner came by the side of the hedge and stooped down; it was marked with a piece of an oystershell; and it glistened; and he removed the oystershell as I sat in the ditch; I did not see the oystershell when I found the bundle; it was there when I carried the bundle; it might be there, but we did not take notice of it when we found the bag; we took notice of it when we carried the bag back.
Then it was no mark for you in laying the things there again? - No; I laid the things as near as I could in the same place; I went by a mark of a hole in the hedge; the prisoner came about half after six and removed the oystershell.
Was he alone? - Yes; he came into the ditch directly; it was a dry ditch, and took hold of the black bag and lifted it up, and then caught hold of the white; and threw the black bag on one side, and took up the white bag; he had not gone above two yards before I caught him.
Had he put it on his shoulders, or what did he do? - I cannot be positive; when I laid hold of him, he cried out, Lord have mercy upon me, what shall I do; I said, we have got him safe enough; he said nothing till we had got to the prosecutor's, then he said there was nobody concerned with him.
What did he say about himself? - Going over the fields by Mary-le-bone workhouse, he said, it would not touch his neck, on less it belonged to the dwelling-house, or joined to the dwelling-house, but now he was sure of going to Botany-bay.
- BARNES sworn.
I was with the other man; I saw the prisoner stoop into the ditch, and he took off the black bag, and was going off with the white bag; and that man collared him; when we were going to the watch-house I was behind carrying the things; I did not hear what he said.


                  BENJAMIN
                   BATES
               



             sworn.
I swear to the fowls; here are the heads and legs; I examined them at the time; they were my master's property; I am positive to them; I have fed them often; they are the same fowls that were in the bag.
Prosecutor. I knew the fowls; I knew they were mine; I have frequently fed them myself.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going over the fields to look for some work in the morning; and I saw something lay in the ditch, a sort of a bag or sack; I went on about my business, and turning back in the evening, I thought I would see what it was; I took the black bag up and there was nothing in it; I saw a white bag laying under it, and I took it up, and before I could see what was in it they took me; I have no witnesses.



               GUILTY
            .
Court to prisoner. You are very well remembered here; the expressions you have used, prove you to be an old offender; you seem to have known the distinctions; you told the man who took you up, that you expected to go to Botany-bay; that expectation will certainly be fulfilled.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
