





579. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th day of June
 last, three gallons of varnish, value 18 s. eight pounds weight of 
                     
                        terra
                         de Seina
                     



                  , value 8 s. two quarts of black Japan, value 5 s. one pound of Olympian green, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wallis
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   WALLIS
               



             sworn.
I am a varnish-manufacturer
; I met the prisoner near my house, with a sack under his arm; I asked him where he was going, he said to take it to Mr. Morgan's, a corn-chandler's, in Short's gardens; I said, you shall not take the sack; he then attempted to take it into the back warehouse; I suspected he had something he should not have; I followed him and brought him with the sack to the front shop; I shut the door, and opened the sack, and found eight pounds of 
               
                  terra
                   de Seina
               



            , mentioned in the indictment; then I sent for a constable, and took him to Bow-street; his lodgings were searched; one of Sir Sampson's men went with us; we asked for the key of the room, and the woman of the house informed us that was his lodgings; I know he has lodged there a long time; he went with us there; we found the green that is mentioned in the indictment; what we make use of in putting our colours on, and a bottle with three gallons of varnish; I did not promise him any favour; he said he did not know how they came there; he did not acknowledge they were my property; but I believe them to be my property, they are things that I deal in.
Could you have missed it if you had not found it? - No, I could not, the prisoner might have robbed me of two or three hundred a year, and I not miss it; I can positively swear to the bottle; I gave the bottle to one of the gentlemen at the door.
(The bottle produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of the paper being put into the sack, or that there was any thing whatever in the sack when I took it up; I never took any thing of the kind to my lodgings, while I was a servant to Mr. Wallis; there are two doors to the room that goes through into a little yard, and likewise to the necessary, for all the rest of the lodgers; there is a varnish maker in the same house.
Prosecutor. I certainly believed him to be an honest man before this.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
