





468. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LANGLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April
, twenty-nine pounds of iron nails
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Good
                  




               
            .


                  BENJAMIN
                   GOOD
               



             sworn.
I am a tire-smith
.
Court. Did you in April last lose any nails? - I believe I did. On the 25th of April I was called on by the watchman, he asked me if I had sent a man out with any nails; he said he had stopped a man on Snow-hill with some, and that he said he had them from me; I went with the patrol to the watch-house and saw the nails; they are my property, they were taken from the prisoner by the patrol; I asked the officer of the night if he had searched him, and he said no, I desired him to search him, and twenty-seven nails were found in his pocket: the prisoner had worked with me eighteen months or thereabouts; but I discharged him before Christmas; I asked him if anybody was concerned with him; and he said no.



                  RICHARD
                   WILLEY
               



             sworn.
I am patrol, I stopped this man on Snow-hill, on the 25th of April; I had suspicion, and asked him where he was going, and he said to Weston's Park, near Lincolns Inn Fields, to a coach-makers, and he said the tire was gone the day before; I told him he must go with me to the watch-house; he said he got up to the top of the place and took the tiles off and got in; and we went and found it was so.
SAMUL ROBERTS sworn.
On the 25th of April, the patrol brought this man to the watch-house with these nails; I asked him where he brought them from, and he said he had them of the prosecutor; I sent the patrol for the prosecutor, and he came and said he had been robbed, and that he had not employed the prisoner to carry these nails; he begged for mercy.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am not guilty.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
