





377. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COUSINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th day of February
, one watch, with the inside case made of gold, and the outside case made of shagreen, value 8 l. one steel chain, value 1 s. one cornelian seal set in gold, value 5 s. one gold acorn, value 1 s. one silver watch, value 20 s. one stone seal set in base metal, value 6 d. and one base metal key, value 3 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Wertherley
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  CHARLES
                   WERTHELEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Bearbinder-lane


, the prisoner was my porter
, and carried out things; he slept in the house, he robbed me of two watches, he had lived with me three months and a fortnight: on the 10th of February last, about eleven at night I missed these two watches, one was gold and the other silver; the prisoner quitted my service that day: I missed also the chain and seals mentioned in the indictment; the watches hung in the dining room, I saw them about eight that morning.
FRETWELL BOWMAN sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, in Drury-lane, on the 11th of February, about six in the evening, the prisoner brought a silver watch and a metal seal and key to me to pledge; he said it was his own, and he had it about three months, and it cost him nothing; then I asked him again how long he had had it, he then said a fortnight: I thought the watch was not his own, and I sent for a constable; this is the watch he offered me; he was examined, and on him was found this gold watch in a shagreen case, and gold seal and acorn, and a steel chain; he did not refuse to be searched.
(The two watches produced and deposed to.)


                  MOSES
                   MORANT
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner, and took this gold watch from him.




               GUILTY. Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
