





294. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, two silk handkerchiefs, value 5 s. and eight yards of ribdelure, value 16 s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Thomlinson
               




            .


                  JAMES
                   THOMLINSON
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was my servant
; on Thursday morning, there were twelve yards of a piece of linen that I missed put down the area window, the prisoner was still in my service; these goods that I found, I kept; I carried them up; I did not know which way they went; the morning following, between seven and eight, she ran away from my service; we found her the Monday following; I told her, she must go to my house, and then I asked her how she could rob me in the manner she had done? she said, it was distress that drove her to it.
Did you make her any promise if she would tell of the whole? - No; I told hershe had no occasion to be distressed, as she might have had her wages every evening; she came to my house, and pulled out a vast number of duplicates of what she had pawned and pledged, and others, she said, she had pledged without duplicates; I suspected it must be some of my family that had robbed me; as I had had a good character of the prisoner, I did not suspect her; I had gone over all the house, and examined the things carefully, and all my family knew of my loss.


                  BARTHOLOMEW
                   CONELLY
               



             sworn.
I only swear to the property; I know nothing of the robbery; I am son-in-law to the prosecutor.
HILL GORDON sworn.
I produce eight yards of ribdelure; I received it of the prisoner, the 21st of December; I am sure it was the prisoner; I have been acquainted with her eight years; she had a good character; I knew she had left her place, and I asked her who the goods belonged to; she said, they belonged to Mr. Riches, No. 4, Leicester-court, in the Strand; she said, if I had any doubt, I might soon stop her; she said, she lived servant there.
(Deposed to by the Prosecutor.)
Conelly. I know this to be my father's property by the piece in the book, and the selvage being torn off.
(Shewn to the Court.)
Is not there a thousand yards of this in London? - Yes.
How do you know it from any other piece? - By the pattern.
Does not that pattern fit with any other piece? - No, I do not think you could match it exactly in colour.
What reason have you to think so? - Because we have a hard matter to match them ourselves; I have the duplicate of the piece of goods which she delivered to me; (the duplicate shewn to the Court;) I am sure and positive she said it was my property, and gave me the ticket of it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
