





310. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October
, a cloth coat, value 20 s. a dimity waistcoat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Collinson
                  




               
            .



                  THOMAS
                   COLLINSON
               



             sworn.
The prisoner lodged at the house where I did, at Hogsdon; he had been there about eight days before I lost my things; I lost them on the 13th; there were two beds in the same room; he had one, and I the other; and when I got up I laid my things on the box; on Monday morning I got up at five o'clock, it was on the 13th of October, and went to work; I left my coat, it was a blue coat, and a white dimity waistcoat; I left the prisoner in bed when I got up, and returned home at night about seven, when I missed my things; the prisoner was not at home then; the next time I saw him was in Tothill-fields in custody, it was two months after; I heard of it from the people where I lodged, they said, he was taken up; I found him at Tothill-fields; I found my coat and waistcoat at Mrs. Lowe's in Baldwin's Gardens; I did not ask him to tell me where they were; he told another person, of the name of Clark, first, and then he told me, that he pawned them on the same day in Baldwin's Gardens; it was the first time I saw him there that he told me; I first asked him, how he did? and then he said, he had taken my clothes, and had pawned them in Baldwin's Gardens for 18 s.
Court. Did you hear the conversation between him and Clark? - No, I did not.
Is Clark here? - No, my Lord.
Why did not you bring Clark here?
Prisoner. Did not the witness issue a warrant against me for taking the things; and when he came to Tothill-fields Bridewell, he tore it, and said nothing should hurt me? - No, my Lord, I did not; he was in for another offence; after he told me where the things were, I said I wished he was out.


                  WILLIAM
                   PAYNE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mrs. Lowe, a pawnbroker; the prisoner pawned these things on the 13th of October; I knew him before; I have no doubt as to his person.
(The property deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Clark and another person came first, and after some conversation, they persuaded me to tell where the things were, and that they were sure he would not hurt me; that he was a working man, and had been out of work some time, and that it would be easier for him to take them out than buy others, as they supposed I had not pawned them for the value; afterwards the prosecutor came in, and I told him where they were; and he said he would not hurt me.



               GUILTY
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
