





316. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WISE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, two ounces of burnt silver, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davey
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   DAVEY
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman
; I had some silver lace I had saved in my service, part of which I burnt; I went to get some more burnt at Long-Acre, at Mr. Plant's; while it was burning, the prisoner came to me, and tapped me on the shoulder; and said, take care they do not cheat you out of the silver; what was burnt was in the pan on the fire; it was on the 9th of March; we thought the prisoner belonged to the shop; and the refiners thought he belonged to us; after the pan was taken off the fire, I asked the prisoner to fetch two pots of beer, and he should partake of it; he went and ordered it, and came back in about two minutes; I was watching the man who was refining, and he came and took this which was burnt, and lay on the block in Mr. Plant's shop, and whipped it into his left-hand pocket; I caught hold of him; and asked him, what he was going to do with my silver? I asked the refiners, whether they knew any thing of him? they said, no; and I pulled his hand out of his pocket, and he put the ball of silver into my right-hand; it was the lump of silver which we had burnt at home, and carried to Mr. Plant's to be refined; I am sure it is the same.


                  JAMES
                   BOWMAN
               



             sworn.
I saw the coachman pull the prisoner's hand out of his pocket, with the silver in his hand.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been to Mr. Plant's to sell a shilling which was crackt in two; I was there when these gentlemen were there; I went to order a pot of beer, and when I came back, they asked me to drink; I had the burnt silver in my hand weighing it, and my other hand being lame, I put it in my pocket while I drank.



               GUILTY
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
