







315, 316, 317. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LAKE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HARRIS
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  THO. 
                  LEE
               



            , were indicted for 


               making an assault on 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Burrell
                        




                     
                  , on the king's highway, on the 11th of March
 last, having a weapon called a cutlass, which the said 
                     
                        George
                         Harris
                     



                  , then and there, had and held, with intent to steal the monies of the said 
                     
                        John
                         Burrell
                     



.


                  JOHN
                   BURRELL
               



             sworn.
I was one of the six persons that was going to Islington


, in going between the ditches, just beyond Mr. Gray's farm, we were attacked by three people; this Harris I passed, I was the last man, I went to look him in the face, just as I got up to my company, Mr. Myles had one of them in a ditch, Harris passed me, jumped into the ditch, drawed a cutlass, and was going to cut away at Mr. 
               
                  Myles
               


             I suppose; I hit him on the side of the head with a stick I had in my hand, on which he instantly got out of the ditch and hegan to cut away at me; I kept off his cutlass with the stick some time, at last he cut me through the hat, (he shewed his hat with a cut in it about two inches long). I knocked the cutlass out of his hand, I thought I had broke it, he ran away; immediately after we found this in the ditch (producing the blade of a cutlass with a handle.)
Cross-Examination.
How do you know it to be Harris? - I am sure of it, he passed me afterwards, he cut at me several times, and I saw his face perfectly clear, I am very sure he is the man that cut at me; he was one that staid behind, and I being the hindermost man of our company I looked at him and saw him and saw him very plain, I looked at him while I was engaging him; it is natural for a person when engaged in single stick to look at the man full, to look steady in his face to see his eyes.
Have you any knowledge in single stick? - A little I have.
Was it-light enough to see his face? - Yes; I have no doubt about his face.
Have you nothing to say about the others? - No, nothing.
Mr. MYLES sworn.
There were three men you met? - Yes.
One of them laid hold of Mr. Bull, I understand, and you attacked him? - Yes; I throw'd him into the ditch.
To Mr. Burrell. Did you hear any thing said by any body? - No.
To Mr. Myles. What did you hear said by any of them? - When Lake catched hold of Bull, he said, blast your eyes, or damn your eyes, stop; where are you going? Immediately I pushed at him, catched him round the arms and went into the ditch with him; he spoke to a man along side of him, and said, damn him fetch him back.
Did you see any weapons? - When in the ditch I saw this dagger, as I looked on it to be.
Have you any thing to say against Lee? - No; I cannot swear to him, I believe nobody can swear positively to Lee.



                  JOHN
                   BRIGHTWELL
               



             sworn.
I was the foremost, we were going from Bunhill-row on the 11th of March, about eight o'clock in the evening, I perceived three men behind me, I endeavoured to overtake them but could not, they walked very fast, about forty or fifty yards; when I came to Gray's farm, I found I was pretty near them, there was a path with two ditches, one on each side, when I got there I overtook one, two were on my left hand and one on my right, I saw the vacancy to go between, and I said, come along, to the rest of my friends, I had got a few yards a-head when the man came and seized hold of my collar, holding a cutlass up, and pointing it towards me; he said, blast your eyes you bloody bougre, where are you going? he had hold of me a few minutes, during which time I heard one of my friends say, damn me, I have done for one of them, for I have broke his cutlass; I thought he had an intent to let me go, by moving me from the spot where I was, I took hold of his hand and forced it from my collar, then he left me to go back to the other, I kept the path, and when I got up to the place where they had been engaging, I saw two men on the bank, who ran away.
Do you know who the man was that had hold of you? - I believe him to be the stoutest man there, Lee.
Had he any weapon? - He had a cutlass.
Cross-Examination.
What is your reason for believing him to him to be the man? - I have not the least knowledge of his face, I cannot say to his face, I think by his size, he appeared to have a brown coat on, buttoned up, I saw him on the Friday following at the Rotation-office, I think he wore the same dress with the man that attacked me, I do not know his voice.
Does that shake your opinion as to his being the man? - No, it does not, I still believe him to be the man, I thought he made use of another voice when he stopped me first, and a different one before the justice.
What are you? - I am a shagreen case maker, springer and liner in the watch branch, we were five of us going to the Red-Lion, Islington, we meant to make a party to oblige a friend, and we met at the Blue Anchor, Bunhill-row, I never knew either of these men before.
To Mr. Burrell. At what distance could you discern the face of the man that attacked you? - I was as close to him as any man that was engaging.
Was it not rather dark? - Rather dark, not very dark, there were some stars out, Harris wore a flapped hat, not a round hat.
Do you know that it is usual for sailors to carry cutlasses? - I do not know that he, was a sailor, I know he had a cutlass.
Prisoner Harris was called on his defence, and said, I have nothing at all to say.


                  Richard
                   Shearsmith
               



            , 
               
                  Alexander
                   Ferguson
               



            , and 
               
                  James
                   Hart
               



            , were sworn, and gave Harris a good character as an honest man, during their knowledge for ten or eleven years.
PRISONER LEE's DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say to this, any farther than I know nothing about the matter, I have got some people to my character.
What business have you been in? - I am in the cabinet business, my lord.


                  Moses
                   Edmonds
               



             and 
               
                  Edward
                   Millington
               



            , were sworn, and gave Lee a good character.
Mr. Newman was called by the prisoner Lee, who deposed, that Lee was a servant to Mr. Akerman, that he behaved very well during the time he was there.
Lee. I believe during that time my character stood very good, and has ever since.
LAKE, GUILTY.
HARRIS, GUILTY.
LEE, ACQUITTED.
There were two other indictments against them, brought by 
               
                  Thomas
                   Myles
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Brightwell
               



            , both of which standing on the same facts, the court said it was unnecessary to go into them, therefore the Jury would do as they thought proper on the former proofs.
LAKE, 

               GUILTY
            .
HARRIS, 

               GUILTY
            .
LEE, 

               ACQUITTED
            .
Lake and Harris to be 



               transported to the East-Indies
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury, before Baron EYRE.
