





7. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     SIMMS
                  



               
             (a Negro
) was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d day of December
, eight silver table spoons, value 20 s. nine silver tea spoons, value 5 s. four silver salts, value 2 s. one Bath great coat, value 2 s. one pair of boots, value 5 s. one pair of shoes, value 1 s. one cane, value lue 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Randall 
                     Grimes
                  




               
            , Esquire
.


                  JOHN
                   RANDALL GRIMES
               



             sworn.
On the 3d of December, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; they were in a cupboard, I do not know when I saw them before, this man was my servant
 he had the care of the things, and on the morning of the third, he came home having slept out all night, and in a very few minutes he went out; in about an hour or two hours after, which we thought a very odd circumstance, it was found he had carried his clothes with him, then I suspected his having taken those things he had in his charge; and on looking in the cupboard, I found they were not there; he did not return, I advertized him with a reward of five guineas, and in about a fortnight he was taken; a few of the things were recovered; before the Justice he acknowledged the stealing the things, I was present.
Was it reduced to writing? - It was not.
Was any thing said to induce him to confess? - Nothing at all, he confessed freely and honestly, and carried me to every place where he had sold the things, the shoes were found upon him and the cane; I recovered the boots, he carried me to the Jews where he had sold the plate, and we laid a very close siege to him, but never could catch him.


                  WILLIAM
                   VAUGHEN
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner in the Little Minories, I do not know the day, I found this cane upon him.
Court to Prosecutor. Do you know the cane? - I would not chuse to swear to the cane, I swear to the boots.


                  GEORGE
                   SAUNDERS
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Winne
               



            , in the Back Lane, in St. George's in the East, the prisoner bought these boots to sell, I cannot exactly tell the very time, it was about four days before he was taken up, I gave him half a guinea for them, he said he had them made for him and gave a guinea and a half for them.
(The boots deposed to by the Prosecutor)
Prisoner. I did not take the plate.
Have you any body to give you a character? - My master is the only one that knows me.
Court. How long had he lived with you? - I have known him for ten or twelve years, I knew him in America.
How had he behaved? - I do not think he was a good character, but I would not chuse to say any thing against him.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
