





33. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Arnold
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night, on the 1st day of November
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one cotton gown, value 10 s. one petticoat, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Wright
                        



.
ELIZABETH WRIGHT sworn.
I gave a cotton gown and petticoat to Mrs. Clarke to wash.


                  ELIZABETH
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I take in washing, I had a gown and petticoat from Mrs. Wright to wash on the 24th of October; I live at No. 101, Fetter-lane


, the house of 
               
                  Ann
                   Arnold
               



            ; I sent the gown and petticoat to be mangled, to Mrs. King, No. 6, Magpye-alley, and when it was brought to my apartment I was out at work, and I never saw it after till I saw it at the Rotation Office.


                  ANN
                   ARNOLD
               



             sworn.
A bundle was brought from the manglers by Mrs. Clarke's daughter, into my shop, the 1st of November; I told her when she came into the shop, to carry it into a little room adjoining my shop, which she did, and she put it on the drawers underneath the window, and when I came to look for it in the space of ten minutes, the window was up, and the gown and petticoat gone.
Had the window been shut before? - Yes, I am sure of that, quite close down, but not fastened.
Where did the window look into? - Into the Raven passage, it was the ground floor.
When had you seen the window before? - About a quarter of an hour before, I am sure it was then shut, it is a lifting up sash.
Did you see Mrs. Clarke's daughter put the gown there? - I was very busy, I did not see where she put it.


                  ELIZABETH
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I gave this child a gown and coat to take home, a striped cotton one.


                  JOHN
                   GIBBONS
               



             sworn.
On the 1st of November, between eight and nine at night, I was standing at the end of the passage, and I saw the prisoner and another stand opposite to Mrs. Arnold's shop for the space of ten minutes, then they went through the Raven passage, and the prisoner went in at the other side there, and looked at me.


                  GEORGE
                   MEECHAM
               



             sworn.
On the 1st of November, about nine, I was going down Holborn with one 
               
                  John
                   Webster
               



            , and just beyond Southampton buildings I met the prisoner with one 
               
                  William
                   Kendrick
               



            , and one of them said, there goes Meecham, I turned round, knowing them, and they both ran away, and I observed the prisoner with a bundle under his arm in this old handkerchief, I pursued him beyond the grotto, and I saw him throw the bundle over into an area of one Mr. Knight's; I left Webster there, and pursued after him about ten yards, and he fell down, and I took him, I knew him before; Kendrick ran across Holborn; then I brought him to the door of Mr. Knight's, and I knocked at the door, and the bundle was given to me by a woman out of the area, the same bundle that I saw him throw over; I immediately took him to the Justice, and he said he found the gown and petticoat the bottom of Holborn Hill: the property was advertised from the office, and was claimed by Mrs. Wright.
Prisoner. Ask Mr. Meecham if he had not a warrant against me for an assault at that time? - Yes, I had.


                  JOHN
                   WEBSTER
               



             sworn.
I was in company with Meecham between eight and nine, and I met the prisoner and another, I saw him have a bundle under his arm, I saw him throw it down an area, I saw it handed up, that was from the same area.
Meecham. Mrs. Wright described the property as soon as ever she saw it at the Justices.
(Deposed to by Mrs. Wright.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found the bundle in a court, I stopped to buy a halfpenny worth of apples, and I saw Meecham, and I knew he had a warrant against me, and I ran away; the man he says was Kendrick, was a man that lodges with me; seeing Meecham follow me, I carelessly threw the bundle away; I have been fifteen years at sea, nine years in the West Indies, and all my friends are dead.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
