





575. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        HENRY 
                        NEEDHAM
                     







             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th day of July
, two pair of silk stockings, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Archer
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   ARCHER
               



             sworn.
I live in Sackville-street


; I had been out upon business, and coming home I found the prisoner in my shop with my young man, 
               
                  John
                   Idle
               



            , and my child of seven years old; she said, Mr. Howman sent her to get a pair of stockings for herself; she gave a very long account of Lady 
               
                  Charlotte
                   Finch
               



            's family, in which Mr. Howman did live, before he was page to the Prince of Wales; she said, her father was coachman there; and the reason she gave why she was to have the stockings was, that she had found a ring some time ago, which her father had put into the hands of Mr. Howman, with intention to have it raffled for, but he had never had it done, and her father was dead, and she applied to Mr. Howman, in consequence of this ring, and he had desired her to get a pair of buckles, and a pair of stockings; she said, she was servant to a perfumer in Bond-street, the corner of Bruton-street; there was no perfumer there I told her; then she said the corner of Grafton-street; I said there was no perfumer there; she requested me to send somebody with her; I told my young man to down with her to Mr. Howman; and immediately after she went out of the shop, I had occasion to send for her back; then I desired her to go into the parlour, behind the shop; I told her, I believed she had something about her that did not belong to her; she said, she had not; I said, I am very sure you have, I desired her to go into the parlour behind the shop; she said, she had nothing but a few ivory combs; and she turned herself round, endeavouring as I supposed to get out of my way; and I saw her drop one pair of silk stockings, which I took up.
What may be the value of that one pair? - Fifteen shillings; I took them up, and said, these are not all you have, she said, she had nothing more; but I saw her drop a second pair; I immediately sent for a constable.
What is the value of the two pair? - Thirty shillings; I gave that for them; I am very clear they are mine.
In the first place, is there any shop mark upon them? - Not at that time there was not, I had sold two pair of the same pattern, they were both of the same sort, but a different pattern; she was very troublesome in the parlour, and called out murder very often; Mr. Allanson came into the shop after me.
Prisoner. Mr. Allanson swore, he saw the stockings drop, and the prosecutor swore, he did not.


                  JOHN
                   IDLE
               



             sworn.
I am aprentice to the prosecutor; on Saturday the 8th of July, the prisoner came into Mr. Archer's shop, and asked for a pair of black worsted stockings, at two shillings a pair; I immediately went to get her some, and while she was looking at them, she told me she should not pay for them, that we was to put them down to Mr. Howman's account; I told her, I did not know him nor her, and she should not have them without the money; she told me, I need not doubt her word, for her father was Lady 
               
                  Charlotte
                   Finch
               



            's coachman; I told her if it was in my power, I would let her have them, but could not without she brought a note; but if she would wait a minute, I expected my master in; she said, she was very willing to do that, and in a few minutes he came in, and I told him this woman had come from Mr. Howman for a pair of black worsted stockings, and he spoke to her.
Where were the stockings laying that were missing? - I was folding them up, and immediately as she came in I put them down on one side; before my master came in she stood against the counter, and when he came in she stood in the middle of the shop talking to him; she told him the same story; and I went with her half way down the street to speak to Mr. Howman; (in a few minutes after my master came in, Mr. Allanson came in then) Mr. Archer called her back, and took her into the parlour, and asked if she had not got more than belonged to her, she said, she had not, he said, come, come, no such work as that, you have; I was in the shop when she slid the first pair out; Mr. Archer said, what a careless young man you are; I did not see her drop the first pair, but I was present when the last pair was dropped; Mr. Archer immediately sent me for a constable.
Do you know whether these are your master's property? - Yes, I had them in my hands at the time she came into the shop; I found them missing; I hung them every day in the window; I looked immediately after Mr. Archer was gone to Litchfield-street; I can safely swear that these were my master's stockings.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My father lived coachman to Lady 
               
                  Charlotte
                   Finch
               



            , and Mr. Howman lived footman; and I found a ring some time ago, and my father put it into Mr. Howman's hands on his death bed; and he promised to let me have a pair of silver buckles and a pair of black worsted stockings; and I went to the prosecutor, and I never had any.
Court to Idle. Did not you observe at all at what time the woman took these stockings? - No.
Had not you any suspicion at all? - No.
Prisoner. There was a little boy in the shop about four years old; and Mr. Archer said before the Justice, that that little child should say, that I took them; and this other gentleman swore that he saw me drop them.
Court to Idle. Was there a little boy in the shop? - Yes, about seven years old.
Was that boy in the shop when the prisoner came in? - Yes.
Did he continue in the shop when your master came in? - Yes.
Is that boy here? - No.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
