






921. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WINTERSGILL
                  



               
             the younger, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d day of September, one steel bit, value 10 s. one steel snuffle bit and rein, value 2 s. one pair of plated spurs, value 3 s. one pair of spur leathers, value 2 s. two leather dog collars plated with silver, value 2 s. one leather nose-band plated with silver, value 3 s. five saddle girts, value 4 s. one piece of hog-skin, value 5 s. three leather straps, value 6 d. one piece of Morocco leather, value 6 d. and twenty-six girth buckles, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Gibson
                  



               
            : And 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WINTERSGILL
                  



               
             the elder, was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JOHN
                   GIBSON
               



             sworn.
My father is a sadler
 in Coventry-street, Hay-market



; I conduct his business, we were very frequently missing things in the shop, and could not conceive how they went, one day I was going up Swallow-street, and I saw some things which I imagined to be my father's, I saw a dog collar, the woman asked me three shillings for it, I gave her three shillings and sixpence for it, this was the shop of the elder prisoner, I looked round the shop and came away, and informed the foreman of it, and shewed it to him; the dog collar had my father's price mark on it, in consequence of which I went to the public office in Bow-street, and obtained a search warrant for the elder prisoner's house, I went there and searched, and found one pair of plated spurs, and two pair of spur leathers.
Court. What marks had you on these by which you know them? - The dog collar has my father's mark on, and the spurs had each a little bit of the plate off, I have seen them very frequently; the spur leathers I cannot speak to, this is a black regimental stock, we were cleaning the shop, and I was rather in a hurry, I did not take time, and pulled down the stock and tore it, I marked it at the time, and broke a pain of glass also; I am sure it is our stock, here is a pair of girths, which I know from the paleness of the yellow, we have our girths paler than any body else in town, there is no other mark that I can swear to them by but that, but there is also the name of the maker which is Birch, who makes for us, here is a bit I cannot speak to, we work for all the regiments in England and abroad, nobody else cuts that kind of leather; this is a nose-plate of a Lady's bridle, I found it upon the neck of a girl who is daughter to the prisoner, that which belonged to it was secreted in a drawer; here is a piece of red Morocco I can swear to, there is an A and C on it, here is a bridle, part of it is mine and part is not, here are two girths which I know it by, I found these several things part in the window exposed to sale, and part in Mrs. Wintersgill's drawers, the drawers were not locked up, in consequence of finding these things the two prisoners were apprehended.
Court. What was the younger prisoner? - He was servant to my father about a twelvemonth.
In what employ? - A journeyman sadler.
Did you know his father carried on this sort of business? - I know he kept a shop.
Mr. Peatt, Prisoner's Council. Your father is a very large sadler? - Yes.
You must have a very large quantity of goods in your house? - Not so much but we can swear to them.
There is a distinction between sadlers and bridle cutters, is not there? - Yes.
Do you manufacture the whole of these things? - We have people out of doors that do it, we have some from the country, and some from town.

Which are the articles that are manufactured in the country? - The spurs, and the snaffle bits.
Those persons that manufacture for you in the country, work for a great many other people? - They may for what I know, I dare say they do.
You have already said, that you can recollect every article in your shop, notwithstanding you manufacture for the whole army, these are plated spurs? - Yes.
It is very usual to have a bit off the plateing? - They are very remarkable.
Did you never see spurs defective before? - I never kept them in my shop.
Who puts on the shop marks upon the things you speak of? - My father to some, and I to others, all the things have not marks.
Did not you mark all your dog collars? - No, that is my father's writing.
You swear that? - Yes.
I first of all apprise you, Mr. Gibson, I have not the smallest notion that you will say what is wrong, but I think it is very probable you may mistake, can you say that is your father's writing? - I can, Sir.
You pulled this stock from a nail it seems? - Yes.
I think no man who has had those kind of stocks in their hands, but must know they have been jagged; now your memory is so very tenacious, that you can take upon you to say, that you remember those marks when you bought that skin of leather? - I do.
What is the mark on this? - It is a very particular plate that we use to ladies nose-bits, and our workmen know them.
You think it is impossible you should mistake? - No, that I have not said; I am sure to some things, some I am not sure of; I am very sure my father's hand writing cannot be upon other people's goods.
Now about this pale yellow, that is more singular than any thing else, do the men in the country work for your father only? - No.
You are sure he manufactures no others, that vary a single shade from these? - Not pale, if you can find me the fellow of it in London, I shall be willing to forfeit any thing.
Mr. Garrow, Council for Prosecutor. I believe from the several circumstances you have mentioned, you have a reasonable belief these are your goods, and stolen from your shop? - Yes.


                  THOMAS
                   PEATT
               



             sworn.
I am foreman to Mr. Gibson, this is a nose-plate for a Lady's bridle, and some of it is my own putting on, it hung in a particular glass case close by were I worked; I have had it in my hands several times, and this plate I have had in my hands several times, and I put it on with my own hands, I swear to its being Mr. Gibson's property, I know that stock.
Do you remember that rent in the stock? - Yes, I remember its being pulled down, as to the girths I know them by their particular yellow, we had a piece of plush we wished to correspond with the girths, and we sent down a piece in a letter in order to get it dyed on purpose, I believe this to be my master's property, and just the same as to the regimental leather, the mark in the dog collar is master's own hand writing.
Mr. Garrow. Go round to the Jury, and shew that Morocco leather which you swear to? - I cannot speak to the Morocco leather.
Mr. Peatt. How long ago is it you sent down that piece of plush? - Perhaps four months, or less, I cannot say.
Can you swear positively that this is like the plush that you sent down? - To the best of my belief, I am pretty sure it is my master's, the leather of the reins is a stronger kind of leather than is used for reins in general.
Court to Prosecutor. Have you missed any articles before? - Yes, some tips and buckles, here is one of the buttons.


                  JOHN
                   FURNEAUX
               



             sworn.
I went with the search warrant to the house of Wintersgill, here is twenty-seven buckles I found in a chest of drawers when I took that gentleman up with a body warrant, I found this single buckle in his breeches pocket, it's here by itself.
Mr. Gibson. We had missed a quantity of this maker's name.
- SHARRARD sworn.
Here is a dog collar, taken out of Mrs. Wintersgill's hand, I went into the shop.


                  WILLIAM
                   SINCLAIR
               



             sworn.
Mr. Garrow. You was servant to Mr. Gibson? - Yes.


                  Young
                   Wintersgill
               



             was likewise servant? - Yes.
Tell what you know of this matter? - One night I was going to the George and Blue-boar, Holborn, to go to Hastings, and I met the prisoner, young Wintersgill and another, in Coventry-street, they asked me where I was going, and I told them, young Wintersgill went with me, he said, he wished I would get them a bit.
How get it? - Why to steal it.
To steal it, from whom? - From my master, and I did so, and young Wintersgill asked me to get him three remnants of ribbon, some of it was scarlet.
Do you know of his taking any thing of himself? - Yes, he took two whole heads and reins, and a plated snaffle, I saw him take them.
What occasion had he to employ you? - Because I lived in the house, and he did not, and he could not get the bit in the day time, the men would see him; he was cleaning the garret out, and he cut off the snaffle reins at one time, and the other at another, he said, he would carry them home to his father.
Had you any part of the profit of any of these things? - One time he gave me sixpence, and at other time a penny, he told me I should never want for money, or any thing else; there were some tips I took for him.
Are there any of the things that you have seen here, that he took himself? - Yes, the heads and reins, these he took himself, I am sure of it.
Mr. Peatt. Well my honest little gentleman, do not you know yourself by that name, look this way, how do you know those things, by the marks? - Yes.
Do you know them by their colour? - I suppose he had no other of his own, these are the six tips I gave him.
How do you know that? - Because I gave them to him.
Court. In respect to the things that this boy stole and gave to the prisoner, it clearly cannot support this indictment, because this boy is the thief, and young Wintersgill is the receiver.
PRISONER WINTERSGILL, the younger's, DEFENCE.
There was young 
               
                  John
                   Slater
               



             who used to work piece work for my master, he worked in my father's shop, there are several articles which this same person will take his oath he left in my father's shop, he promised to be here.
Why did not you subpoena him.
Prisoner. One night as I was going home, two or three nights before I had these things, this boy came and asked me to buy them, an acquaintance of his had some to sell; two or three nights after, he came and brought them to me, and desired me to sell them, I took them and put them in my box and drawers, unknown to my father; the boy teazed me for the money, and I gave him sixpence, my father was out of town, in the mean time I hung these things up in the window for sale, I did not know they were stolen, I left word what the price was, as to this regimental rein, which my young master says is his own, he has some doubt about it, for it was at one Mr. Hiton's, a bridle cutter, I asked him if he ever had any old second hand heads and reins, he said he had, I gave him half a crown for them, my father knows nothing of these things.
(The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.)
Court to Jury. In high treason and petty arcency there can be no accessary, the crime of receiving stolen goods, is in the nature of an accessary after the fact; if the charge of either of the prisoners is true, the crime of the receiver is certainly greater than the thief, it is particularly so in this case, where the father is the receiver, and the thief is the son: if you confine your verdict merely to the two articles which Sinclair saw the boy take, they are both of the value of twelve-pence.


                  JOHN
                   WINTERSGILL
               



            , Jun. 


               GUILTY, 10 d.
            



                  JOHN
                   WINTERSGILL
               



            , Sen. 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.





[Transportation. See summary.]


