





132. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MANNING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of December
 last, seventy yards of brown linen, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Starey
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   THRECKELD
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Starey, linen-draper
, in Oxford-street


. On Monday, the 22d of December, about two in the afternoon - there were two pieces of linen put out in the morning - a gentleman, about two, came and enquired if there were not two pieces put at the door; he was answered, yes: he said he would shew which way the person that took them went. There was then a piece missing; they were joining to the window, on the ground. We pursued and took the prisoner, running into Wardour-street out of Noel-street, with the linen on his shoulder: it was Mr. Starey's linen; it was the piece that was missed; we took it from him, and secured him.


                  JONATHAN
                   FISK
               



             sworn.
On the 22d of December last, I was coming from the city towards Portman-square, in the neighbourhood of which I live. I saw the prisoner take this piece of linen, and lay it on his shoulder; I saw him turn into Noel-street, and I informed the people of the shop; and we went after him, and took him with the piece on his shoulder.
Prisoner. It was distress and necessity, by the severity of the weather, and being so very bad. I have been a gentleman's servant, and a waiter
, and was in St. George's Hospital; then I took up selling gingerbread nuts, and the landlord threatened to turn me out.
Court. If you have hitherto borne the character of an honest man, you can satisfy me of that, by calling witnesses to your character.
Prisoner. My Lord, I do not know any creditable person; I have said about up and down St. Giles's, which is no place of any credit. I have lost my character for some time; I would not make myself more than I am. I hope you will have a little compassion.
Court. You must shew that you are in some sort worthy of it.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before the LORD CHIEF BARON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


