





613. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     GRACE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of June
 last, one velveret waistcoat, value 12 d. a wooden three feet rule, value 2 s. one sliding pencil, value 12 d. and three shillings in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Parsons
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JOHN
                   PARSONS
               



             sworn.
The prisoner accompanied me as far as Kensington from London, on the 24th of June, I was going to Hammersmith, we stopped at the Dun-cow, it was in the evening, to the best of my knowledge I think it was between nine and ten; the prisoner was no acquaintance of mine, I met with him by a young man coming to seek after his father, and I went with the young man, and the prisoner went with us as far as the Dun-cow; I happened to go to sleep at the door, and when I awaked I found the prisoner gone, and my pockets picked of every thing I had about me; I was not sober when I went to sleep, I had a three feet rule, and five shillings in silver, and a pocket handkerchief, and several other little matters; I had a waistcoat in my pocket, I awaked about two in the morning, I was sitting on the outside of the door, I do not know what time he went away, I immediately went down to the house where I met with him, and the landlord persuaded me to stay, it was a little after eight, the prisoner came in, I took him up upon suspicion, there was an old pocket handkerchief and a sliding pencil, and some direction cards.
Did you know the pencil to be yours? I had it the day before, and it was broke when it was found upon him, I did not know it by any particular mark, I thought it might be mine, the handkerchief was mine, I knew it by its being so very dirty, and two direction cards in my own hand writing, they had been in the coat pocket where the waistcoat was.
What did the prisoner say? - He said he found the things in the necessary-house.


                  JOHN
                   EDMUNDSON
               



             sworn.
(Produces the things.)
Prosecutor. I am clear of the cards, and I believe the handkerchief and the pencil to be mine.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The prosecutor came to this house, where they took me with a light-horseman, they had a pint of beer together, and they asked me to drink with them, and I did drink, the young fellow and me went away, and left the prosecutor, they persuaded me to go with them, and going across the park, he was determined to in-list for a light-horseman; we had some liquor, and stood and drank it, I came out of the house before Parsons did believe I fell asleep; I was rather in liquor; I got up about two, and went away, I found the things in the necessary; as for the waistcoat and the rule I never saw, but the handkerchief and the pencil, and the two cards I picked up in the necessary.
Court to Prosecutor. Was you in the necessary that night? - I do not know where the necessary is, I can positively say I never made use of one, since the morning.
Prisoner. If I had committed a robbery upon him, I should have been a great fool to have kept those things in my pocket, and to come back to the house.




               GUILTY, 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
