





446. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DELFER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of May
 last, a man's cloth coat, value 30 s. a sattin waistcoat, value 20 s. a pair of sattin breeches, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Patrick 
                           Reynolds
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Timothy
                         Connally
                     



.
ISABELLA REYNOLDS sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Patrick
                   Reynolds
               



            ; on the 4th of May last, my husband lost some wearing apparel; a green coat, black sattin waistcoat and breeches; they were in the drawer in my room, in Mr. Connally's house; we lodged there, I cannot say the value of them, I believe the value to be five pounds ten shillings; the prisoner came into our room on Monday morning about ten o'clock to see my husband; he dined with us, he was there all the afternoon; my husband went to his work about two o'clock; a little after two he ask me to lend him a halfpenny to get some smallbeer with, and he sent me for it; when I was gone for the beer, he took the clothes; when I returned, I set down the small beer on the stairs, and went down stairs, and went into the yard to see if the water was on, and he was going along the passage; as I came along the yard, I heard somebody go along the passage; I went to the passage door to see who it was; the prisoner was going along the street towards the first turning with the clothes under his left arm; and I had not the presence of mind to call stop thief; I went up stairs and the clothes were gone; I was at home all the time, till I went out for the small beer; one young man came to our house that morning; that young man was not in the room above ten minutes, nobody else had been there but the prisoner besides him; I never got the clothes again.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. Are you sure that this is all that you know about it? - Yes.
Now in the first place; what is this young lad? - A coach carver.
Your husband is in the same business? - Yes.
In whose employ is this young man? - One Mr. Harris, in Shoreditch; he was his apprentice, my husband had known him some time; my husband works at Mr. Savage's in Queen-street; he never worked for my husband; he was not in my husband's employ.
Do you mean to swear that positively, or only to say that you do not know he was not in your husband's employ? - He was not, positively he was not.
How came Mr. Harris, his master, to call upon your husband to threaten him for detaining his apprentice? - He never called at our house.
And told him that if that young lad did not quit his employment, he would bring an action against him? - He never was in our house in his life, nor I never heard of such a thing.
How long was he in your house this day? - Most part of the day; from ten o'clock in the morning, till four o'clock in the afternoon; it was his own fault; you know; my husband asked him if he was going to work; he went out with my husband that day.
Do you know the christian name of the person you rent the room of? - 
               
                  Timothy
                   Connally
               



            ; the young lad never was at our house before, and I never saw him at our house; I said my husband knew him, but not me; I never saw him before.
Did not you know from your husband that he had frequently trusted him, and that he had frequently done jobs for your husband? - No, he never assisted my husband, he never was past our house before; that I know positively.
How long was it before you went to your drawers? - Immediately as I went up stairs; the drawers were open, and a gown and petticoat of mine that were in the same drawer were left, and the clothes were gone; my husband and me knew where his master lived; he was taken up Tuesday night.
There was no search after the young man? - Yes.
Will you swear positively, that before the Tuesday, you or anybody on your account went to his master's house? - My husband went on the Monday about five o'clock; I knew of no quarrel between Mr. Harris and my husband about his being detained from his service, and Mr. Harris has made no complaints that he was detained; Mr. Harris said if we did not punish his apprentice he would punish us; he has been taken up two or three times for a run-away apprentice; he said if we did not punish the boy, he would punish us for not punishing him.


                  PATRICK
                   REYNOLDS
               



             sworn.
I lost a coat, waistcoat and breeches; I was not at home when they were lost, it was on the 4th of May I heard of it; my wife came up in great confusion, and told me what happened, in consequence of her information, I went to Justice Wilmot's and took out a warrant against the prisoner, and gave it to one Shakeshaft; onMonday evening I informed him where the prisoner lived, and on Tuesday the prisoner was taken; the value of the clothes is three pounds ten shillings.
Mr. Knowlys. How long have you known this lad? - About four or five years; he was at this time working as a coach carver; I believe he was very near out of his time; I look upon it, he was capable of making a good living, I fancy he was a good workman; I have worked for about eight months in the same shop that his master kept; I never employed him, the day this happened, was the day he ever was in my room.
You have had some little squables with Mr. Harris? - No Sir, never in my life; Mr. Harris objected to this boy being out of work.
Did he accuse you with that? - He could not.
Did he? - Never, till this late affair happened.
Why, has he not threatened to bring an action against you, for harbouring his apprentice? - Not that I know of; his wife told me he would punish me for not turning his boy away when he called to see me; he never was in my room in his life, till that very day she complained to me for that particular time; he was examined twice at the office.


                  Francis
                   Harris
               



            , the prisoner's master, deposed, that he had threatened to prosecute Reynolds, if his apprentice was kept out of the way; as he took him to be the cause of the boy's eloping, and gave the prisoner a good character.
The prisoner called five other witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
