





717. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     STERNE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 4th day of June
 last, in the parish of St. Martin in the fields


, in a certain court and open place near the king's highway, in and upon the Right Honourable 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Somerset
                        




                     
                  , Duke of Beaufort
, did make an assault, and put him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously did take from his person and against his will, one badge called a George, made of gold and silver, and a certain precious stone called an onyx, and divers diamonds, set in and upon the said badge, value 500 l.
             the property of the said Henry Somerset Duke of Beaufort.
A second count, changing the said Henry Sterne, with feloniously stealing, on the 4th day of June last, the said badge, theproperty of the said Duke of Beaufort, privily from his person.
The Indictment opened by Mr. Garrow - and the case by Mr. Fielding, as follows:
May it please your Lordship, and you Gentlemen of the Jury, the crime which you have now to enquire, as it is imputed to the prisoner at the bar, you have collected from the indictment, which has been stated to you by my learned friend, and it will call upon you for two distinct considerations; first, whether the transaction will amount to the crime of a highway-robbery; or, if not to that, whether to the offence of privately stealing from the person of the Duke of Beaufort? Gentlemen, the heads of the evidence, which I shall presently lay before you, will be comprised in a very short compass, for, as the transaction was of a very short duration, and the detection of the criminal almost instantaneous, these facts will be necessarily short that will constitute your enquiry; Before I state them, I cannot help suggesting to you the public importance of this prosecution, prosecuted as it is by a personage of the most exalted rank, against an offender of a very marked description: Probable it is, that this instance of the effective administration of justice may be universally known, and if, on the result, you are convinced of the guilt of the prisoner, as probable it is that awful solemnities will attend that example to which he must be doomed. Gentlemen, truly lamentable indeed it is, to reflect on the miserable situation of this metropolis, infested as it is now and has been by such swarms of offenders; banditties assembling together, no place, however sacred, secure from their encroachments; the church itself infested; the palace of the Sovereign, every avenue of this metropolis, wherever you can pass, none of those places are secure from these depredations, which are carried on with such a front of audacity, where they assemble together in such numbers, that even at day you are not secure, and at night, if you happen to be returning home, you are alarmed and afraid of some attack on your person: I do not mention these circumstances to touch your feelings, I have have had the honour of seeing some of you before, I know the manner in which you have discharged this duty. Gentlemen, if the laws themselves are defective for the security of our persons, we can only lament it; but if, in the execution of those laws by the inferior magistrates, there is either a want of vigilance or activity, we have a great right to complain; and I am but too much afraid we have that right; for if there was a proper activity to prevent, I am sure that measures would be effectually adopted for our preservation. Our theatres particularly, that form the nurseries of these creatures, might surely be guarded and watched in a very different manner; and I am afraid the unhappy wretch now at your bar owes his present miserable situation to the want of that vigilance. Gentlemen, I shall now proceed to state to you that evidence which is the foundation of the present prosecution -
Prisoner. My Lord, I humbly request you will order this servant out of court.
Court. Certainly.
Mr. Fielding. Gentlemen, on the 4th of June last, which you know was the birth-day of his Majesty, his 
               
                  Grace
               


             the Duke of Beaufort had been at court at St. James's; as he was coming from court, when he came down into the first larger court, not finding his servants ready, his Grace made his way into a lesser court, which they call the Kitchen-garden-Court, there, looking for his servants, he stood in a situation, where, as a carriage was drawing up, his Grace found himself suddenly pushed about in a very extraordinary manner, and the prisoner at the bar and another person immediately near him, and who were the people who pressed upon him; the Duke turned to them and asked them what they meant, and, though they must have seen his Grace, with his ribbon about his shoulders, and must have known his rank, they gave him a very extraordinary answer, including a question,
"Whydon't you see the carriage coming?" the Duke turning about, the men left him, his Grace happening to put his hand to his side, where the George was suspended at the end of the ribbon, he found it was gone; he immediately called to one of the marshal-men that he had lost his George, one of his Grace's servants immediately arrived, and hearing what was said, he saw two men going off, he immediately pursued them, and took them both by the collar, (one man was in black, the other was the present prisoner at the bar,) he told them what he suspected, the prisoner at the bar seemed to put on a front of indifference and boldness; the servant suspecting him more than the other, says he, you have got it in your pocket; and instantly rushing his hand into his pocket, he brought from the prisoner the very George that was taken from the Duke; so that you see as to the outline of the transaction, as to the theft by the prisoner, there can be no doubt.
Gentlemen, it is necessary, in order to constitute the offence of a robbery, that the person from whom the property is taken should be previously put in fear; what that degree of fear may be, will come better from my Lord than me; as to the other offence, that of privately stealing, the law in its administration has been at all times, and especially in the construction that has been put on that statute (the offence of privately stealing being a capital offence, whereas the stealing unaccompanied with that circumstance is within the benefit of Clergy) the Courts have always been attentive to the merciful circumstances, and extended their constructions favourably, extremely far indeed; but I conceive in the present case, that there will be no doubt at all as to that degree of charge being brought home to the prisoner; the Duke himself was not apprised of this till the property was gone, therefore it was taken from his person clearly and demonstratively without his knowing any thing of the matter, therefore privately. In many of the offences that have been brought forward here, and where there has been agitations of law, I conceive the Court never went further than this, that where the person himself may not have known of the thing, yet some person connected with him does, as for instance, if goods are stolen out of a shop, though the master may not see the goods taken away, yet if another person has seen it, that will differ extremely from the present case, and I conceive without any farther observation, that no advantage can be derived to the prisoner from that consideration; I shall therefore proceed to call his Grace to tell you the story.
His 
               
                  Grace
               


             the DUKE of BEAUFORT sworn.
Mr. Garrow. Will your Grace be so good to tell this story, what passed? -
As I was coming from Court, on the 4th of June, my servant informed me that my carriage was in the inner court, I went towards the inner court, under the gate-way; there, a carriage coming by, I found myself surrounded by several people; after the carriage was gone, I, putting my hand to my side to feel for my George, I found it gone; the George was suspended by the ribbon; I immediately said aloud,
"I have lost my George!" and the next I saw of it was in my servant's hand, which was in about a minute; my servant then had hold of a person, but I cannot swear it was the prisoner, he had hold of a man.
Had your Grace seen the prisoner at all before your servant produced the George? - No, I had not.
You had no recollection of his person? - None at all.
Did you Grace perceive the George, taken from your person? - I did not.
You did not know that you had lost it, till you put your hand down to your side? - No, I did not.
Was there any person about you, very near to you immediately, before you missed it? - Several persons were very near to me; I have had the possession of the George since; I have it now, (Produced.)
Court. Is this the George your Grace had to your ribbon that day? - It is.

Your Grace is able to say that positively? - Positively.
Is your Grace sure you had it when you came out of the palace? - I am sure I had it when I was in the gate-way.
Mr. Silvester, Prisoner's Counsel. Your Grace was not at all alarmed, I take it for granted? - No otherwise alarmed than by being pressed.
There was a great croud there? - Several people.
I believe there is always a great croud there on a birth-day to see the people? - Certainly.
Your Grace did not observe the person of the prisoner? - I had not.
Had you observed the persons of those that were close to you? - There were two men in black that were taller than me, close to me.
Was the prisoner in black? - I do not know, he was in blue at the justice's.
Your Grace's idea was that the person in black had committed the robbery? - I said two persons in black stood by me.
Did your Grace call out to stop those persons in black? - No.
Court. The prisoner was not one of them two? - No.
Prisoner. I beg to refer to the copy of the examination, for his Grace said there, that one of the men in black had his George.
Court. Did your Grace on the first examination charge on suspicion either of these men in black? - I did not.


                  THOMAS
                   WILLS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the Duke of Beaufort, I attended his Grace at court.
When you first saw the Duke, what was the matter that first engaged your attention? - I heard his Grace say he had lost his George.
What happened immediately upon that? - His Grace said it is one of these men; there's a man in black, pointing to the two men in black.
Were the two men in black? - No, one in blue and one in black; when they came up to his Grace, I heard his Grace say he had lost his George, pointing to the two men, one of these men was a man in black; his Grace said there is a man in black; but he said before, one of these two; I ran after the men immediately, they were running away into the Secretary of State's yard, into the first passage on the right hand, I ran after them, I saw the men run into the yard, I saw them turn into a narrow passage, I saw them in the passage, and ran up to them.
Were there any other persons accompanying them, or only them two? - Only them two; I then put my hand towards the man in black's pockets, and felt nothing, I immediately put my hand to the prisoner's pocket, and he shied, clapping his hand to his pocket and shied, I immediately took him by the collar with my right hand, and put my left hand into his right-hand coat pocket, and pulled out the George; 
               
                  William
                   Shipman
               



            , the marshalman was there; I kept fast hold of it, I brought the prisoner, and delivered the George to the Duke with my left hand, and had hold of the prisoner with my right.
You have no doubt of course of the identity of the prisoner? - He is the same man, I never quitted him from the time I took the George out of his pocket till he was put into the black hole.
As soon as you heard the Duke say he had lost his George, your eye was very shortly turned to these men? - Directly, they were running away.
Mr. Silvester. The first thing you saw or heard was his Grace saying he had lost his George, and pointing to the two men, saying, there is a man in black? - The prisoner was in blue.
What became of the other man? - As soon as I took the George out of the prisoner's pocket, he made off.
The fact, is that the man in black made his escape and ran away? - He ran away immediately.
Court. You observed nothing before you heard his Grace say he had lost his George? - I did not.
You did not see it taken? - No.



                  WILLIAM
                   SHIPMAN
               



             sworn.
I am one of the marshal-men who was attending at the palace, on the king's birth-day; I saw the prisoner apprehendded, I saw his Grace standing waiting for his carriage to go home, I kept the further gate in Cleveland-row, and I saw people rather I thought surrounding his Grace, and I walked down for fear any thing should happen, I thought, as they knew me it might rather deter them from going down; the moment I went down his Grace said that he had lost his George, I told his 
               
                  Grace
               


             I was afraid there were suspicious people about, and I came on purpose, and I asked if he could describe any of them; says he, there is a man in black just gone that way; the footman came up that moment, and he heard him mention the man in black, and he pursued; I saw a man in black, and another in blue, that was Mr. Sterne, the men were both running, we ran as hard as we could, the servant came up and took the George out of Mr. Sterne's pocket.
Mr. Garrow. Had you observed Mr. Sterne before the Duke came out of the palace? - I had not. I never knew the man before he was secured and taken to the black hole, I took him myself, I never quitted him.
Did you see the George taken from the Duke? - No, I did not see the George till it was taken from the prisoner.
Court. Which of the courts was it in? - I think they call it the stable-yard.
Is that in St. Martin's parish? - Yes.
Mr. Silvester. You was up rather before the servant? - Nearly together.
Tell us exactly what it was his Grace said to you? - He said he had lost his George, and I said I was afraid there were some suspicious people, and asked him to describe any one, I would search them.
What did his Grace then say to you? - He said there is one in black just gone that way, and directly we ran.
Therefore after you had desired his Grace to describe the person, he said there was a man in black gone that way? - He said he had observed a man in black near him.
Were there any more people in black at that time near you? - No Sir, I did not see any thing more particular, but seeing these men run, we did not follow any body else, Thomas ran up and felt the pocket of the man in black, then says he, it is here, one of them has it, and he took the George out of the pocket of Mr. Sterne.
Court to the Duke. Was the ribbon cut? - It was not; it was taken off by untwisting the diamond knot. (Shewn to the Jury.)
Court to the Prisoner. Do you wish to make any address to the Jury by way of defence?
Prisoner. I only submit it to their consideration.
Mr. Silvester. Did not your Grace's sword-hilt get intangled in a coach-wheel at the time? - No, not the hilt, the end of the sword was intangled in the wheel.
Mr. Silvester to Shipman. This George was taken from the outside coat pocket, was not it? - Yes.
Not from the waistcoat? - No.
Prisoner. My Lord and Gentlemen, I hope the great rank of the prosecutor, and the illiberal manner in which I have been treated by the papers, will only tend to operate in the minds of the Court in my favour.
Court. Undoubtedly, the Jury will divest their minds of every prejudice as they ought to do; I see a Jury from whom you have nothing to apprehend, Sir.
Court to Jury. Gentleman, the prisoner is indicted on two separate and distinct charges, included in one indictment; there are two counts in the indictment, and there are two charges, not only separate and distinct, but extremely different, I may say opposite, in their nature; for the circumstances that support either the one or the other of these charges, expressly exclude the possibility of the other; the first is the offence, commonly known by the name of a highway robbery, which is a taking from the person either by actual force and violence applied to the personwho is robbed, or by putting him in such fear as induces him to part with his property; that is the general idea and description of a highway robbery, and that is the offence charged in the first count of the indictment: The second count charges an offence, which appears on the face of it, inconsistent with the former charge; for it is stealing the same property privately from the person of the Duke of Beaufort, which is always so laid as not to be perceived; it therefore clearly excludes all idea of a highway robbery; for it is either taken by force, or the effect of fear, that necessarily supposes that the person must perceive the violence, or the impression of fear, and must see the person that takes the property; and the evidence most clearly and unquestionably applies to the latter; for there is no circumstance of violence whatever spoke of by his 
               
                  Grace
               


             the Duke, or any of the witnesses, and to be sure the evidence which appears to have been very correctly given, does certainly prove that whoever was the hand that took the George from his 
               
                  Grace
               


             the Duke of Beaufort, stole it privately, and therefore it comes within the second charge of this indictment. You will observe in your consideration of the evidence, particularly, that I state whoever was the hand that took it; because in the construction of this law, which is a very severe one, making it a capital offence to steal property, even of a very small value, privately from the person of a man without any personal violence to him, which can concern his life or safety, it has always been taken in favour of the person accused; and as this act of parliament deprives the person of the benefit of his clergy, it does not extend in express terms to persons aiding and abetting the commission of the offence. The construction, therefore, that has been put on this act, is, that the hand alone who takes the goods is guilty of the private stealing. In stealing privately in a shop, the law has been otherwise taken, because there it is expressly mentioned. Gentlemen, I am happy in this opportunity of stating the law in the presence of three learned Judges, who will correct me, if I have mistated it. The next thing that is suggested to you by the prisoner, was what I should have mentioned to you, that there are two circumstances which you ought to lay wholly out of your consideration; neither the high rank, and justly respected character of the prosecutor, nor any supposed notoriety of character in the prisoner, ought to make the smallest impression on your minds; you are to consider the prisoner in the light of an innocent man, taken up on grounds of suspicion for having committed this offence, and you are to judge on the evidence against him, as you would against a stranger, or your neighbour: If you are of opinion that he committed this fact, whatever his former character might have been, it will be your duty to find him guilty; if on the contrary, you think that on any part of the charge he is not guilty, whatever impressions may be raised against the prisoner, it will be equally your duty to acquit him. (Here the learned Judge summed up the evidence, and then added:) This is the whole of the evidence I have already stated to you, that the evidence which is very clearly and distinctly given, leaves no room to doubt that the George was privately stolen from his Grace; the only question consistent with the evidence, is, whether you are satisfied that the prisoner was the man who actually so took it? the circumstance of finding stolen property in the possession of a man, is always considered as evidence, to shew that he was the person who stole it; and in itself, simply considered, it is also evidence, that he was the person who stole it in the particular mode in which it was stolen, whatever that may be; if goods are stolen out of a house by means of a burglary, the possession of those goods unaccounted for, especially if under circumstances that raise additional suspicions, and very recently after the fact committed, is evidence, not only that the party stole the goods, but that he committed the burglary in that particular manner, unless something to thecontrary appears; so in a highway robbery, the possession of a watch, or whatever property, is evidence that he took it in the manner in which it really was taken; so with respect to this offence, if nothing to the contrary appears, the finding property which is privately stolen, immediately after the stealing, in possession of a man who cannot give any account of it, is evidence that he privately stole it; but that evidence may be explained like all other evidence; and therefore it is for you to consider, whether in this case, under all the circumstances that have been stated, you give that effect to the evidence, which simply is the inference of law from it, which is, that the prisoner Sterne, in whose possession the George was found within little more than a minute from the time it was taken from his Grace's person, was the very hand who took it from his Grace, or if he was not: if it was taken by the man in black, though in that case the prisoner is guilty of larceny, equally guilty of the stealing with the man who took it; yet under this act of parliament, he is not guilty of private stealing; you are therefore to consider whether you are satisfied that the prisoner was the hand that took his Grace's George; if you believe the facts, there seems to he no doubt but he was concerned in taking it; but if you are of opinion he was the hand that took it, you will find him guilty of the whole charge. It is not perhaps a case where you should lean without all reason to make an inference against the evidence; but if you find any just ground to doubt whether the prisoner was the hand that took it, or whether the man observed by his Grace, might be the hand who took it, and hand it over to the prisoner, which is the frequent mode of committing these kind of robberies, then you will find him guilty of the stealing only: According to your opinion on that fact, your verdict certainly ought to be; if you are clearly satisfied the prisoner himself took it, you will find him generally guilty; if not, you will find him guilty of stealing only.
The Jury retired for sometime, and returned with a verdict




               NOT GUILTY of the highway robbery, GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
