






824. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EMMOTT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MACKEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
 last, five yards of linsey; value 2 s. and one yard of plain serge, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bailey
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BAILEY
               



             sworn.
On the 24th of September last, the two prisoners, and another man came into my shop, in White-horse-yard


, under pretence of looking at some fancy waistcoats; I shewed them several patterns; they did not fix upon any of them; then they asked for patterns, I gave them some; Emmott said his brother was come from sea; they all three went out together; I was putting by the pieces, and heard whispering under the window, and a knock came a second time at the door, and in about three minutes the prisoner Emmott, and the other man came in, and Emmott asked to buy a halfpenny worth of taylors needles; I saw Mackey at the door at that time; he stood at the door, and kept it open; it is a rule with me to keep the door shut; Emmott came in for the needles, and the other man asked for a halfpenny worth; I believe another man came in, and while I was serving them; I missed a parcel of woollen serge; my wife picked up a bundle of cloth from the ground; I took the candle, and went round the counter, and missed the bundle immediately; it was remnants of linsey and serge; I went to Bedfordbury, and found the same three men that were in my shop all standing together, the corner of Turner's-court; one man walked off as soon as he saw us; I saw the prisoner Mackey, with a large bundle under his arm; I immediately charged him, and I made a catch at it; he gave it a jerk, and catched it out of my hand, and left Emmott in charge of Mr. Hattersley, whom I took with me; I run after Mackey; Emmott ran down Turner's-court, which leads into St. Martin's-lane; he never was out of my sight till he was stopped; he dropped the bundle; I did not examine what was in it.
Mr. Garrow. Do not you know it contained shirts? - No, Sir, there was nothing found in it; he had the bundle when he was taken.
- HATTERSLEY sworn.
I assisted in taking the prisoner.


                  LEWIS
                   JAMES
               



             sworn.
Mr. Bailey said it was his property, which I gave to him, this was in the space of seven minutes or less; I am sure I saw him drop the bundle; and I picked up a piece of red and white striped linsey which is here.
(Produced and deposed to.)
Mr. Garrow. How far is Bedfordbury. from your shop? - About a quarter of a mile.
Prisoner Emmott. I leave it to my counsel.
Prisoner Mackey. I met my fellow prisoner in White-horse-yard; he asked me to partake of a pot of porter, which I accepted; he said he was going to Mr. Bailey's shop to look at some pattern waistcoats; I had a shirt in this handkerchief, and went with him; Mr. Bailey gave him some patterns; we came out, he went back for some needles; I waited for him; then we came up White-horse-yard, into Bedfordbury; we were consulting to have a pot of beer, and Mr. Bailey came up.
Court to Lewis. Are you quite sure you saw Mackey drop this piece? - Quite sure.
Who was with him at the time? - Mr. Bailey had hold of his arm; I did not see any body else have hold of him; there was a mob of people after them; there wasanother person who saw; him drop it; he said he lived in Villar's-street, York-buildings, and the next morning there was no such person to be found.
The prisoner Mackey called one witness, who gave him a good character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
