





831. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     PARRY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of October
, one bombazeen gown and petticoat, value 15 s. a cloak, value 6 s. a silk handkerchief, value 5 s. a pair of silk shoes, value 1 s. a pair of cloth shoes, value 1 s. a pair of pumps, value 2 s. two caps, value 4 s. a linen apron, value 1 s. a muslin neckcloth, value 1 s. two guineas and one half guinea, four half-crowns and three shillings in monies, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Attewell
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling-house
            .


                  SUSANNAH
                   ATTEWELL
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Abraham
                   Attewell
               



            ; he is a porter
, the prisoner came to me as a person that was out of place, a country girl just came to town, she desired employment in the milk business, she said she had no friends nor no money; for that reason I took her, she was from Tuesday to Saturday; she was very sick, she said all the time she was with me, she was in great pain in her side and bowels; on Saturday morning she was very bad indeed, she cried very much, I got her bled, and gave her three-pence to pay for it; I left her in my house when I went out, nobody was with her, it was about a quarter before one when I left my house; I returned about half past three, and I was informed she was gone, and I ran to my box, and found my box open, and all my property gone, which was my cow-keeper's money, I lost three pounds and upwards in money; there were two guineas in gold, half a guinea, four half crowns; and the rest in silver.
How much? - I think to the best of my knowledge, about three shillings; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, the handkerchief is here to produce, I never found the money; she was taken on the Tuesday morning following by the advertisement.
Prisoner. Did not you go out to borrow a shilling to mend your son's shoes the day before? - I did not.
Prisoner. Did not you borrow a shilling of your next door neighbour for a pair of shoes? - No.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
In consequence of an advertisement, I found this gown and petticoat, and black silk handkerchief, and the shoes on the prisoner's feet, and the stockings on her legs; she said she had the things off the drawers, to the best of my recollection, belonging to her mistress.
What mistress? - The prosecutrix.
Prisoner. I never said any such thing.
Treadway. I searched her, and found half a guinea and a shilling upon her.
Court to prosecutrix. Whereabouts did you leave these things? - I left my gown and petticoat, folded up on the head of the bed, my cloth shoes were under my bed; I cannot say where I left the other shoes.
When did you see this money last before it was stolen? - I saw it on Friday, and had it in my hand about eleven or twelve, and on Saturday it was stolen. (The prosecrtrix deposes to the handkerchief,) the cap I can swear to and the gown, it was never on my back, the mantua-maker is here that made it.
Did you loose such a gown as that? - Yes, I did, I lost it off the head of my bed.
Did you loose these stockings and shoes? - Yes.


                  ANN
                   FORSAR
               



             sworn.
I am a mantua-maker; I made this gown for the prosecutrix; I know my work.
Prisoner. I have had that gown these five years, and more than that; there weretwo pieces tore off the skirt, and I had them sewed on again; I had it at Mrs. Stokes's.


                  GEORGE
                   MEECHAM
               



             sworn.
I am an officer; I took the prisoner in custody by the advertisement; we searched her, and she said, this is my mistress's property, for I took it off the head of the bed; nothing was said to her, she owned it voluntarily; I never had any thing to say to any one but the woman that stands in the red cloak.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The things are my own, honestly bought and paid for, and as for money, the prosecutrix had none; she went and borrowed a shilling the day before; I could bring witnesses, that I wore that gown two months in this town, before ever I saw this woman.




               GUILTY Of stealing the clothes to the value of 39 s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
