





47. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DOWLING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of November
, twenty-one yards of printed cotton, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thwaites
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   THWAITES
               



             sworn.
I live in Holborn, No. 306


; I am a
linen-draper
; the prisoner came into my shop on the 15th of November, about dusk in the evening, past four o'clock, in company with a young woman that always did accompany her when she came to our shop; my people have known her for some time; I cannot say I had seen her in the shop before; I have been in Norfolk.
Was you in the shop? - I was engaged with five or six customers at the time the apprentice came up to me, and said there was a woman in the shop that he suspected had pilfered something; I said, do not let her go out of the shop, but take it from her, if she has any thing; with that the woman was just coming out of the shop, opposite to me, and made me a very low curtsey, and bade me good night; the boy said this is the woman; I stamped with my foot, and said, why do not you take the goods from her; with that the boy went up to her, and followed her out, but still did not take the goods from her; I jumped over the counter, and went out after them; I met the boy in the doorway, she was with him; he had hold of her shoulder; I laid hold of the prisoner, and saw her drop a piece of printed cotton, and I took it up; I felt it drop on my foot.
Did you see her drop it? - I saw her drop it from under her left arm; I stooped and picked it up, and delivered it to the constable, who has it; the piece was the same I saw her drop; when she came back into the shop, she kneeled down, and begged forgiveness.
What was become of the other young woman that came into the shop with her? - She was gone off.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's council. How many persons were there in the shop at the time this happened? - I think as near as I can guess, half a score customers, and about six young men behind the counter.
You, of your own knowledge, had not observed any thing till your boy gave you notice? - Not in the least.
The prisoner was taken into another room and searched? - No, she never was searched; she was taken into my warehouse till the constable was sent for; I had found the goods before she was taken there.
Mr. Garrow. Let the boy go out for a moment. You did not know the prisoner before? - I did not.
Therefore the boy could not direct you to her by any name; what description did he give you of her; did he tell you the woman in red hair? - No, he did not.
Was not there, in truth, another woman in the shop at the time in red hair? - I do not know, indeed.
Do you know now that another person in the shop had red hair? - There were a great many other persons in the shop.
None of whom are here? - Nobody is here but the boy.


                  THOMAS
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I was standing in the shop lighting the lamps, when the prisoner and another person came in; there was a large pile of prints about two yards from her, and she moved on the other side of the pile of prints; I did not see any thing that was done, for the prints hindered me; but when I had done lighting the lamps, I missed a particular piece of print which laid there single by itself, about eight minutes before; I told my master I thought that woman had something with her; he told me to follow her; I rather refused, I was not sure; I did not like to go; he was angry, and I was obliged to go; I followed her, and brought her back to the door, and there she dropped a piece of print by his foot, and he picked it up; that particular print lay by itself under a pile of prints.
Did you see her drop it? - No, I did not, distinctly; my master had hold of her.
Did you see her take it? - No, I could not see her take it, for the prints prevented me seeing her.
How many of your own people were there in the shop? - About five or six who served customers.
Who was the person that was serving thisyoung woman? - His name is James; he is not here.


                  THOMAS
                   STEPHENS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I produce the piece of cotton given to me by the prosecutor; the prisoner was in custody; it was delivered in her presence.
(Produced and deposed to.)
Prosecutor. It is marked on both ends with my own private mark; this is the private mark that was put upon it, a number, when it went to the callenderers; and I absolutely did not know it was on it till I saw it now.
Mr. Garrow. Was it you, yourself, that served her? - No, Sir; there was somebody that served her; his name was James.
You do not, of your own knowledge, know whether she bought it or not? - No, I do not indeed.
PRISONER'S DEFENCE.
This piece of cotton I bought and paid for it; and put it under my arm.
Prosecutor. I know the pattern, but I do not know that she bought it.
Was it one of your patterns? - I know it was one of the patterns that we had at this time.


                  ELIZABETH
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I have known her twenty years; never heard any thing amiss of her character.
Jury. I wish to make one observation: this seems to be a large piece of goods; I wish to know whether it was concealed under her arm without being secreted by a cloak.
Prosecutor. She had on a very long cloak.




               GUILTY, Not Privately
            .
Court to Mr. Thwaites. I may now ask about a particular expression of yours: she was very much known at your shop, and this boy could mention the particulars; was she suspected before? - She was; and this young lad had orders to watch that she did not steal something; and Mr. James had the same orders.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
