





638. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     SEWELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st of September
 last, three pounds weight of tobacco, value 7 s. 
            the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Sainsbury
                  



               
            , Esq

; and 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Langford
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   SAINSBURY
               



            , Esq; sworn.
I missed some tobacco, and in consequence of that I directed one of our clerks to watch the prisoner particularly; accordingly he kept his eye upon him.


                  THOMAS
                   BALDWIN
               



             sworn.
On the 21st of September, the prisoner and myself were in the back shop, I discovered a parcel concealed within two hogsheads; I sent the prisoner out of the way, to see what it contained: I found it contained about three pounds of tobacco. I thought it would be most prudent to send him out again, and likewise remove these hogsheads, to sweep all round; I said I should have occasion to remove that hogshead, and I went out on purpose. When I returned we removed that hogshead, and the parcel was gone, tho' I put it in the same place again after I had opened it: I afterwards discovered the parcel was concealed between two other hogsheads, which we could not move; I put a mark on it, and put it in the same place again. I concluded he must take it when he went with things, as it was too large to take in his pocket; I told him to take a basket round to the warehouse; but I sent him first to fetch down a glass, that I might be satisfied the parcel was there; then he came down again: I observed him take the basket on his shoulders, he went to the door, he returned from the door, and he went to the place where the parcel was. The back part of our house comes into Blackfryers, into Pilgrim-street, he lodges in the Broadway, Blackfryers, opposite our warehouse; I followed him and brought him back, I took the parcel out of the basket myself, and sent for a constable immediately; he denied it, and said he knew nothing of it. We asked him if he had any tobacco in his lodgings, he said no: we searched, and found about twenty-six pounds weight in one bag, and two or three pounds in another. (The parcels of tobacco produced.)
Court. Have you any opportunity of knowing where that tobacco was taken from? - This was in the back shop, and not tied up as it is now; it is sealed up by the constable, there is T. B. upon it: the value of it is at least 7 s. it would be worth more if he was to sell it; nobody was in the back shop at the time the tobacco was taken away, but the prisoner and myself.
- MARTIN sworn.
On the 21st of September I was sent for to Alderman Sainsbury's, they gave me charge of the prisoner at the bar for stealing some tobacco; I took him to the Compter; I said it would be proper to search his lodgings; we went in, it was dark; his wife and a man were just come in; I was in the room almost as soon as they were; the woman went to the fire-place to light a candle, and the man said, has Richard parted with any more since I was here last? I said, how do you do, Mrs. Sewell? does not your husband work at Alderman Sainsbury's? Yes, said she; I said I must search your house; and accordingly I searched, and in a closet I found this bag of tobacco secreted (a bag produced, about twenty-six pounds weight); I went to another place, and I found this loose shag tobacco (a small parcel produced); I opened his box, and in his box there were four papers made up with Mr. Sainsbury and Langford's name on it, and two rolls of pigtail.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
This tobacco was my allowance that I had every night since last Christmas; it is a rule in the trade to give us an allowance; five pounds twelve ounces I bought; and sometimes I got double that allowance.
Mr. Baldwin. We generally give half an ounce of cut tobacco of a night for them to smoke, to prevent their stealing any; but this does not appear to be that tobacco; this was as it came from the mills, without having the dust taken from it; in the state it is in now we never give it.
Court. How long has he worked with you? because if that allowance had been scrape d up for a number of years, it might have amounted to that quantity.
Court to Prisoner. What do you say to the parcel? - I know nothing of it.
The prisoner brought four witnesses, who all gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
