





257. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     COTTERELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st day of March
 last, a piece of lawn, containing ten yards, value 1 l. 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilkinson
                  




               
            .
The witnesses examined separate.


                  JOHN
                   WILKINSON
               



             sworn.
I am a linen-draper
 in Dartmouth-street, Westminster


; on the 1st of March I losta piece of lawn from the counter; I saw the prisoner in my shop, she came in between one and three in the afternoon; I did not serve her; I did not see her go out; my servant told me she was gone out; he believed she had a piece of cotton; I went after her about five or six yards; I called her back; she came into the shop; she went up to the other side; I went to pull her cloak back, and just as I was going to do that, she dropped down the piece of cotton that is here; I stood beside her at the time it was dropped.
Can you confidently say it did not drop from the counter? - No, it dropped from her cloak; it was under her right arm; it dropped down on the floor the end next the counter.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. This was between one and three? - Yes.
A great many people in the shop? - Not a great many; there were not many goods on the counter.
Did you see it drop? - I stood by her when she dropped it; I expected it.


                  HANNAH
                   TOKELEY
               



             sworn.
I am shopwoman to the prosecutor; I served the prisoner with a piece of lawn.
Where was that lawn that your master has at the time you served her? - This piece she supported against the counter by leaning against it; when she came into the shop it was on the counter.
Did you see it on the counter? - Yes.
Had you been looking at it, or serving any body with it, or measuring it? - No; I got it out to serve her.
How long did she stay in the shop? - About half an hour; when she went away I went round the counter and observed the lawn laying on the floor.
Was that before she went out? - Before she went out, near where she stood, just under her feet; when I returned, the lawn was not there; I afterwards observed something under her cloak which appeared to me to be like that lawn; after that she went out.
Seeing it under her feet, I wonder you did not desire her to pick it up? - Why, I understood, that unless the prisoner took the things out of the shop, they could not be taken up: upon this, I gave notice to Mr. Wilkinson.
Mr. Knapp. This lawn was on the floor before she went out? - Yes, it was; I went round the counter, and I saw the lawn just under her feet; when I returned, the lawn was not there.
Mr. Knapp to prosecutor. Has that lawn been in your custody ever since? - Yes.
When was it delivered to you, and where? - It was delivered to me before the Justice; I know it to be mine, because it was my own marking.
Prisoner. I leave it to the counsel.
Richard Perry. I never took an oath in my life.
Are you a quaker? - No, but I never took an oath in my life.
Have you any objection to take it now, do you know what it is? it is, that you are to call God to witness, that you are to speak the truth: have you any objection to taking such an oath? - I have no objection.


                  RICHARD
                   PERRY
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner; I have known her these twenty years.
What is her character? - I do not know; I never knew her to be guilty of stealing any thing.


                  PHEBE
                   PERRY
               



             sworn.
I have known her about five years.
What is she? - She is a woman that labours hard for her bread, as far as ever I knew; I never heard any thing but a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
