





812. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ALLEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Hugh 
                           Harding
                        




                     
                   on the King's highway, on the 14th day of September
 last, and putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, a watch with a tortoise-shell case, value 30 s. a chain, value 2 s. four gold seals, value 40 s. a base metal watch key, value 2 d. his property
            .


                  HUGH
                   HARDING
               



             sworn.
I live No. 63, Leather-lane, Holborn; on the 14th of September, between five and six, I had been at my gold seal maker's, who has worked for me in gold seals seven or eight years, and coming home I came across Chick lane


, and the prisoner laid hold of my hand, says she, how do you do? she had not said so, before she laid fast hold of my chain, and my watch was out in one minute; I saw her as plain as I do now; she run away, I run after her, she had a cloak and bonnet on, that came off, she got among five or six bad people, and I saw her put her hand behind her and give it to one of them, who I understand has been cast this session for something else; the woman got away, and one Humphry Moore came up to me, and said, do not make a noise Mr. Harding, I will get you your watch again; he got me into the Marquis of Granby's Head, and there I was robbed of sixteen pounds worth of diamonds, and a pocket-book with a ten pounds bank-note, which is the subject of another indictment; this woman was taken that night, I knew her again; I was not drunk, I had been drinking.
Prisoner. He said I was not the woman. - I did not.


                  ANN
                   WALLING
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner take the prosecutor's watch and run away, he brought her back by the arm, but a parcel of bad people jostled him and he lost her; I am a header of pins.


                  PHILIP
                   BRISTOW
               



             sworn.
I took up the prisoner by order of the prosecutor.
Court. He seems drunk, does not he? - He always is, my Lord, I never saw him sober; I found a guinea and a half on her.
Prisoner. I never saw the man.
Court to Bristow. Was he in liquor when he gave charge of her? - He was not really quite sober; he was a little fresh, a little mellow, but not so as not to know a person.
Court. What is the prisoner? - She is a poor unhappy woman of the town.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
