





305. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HOLDWAY
               



             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Bethell
                     




                  , about the hour of two in the night, on the 16th of March
, and burglariously stealing therein, two silver table-spoons, value 18 s. four silver tea-spoons, value 4 s. a diaper table-cloth, value 3 s. a linen dresser-cloth, value 6 d. a box handle oyster-knife, value 6 d.
             his property.


                  WILLIAM
                   BETHELL
               



             sworn.
I live in Covent Garden-market


, my house was broke open either the 16th or 17th of March, I do not know the day of the week, I went to bed before my family, I believe my servant was last up, her name is 
               
                  Jane
                   Harris
               



            ; I went to bed between eight and nine, my wife and daughter were at the play; I saw the things at the pawnbroker's; I heard no noise in the night; I was up between four and five in the morning.


                  JANE
                   HARRIS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the prosecutor, the house was broke open of a Monday evening, I think I was the last person up in the house, we do not sleep in that house; my master, and my mistress, and a man servant sleep in it, I left the house that night before it was broke open; there is no servant here that was in the house when it was broke open; my mistress is not here, I left the house about eleven, there is a floor up stairs, my master and mistress sleep in a little bed-room even with the shop; when I came away I shut the door after me, and put the flap down, and pushed the hatch over it, that is the only fastening it has; when I came away the kitchen window was down; I came on the next day between seven and eight in the morning, the people were all up before me, I missed the things in the indictment when I went there in the morning; I should know the tablecloth, I cannot swear to any of them, I am certain to the number that were lost.


                  JOHN
                   CROUCH
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Berwick-street, Ilive with Mr. Aldus, I produce all the things mentioned in the indictment, except the oyster knife, the constable has that; I stopped the prisoner on Tuesday the 17th of March, about two o'clock, he brought the things, he asked to pledge the table-cloth for three shillings, and said he had some plate in his pocket; I asked him to let me look at it, and he said, he wanted either to sell it or pledge it; I weighed it, and said, will fifteen shillings do for you to sell them? he said yes, if you will not give any more; I was confident he had stole it, or the person who sent him: he said he had them from Mr. Satchell in Park-street, Grosvenor-square; I sent for an officer, he searched him; then he said he had them from his father last Christmas; I caused the things to be advertised, and the prosecutor came the next day.
(The things deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prosecutor. The tea-spoons marked W A B; the table-spoons I had from an old lady who is dead; they have cyphers, I cannot tell what they were; there is the B on the dresser-cloth; I believe there is no mark on the table-cloth.


                  Jane
                   Harris
               



            . I believe the things to be my master's, I cannot swear to them.


                  WILLIAM
                   BLACKETER
               



             sworn.
I belong to the office in Poland-street, I produce this knife, which I had of the prisoner on the 17th of March, about two in the day; I searched him in the office, and took him from the pawnbroker's; I have kept the knife ever since.
Prosecutor. I am sure it is mine, I had the handle rasped, it was a great deal larger.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I came in on the morning that the robbery was committed in the garden, and walking backwards and forwards for some employment, I had been out of place; I found the things between a watch-box and a stand, it was covered with straw, it was this property; I took it to the pawnbroker's, and asked half a guinea for it in pawn.
Prosecutor. He was a servant of mine, he lived with me about a month, he came out of the country, and while he lived with me he was very honest, but I believe distress and hunger has drove him to this; he left me two months before this happened in a hurry, one morning his father sent up things to market; I owed him a little money, and he asked for his wages when he went away; he assigned no reason for leaving me; I have entrusted him with money at different times.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Court to Prosecutor. When did you see these spoons before? - The morning before they were taken, they were used in common; when we get up in a morning this flap door is left open; I do not know whether it was taken before I went out or after; it is a thoroughfare for twenty different people.




               GUILTY, Of stealing only
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


