






757. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRISBANE
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     BRISBANE
                  



               
            , his wife
, were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d day of October
, four silk gowns, value 40 s. one cotton gown, value 10 s. one satt in petticoat, value 10 s. one sattin petticoat, value 20 s. one pair of stays, value 10 s. one linen shirt, value 3 s. one waistcoat, value 5 s. and one cotton waistcoat, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Richardson
                  




               
            .


                  DAVID
                   RICHARDSON
               



             sworn.
I did live at No. 72, Bell Dock, Wapping


. My house was burnt down on the 24th of September, and my wife lost her cloaths at the fire; they were stolen; we cannot tell from where; they were carried down by some of our servants: and my wife's mantua-maker informing me she had been sent for to the prisoner's house to alter some of my wife's things, I went to the prisoner's house with Mr. 
               
                  Stephen
                   Beck
               



             and 
               
                  Hannah
                   Walker
               



             the mantua-maker. When I went into the prisoner's fore-parlour, I saw one of my wife's gowns lying in the parlour, either in a chair or on the table: I laid hold of it, and said, You are a rascal, you have robbed me in this distressed situation. The woman prisoner, who was sitting, was struck with fear, and immediately ran past me into a back parlour; I pursued her to the door of that back parlour, and she had locked it: I could not get in: I told her she had more of my property there, and I insisted on being admitted, or I would break the door open. The door was opened; but whether I burst it open, or she opened it, I cannot say. When I got in, the woman had something tied in a white sheet, shoving it under the bed, or into a chest. I took it from her, and I opened the bundle, and found there a silk gown, and one or two silk petticoats, and some other articles, which I cannot now recollect everyone: I know them to be mine. She threw herself on the bed, and pretended to be very bad, and would not get up. I lifted up the pillow, which was under her head and shoulders, and under it I found a black silk gown belonging to my wife.
Where was the man all this time? - He was wrangling with me, threatening to prosecute me for coming into his house in that manner, for I had no warrant; I had no time to get one. I was very well known in the neighbourhood, and I gave a constable charge of the prisoners, and of the property. The prisoners were in a good deal of confusion when the things were found; they said the things were Mr. Cochran's, and they believed them to be his property, and they saved them for him: he was my next door neighbour.
How far did the prisoners live from you? - They lived in Anchor and Hope Alley, about a quarter of a mile.
Prisoner William. Whether I denied the goods, when he came into my house? Whether I did not fetch them to him when he demanded them? - No, he did not: after we found them, he did not pretend to deny them.
Did not my wife bring the gown, and your spouse fetch the cuffs, and compare them to it? - That I cannot say. After we found the property, he told me to stay till Mr. Cochran came; and the moment he came, he laid hold of him, and said he was a rascal, and had robbed him at the fire: he said he had some knowledge of the prisoner before, and he came to his house to assist him at the fire, and had one or two loads from him. None of my things were in Mr. Cochran's house. I never saw the prisoner till I went into his house.


                  HANNAH
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
I am a mantua-maker. I never saw the prisoner William till he came to the house where I was, and asked me if I would alter his wife some gowns; that was on the second of this month. I went with him to his house to speak to his wife about them, and he desired his wife to get me those gowns; she brought me one, and desired me to make it less; I told her I would do it: she wanted two done against Sunday, but I could not do them, and then she took one away. The gown that she shewed me was a blossom-coloured silk. I promised them to go the next day. I well knew they were not their own property, by reason I made the gowns for Mrs. Richardson, and nobody knew them better, excepting the owner. She shewed me one gown which I made, and a petticoat which I knew perfectly well: it was lined in the inside with the remains of two gowns that I had made. Mrs. Richardson made the petticoat herself. I went to Mr. Richardson, and gave information.


                  STEPHEN
                   BECK
               



             sworn.
I went with Mr. Richardson and he mantua-maker to the house of these prisoners, on the second of October. The woman prisoner said, here are people in the house, the man prisoner sat in the chair, and would not stir at first; then he got up, and said, where is the warrant? where is the officer? I said, there is no occasion for a warrant, here is the the property: the gown and petticoat were behind the door. Richardson followed the woman into the next room; the door was locked; we got in and the man said the things belonged to Mr. Cochran; and he took out a gown, a pair of stays, a peticoat, and sundry other little articles; then Mr. Richardson took out a shirt. The bundle was just closed up at the time of the fire, and carried down stairs by their own people: they are not here.
Court. How could these people get at the bundle? - When the fire came on so rapidly, they took it out of the back shop, and carried it down the rope-walk. When Cochran came, he flew at the prisoner with his fist, and said, You villain, you have robbed me.
( The things deposed to by Mrs. Richardson.)
PRISONER WILLIAM's DEFENCE.
The night the fire broke out I was in bed. I heard the alarm, I put on part of my clothes, and told my wife I would go to Mr. Cochran's assistance, as he had been my friend. I went, and the door was shut. I stopped some time opposite to his house before the fire approached towards it. When the door was opened, I asked him if he wanted any assistance; he told me to take out some of the things in the front part of the house.
Court. How did you come by these things? - When the fire went on, and Mr. Cochran's things were burnt, I came, endeavouring to get some of his things, and I could not get in. I turned back again, and the houses were on fire on both sides of the street. I ran back, and turned myself round, and this bundle fell from a window, which I supposed to be Mr. Cochran's, and I plucked it out of the water, and carried it home to my house, where part of Mr. Cochran's goods lay. I had just come home from the West-Indies. The next morning I went on board the ship, and I told my wife to deliver those things to Mr. Cochran and nobody else, without they proved their property. I went up to where the mantua-maker's daughter was, and I asked her daughter if she knew how to make a bed-gown or an under-gown for my wife, and her mother came down with me. I had lodged in the house where the mantua-maker lived.
How came you to want these things, that you knew were not your own, altered for your wife? - I never mentioned any thing of the kind to the mantua-maker. What passed between my wife and her I am ignorant of.
The prisoner William called two Witnesses to his character.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, the prisoner Jane is stated to be the wife of the other prisoner, and all the evidence that has been given in this case, affects her only jointly with her husband; there is no proof of her doing any separate act which the husband was not present at; therefore I am of opinion, that she is entitled to the privilege which the law gives to married women.


                  WILLIAM
                   BRISBANE
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .


                  JANE
                   BRISBANE
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Court to Prisoner. 
               
                  William
                   Brisbane
               



            , the offence of which you have been convicted, is attended with circumstances peculiarly deserving the notice of the Court, and it is proper that those who have heard your trial, should also be the hearers of your sentence. - At a time when it is the duty, not only of every neighbour, but of every person of humanity, to assist people in saving the little they have spared out of the wreck; to rob those persons at such a time, is an act of the most cruel aggravation, and of the most enormous malignity. After the verdict which a very merciful and favourable jury indeed, as they have proved themselves in many instances, have thought proper to give on your case, it is necessary to mark your crime with an exemplary punishment, and no punishment short of death would be too severe for your offence; but the utmost extent of your punishment must be, that of being 



               transported out of the kingdom for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Mr. RECORDER.
