





583. 
               
                  
                     SARAH SOPHIA ANN 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July
 last, nine guineas, and 3 s. in monies, numbered, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Martin 
                           Redmond
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  MARTIN
                   REDMOND
               



             sworn.
The prisoner robbed me of nine guineas and some silver, on the 9th of July, between eight and nine in the evening; I was in Ratcliff-highway


, at Mrs. Foy's house; I had a pint of wine; it is a hotel; I went there to please my curiosity.
Is not it a house of ill-fame? - I do not believe it is; I was in liquor, before I went there; I had two ten pound notes, and one of twenty; I changed one ten pound note, and had nine guineas and an half and sixpence in halfpence; and I went up stairs with that lady, the prisoner, and then I was robbed of nine guineas and some silver really did fall asleep for two minutes; I on a bed, but did not lay down; when I awoke, I found my money gone, and then I got as sober as ever I was in my life; the prisoner was there, and she offered me five guineas back again, and I would not take it; I told her she had robbed me, she said she had not, but would give me five guineas, which she took from between a card-table that was in the room; I am sure she is the person who robbed me, and I asked her; and I said, how long have you been in this low line of life? if you will promise to be a good girl, I will hire you for a servant to my wife, and you shall wait on my daughter.
Was that before you fell asleep? - Yes; but after she offered me the five guineas, I called the watch.
Where was your money? - In a black waistcoat; I had a 20 l. and a 10 l. pinned up, and nine guineas and an half in my breeches pocket; I felt the money after I went into this house; I called for a pint of wine, and changed half a guinea.
ELIZABETH DYE sworn.
I changed a 10 l. note for the gentleman, at my house.
What is your house? - I keep a tavern, the Rodney, in Ratcliff-highway; he had two pints of wine between six and seven; I did not mind whether he was in liquor.


                  MARGARET
                   FOY
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of July, the prosecutor was going by our door, No. 103; it is just such another house as the other lady's; a lodging-house, private or public, the Sunderland and Shields hotel; I was standing atthe door when the prisoner picked the gentleman up, and came in with him, and called for a pint of wine; there was another lady at the door, and he ordered her to call in that lady to have a glass of wine; she came in and drank a couple of glasses, and retired; she said, she thought one lady was sufficient for one gentleman; he called for another pint of wine, and he and the prisoner went up stairs, and staid till about ten, when she rang the bell for supper; they had pickled salmon, and bread, butter, cheese, and porter for supper; she sent down the money, and sent for me, to know if I would come up and eat a bit of supper; I had been long ill, and begged to be excused; then she sent for this lady, and I sent word she was engaged, and I did not chuse she should come up; she sent again, and I went up, and this gentleman was sitting on the bed-side, putting his shoes on, and in a very ill temper; I said, is there any thing the matter? he said, yes, my dear, here is plenty of matter, I am robbed; I said, who robbed you? he said, that woman, of nine guineas and an half; she denied it; I rummaged the bed; he had not missed his watch then; but after he put on his shoes, he swore he had lost his watch; she pretended to search his breeches, and she conveyed the watch into his breeches in such a manner, as I never saw a woman do with so much indecency; she tore his breeches down, and crammed her arm down as far as her elbow; (if I am to speak the truth, I must) the knees of the man's breeches were open; he had not the watch, but she produced the watch from somewhere, and put it into his breeches; I found five guineas between a card-table; I knew it was not hers, because I knew she had not the value of this hit of rue; she was searched in the course of the night; nothing more was found, but half a guinea and some halfpence; she said, if she was to go to the watch-house, she would be damned but she would take the money with her, to help to support her; he was rather in liquor when he came in, but he had been to bed and to sleep, which sobered him a little.


                  PRISCILLA
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I am servant at the house; they rang for supper; I carried it up; the lady at the bar sent for my mistress; she went up, and I carried up another candle; my mistress found five guineas under the card-table, and said to the gentleman, I believe this is part of your money; the prisoner said, do not give it to him; my mistress said, I will, it is none of yours; and then the lady snatched two guineas out of her hand, and three afterwards; I went for a constable.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My lord, I live in Mrs. Foy's house, as a girl, an unfortunate girl; this gentleman came from another house, and he asked me to drink a glass of wine; he came into the house, I did not pick him up; I went up stairs with him; he made me a present of a guinea; he said, I have no more money, pay the expences; we had a couple of pints of wine, some porter, and some salmon; he was very sick, he did not go to sleep; the woman came up to drink some porter, and he asked me for the change of the guinea; I said, it is mine; and he said I had robbed him; I did not know he had a watch; I have no friend.




               GUILTY, not privily
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
