





511. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     TAYLOR
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th day of September
, a looking glass in a mahogany frame, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Cherrington
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Henning
                  



               
            .


                  HENRY
                   CHERRINGTON
               



             sworn.
I am a cabinet maker and an upholsterer
 in partnership with 
               
                  David
                   Henning
               



            ; I lost a looking-glass; on Friday the 5th of September, the prisoner came in and took off the looking glass; she was taking up the glass; I followed her immediately and overtook her about five yards from my own door; she was going to set down the glass; and I caught hold of her; I took her to the office myself; this is the glass; it is mine.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
It rained very hard last Friday evening; I was standing up by a door, when a woman came to me, and said, let this glass stand by you; I am moving, and I have lost my child; I run after the woman, and caught fast hold of her; and she tore a piece out of my handkerchief.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you see her in the shop? - I did; there was a woman came up to her, and followed me to the shop; and took hold of the prisoner's gown; when she came back to the shop, she came up with her to the shop door.
Are you sure that the prisoner was the same woman that you saw in the shop? - I can swear to it.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
