





244. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROBERTS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, a paper parcel, containing fifteen furred caps, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Peter 
                     Webber
                  




               
            .

- SPENCER sworn.
I was going down Bread-street


, I heard the cry of stop thief, I saw the prisoner running with a parcel under his arm, I took him, and he threw the parcel away.


                  WILLIAM
                   GREEN
               



             sworn.
I was in Bread-street, I heard the alarm, I saw the prisoner running, I made towards him, he threw the parcel away; I picked it up.
(Produces it.)


                  BENJAMIN
                   MARRIOT
               



            .
How old are you? - Twelve years.
Do you know the nature of an oath? - Yes.
What will become of you if you swear that which is false? - I shall be punished.
How? - By God and man.


                  BENJAMIN
                   MARRIOT
               



             sworn.
I go of errands for Mr. Webber; I went to the Three Cups, Bread-street, with a parcel containing fifteen furred caps; I saw the prisoner, and asked him, which was the Three Cups; he said this was; I asked him if the Bristol mail-coach went from there; he said yes; he told me to give him two pence and the parcel, and he would book it, which I did; he crossed the way, and then ran off as hard as he could; I cried out stop thief, and he was taken.
Look at the outside of that parcel, and see if that is the same? - I know it is the same, there is my hand-writing upon it.
(They were deposed to by Mr. Webber.)
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence, but called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
