






369. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STEVENSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DUDLEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March
, thirteen linen handkerchiefs, value 13 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thwaits
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   THWAITS
               



             sworn.
I keep a shop
 in Holborn


; I was at home when this happened, it was about five o'clock in the evening, of the 27th of March, the prisoners came into my shop; I was about eight yards distance from them; I did not observe them at first; a young man desired me to keep a strict eye on the prisoners; he said, he suspected they would hand something off; the tallest of them was buying of a pocket handkerchief, the other stood by; I took no notice of them 'till they went out; I ran after them, and desired one of my young men to follow me; and about thirty or forty yards off I took Stevenson, the other got off, but he was taken in a few minutes afterwards; I found thirteen pocket handkerchiefs concealed under Stevenson's great-coat; I am sure they are mine; he went down on his knees, and cried, and begged to be set at liberty; the prisoner 
               
                  Dudley
               


             I understood had bought a handkerchief; I did not see either of the prisoners take any thing; one 
               
                  William
                   Brown
               



             saw him taken.
Court. Is he here? - No.
How came you not to bring the witness? - I could not spare him.
How came you to indict them capitally? Did they come in together? - I am not certain.
Mr. Peatt, prisoner Stevenson's Counsel. You say you was apprised that they were suspicious people? - Yes, I was.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner Dudley's Counsel. Nothing was found on Dudley, but a handkerchief he had bought? - No.
Court. I shall not put Dudley on his defence.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him him a good character.





                        THOMAS
                         STEVENSON
                     



                  , GUILTY, Of stealing, but not privately.
Recommended by the Jury.





               Transported for seven years
            .


                  JOHN
                   DUDLEY
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
