





101. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, seven muslin neck handkerchiefs, value 14 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Wood
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
I keep a man's mercer and hosiery shop
, No. 41, Houndsditch


; I know nothing of the robbery.


                  HENRY
                   WOOD
               



            , Junior, sworn.
I am turned of fourteen, I live with Mr. Wood; the prisoner came into the shop on Friday last, and asked me for somelawn, about three o'clock; she said it was too wide; I shewed her another, and she said that was too narrow; then she asked to look at some black stockings, I saw her take something out of the window, but I did not know what; I went and told Mrs. Wood, and William Russell went and took her, and brought her back with the seven muslin handkerchiefs.


                  WILLIAM
                   RUSSELL
               



             sworn.
I was sent out after the prisoner, I overtook her she corner of Castle-street; I had sent her in the shop before; I said, you must come back with me; but another woman was with her, who beat me very much, and got away from me.
Court. Where she was first stopped, did you saw she had any thing with her? - No, but here is a Jew who did; I immediately after saw the two pieces of muslin drops from her, as I suppose.
LAZARUS SAMPSON sworn.
I see the prisoner with the muslin, but I did not see her drop it.
DAVID RODERICUS sworn.
I came past at the same time, I saw the woman drop two pieces of muslin; I saw them drop from the prisoner; I picked up one, and Mr. Dide picked up the other, and gave it to Mr. Wood.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
