





138. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EAST
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of December
, two live turkies, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Holmes
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   HOLMES
               



             sworn.
I live at Kentish town


; I lost two turkies last Friday night; my maid servant heard a noise; my man servant said he heard the rick yard open; I directly went, and missed two turkies, between eight and nine; my man and me, and my son went in pursuit; just as we came from the house, near the brick-kiln, there was a dog that induced us to look, and there we found the turkies, and the prisoner sitting some little distance from them; the turkies were dead, but were a little warm; I found them packed up in a basket.
How near was the man to them? - I imagine he might be about twenty or thirty yards; I called to him, and bid him stop, he immediately stopped, and asked me what I wanted; I told him I had been robbed, and suspected him to be the thief; he said he had lost his way, for his wife and he had been falling out; he did not appear to be particularly in liquor, he was rather in liquor.
Was there any footpath where he was going? - There was a footpath near, but he was not in it, he was rather going from it.


                  RICHARD
                   HOLMES
               



            , Junior, sworn.
I am son to the last witness; these turkies were locked up in the turkies house.
Was that broke open? - No, Sir, I had hid the key, and he had found it, and the door was unlocked; when we found the prisoner, the turkies were near him; he was walking round the brick-kiln.
Was there any body else near? - There was a man who went down in the field with us, but nobody else; it was between eight and nine.
Was it a dark night? - No, I believe the moon shone; the man said he had been drinking, and had lost his road, and his wife and he had had some falling out, and he did not care where he went; he denied knowing any thing of the turkies.


                  PETER
                   TOMKINS
               



             sworn.
On the 15th of December, about a quarter before eight, the prisoner came into my house; I keep the King's-arms, Kentish town, about two hundred yards from Mr. Holmes's; he staid about twenty minutes, and then went out.

Had he any thing with him? - He had a basket and a stick.
Are you sure of that? - Yes.
Should you know the basket? - It was a flat basket very much like this; he had not been gone out of my house above twenty five minutes before I heard Mr. Holmes had lost two turkies, and that they were gone with the prisoner to the watch-house.


                  EDWARD
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to the prosecutor; I went in pursuit of this man; I know nothing more.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went to Spring-gardens, and coming up again, I saw Mr. Holmes and his man coming by the brick-kilns; I stopped there; he came and knocked me down, and swore he would run me through; his son said, for God's sake father, do not hit him any more; I had been to Spring-gardens; I never saw any turkies, nor never was within the man's premises in my life; I can produce the basket that I had at the public house; I had left it at my brother's that night; my brother is out of doors with the basket now.


                  THOMAS
                   GEARING
               



             sworn.
I live at Kentish town.
Is the prisoner any relation of yours? - He is an acquaintance of mine; I have known him three years; I never knew him to be guilty of any thing; he is a hard working sober industrious man; this is the basket the prisoner left at my house this day week at night; I cannot justly say, because I was a bed and asleep; my wife told me so.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
