





864. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     HUNT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Parsons
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night, on the 28th day of September
 last, and burglariously stealing therein a man's hat, value 6 s. a pair of breechees, value 1 s. a coat, value 20 s. a waistcoat, value 2 s. five pair of hose, value 8 s. two handkerchiefs, value 2 s. a pocket-book, value 3 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Akam
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  RICHARD
                   AKAM
               



             sworn.
I belong to Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Parsons
               



            , at the Bull, on Holborn-hill


; I am ostler
; my lodging-room is joining the warehouse in the yard; my door was broke open, on the 28th day of September, about seven in the evening; I saw the wainscoting broke through the lost; and my chest was broke open; the things I lost are here; I have seen the prisoner before.


                  JANE
                   SCANDERFIELD
               



             sworn.
I saw 
               
                  Robert
                   Hunt
               



             in the yard, about eight o'clock in the evening; and he came out with a bundle under his arm, with two hats on his head; I sit at the door with oysters; he went down Holborn-hill; I do not know what he had; I mistrusted he had something that did nor belong to him.


                  RICHARD
                   YOUNGER
               



             sworn.
Upon the information of the last witness, I went in pursuit after him, and found him at the Fleet-market, with the bundle under his arm, and two hats on his head; he made several plunges to get from me, but I told him it was of no use; I took him back to the Bull Inn; and the prosecutor swore to the hat.
(The constable produced the things, which were deposed to by the prosecutor.)




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
