





27. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BURCH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October
, one 12 foot two inch and half Archangel deal, value 1 s. 6 d. four 4 foot 1 half inch Archangel deal, value 4 s. 6 d. one ditto, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Godfrey 
                     Thornton
                  




               
            , Esq
.
The case opened by Mr. Leach.


                  JOHN
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
On the 30th of October last, I went with a barge to a ship called the Adanta, belonging to Mr. Thornton, to take away a load of deals; the cargo is Mr. Thornton's; when loaded we went to the New River to Mr. Turner's wharf; I proceeded up with her to Lime-house wharf; I opened the outer gates of the lock; I found Burch, the prisoner, he came and opened the gates, and I shoved the barge into Mr. Richardson's wharf


, and made her fast till day light; when I came in the morning the barge was gone.


                  JOHN
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
On Saturday morning, the 31st of October last, about seven in the morning, I saw a barge coming up, and the prisoner in it and another; they began to land the deals, and Burch threw seven on shore; the other man, which was Graham, took them away; I watched Graham putting the deals into a shed; and I put my name upon them; I know they were a part of the cargo; we took Burch into custody, he said nothing.


                  RICHARD
                   AMOS
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner bring this barge up into the island, and I saw him put severaldeals out, but the quantity I could not tell; I saw the other man, but did not know him.


                  THOMAS
                   WHATELY
               



             sworn.
I live in Shoulder of Mutton Alley; the prisoner was carrying a deal, and he let it fall, and in trying to raise it he broke my window; I spoke to him about the payment, and gave him a lift up with it, and he went about twenty yards and he dropt it, and he went away; I knew him very well; I took the deal, and gave information to Elby.


                  WILLIAM
                   ELBY
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner on the 31st of October; Mr. Morgan shewed me seven deals, in a shed, in Shoulder of Mutton-Alley; I have had them ever since.
Morgan. They are the same deals I saw the prisoner put into the shed; I put my name upon them.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I let the man through the lock, and he desired me to shove the barge to the wharf, I did so, because she lay adrift; Graham jumped on board the barge; I never saw the deals taken out of the barge; a young fellow gave me a glass of liquor, and asked me to carry a deal.
Court to Whatley. Was he in liquor? - He appeated so.
Morgan. He did not.
Prisoner. I was as drunk as any young fellow appeared to be in the world.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
