





452. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALKER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, a trying plane, value 1 s. a pannel plane, value 1 s. and some other things
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Dale
               




            .


                  JAMES
                   DALE
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
, on the 29th of May, I was at work at Temple-Bar


, I left work in the evening, I left my tools there; on the Friday evening the prisoner was taken up in consequence of finding some of the tools that he had sold; I found all the rest of my tools over the water where the prisoner worked, except an iron silister, and a smoothing plane.


                  WILLIAM
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I bought this plane and square of the prisoner on the Tuesday following the robbery.
(Producing them.)
Did you know the prisoner? - Yes, he had worked for our master a few days before.
(The plane was deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  ROBERT
                   JAY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to work for my master, he said he had no tools, that his tools were seized for rent, and complained that he had none; he staid from work a day or two; when he came to work again, master would not let him work, because he had staid away; he said he had got some tools then, but wanted money more than tools; and I bought this plane of him for 2 s. 6 d.
(Producing it.)
Dale. It is mine, there is my name upon the end of it.
(The other things that were found over the water were produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
May it please your Lordship and Gentlemen of the Jury, on Monday the 19th of May, I was coming along Butcher-row, and saw this basket of tools, except the tenant saw, standing at the corner of the passage of a public-house, I stopped for the space of a quarter of an hour, and seeing nobody, I thought I might as well take them as I was out of work for want of tools; I went to work as this man has described, and my master refused to give me work, and I went to work over the water; I worked with the tools there till I was taken up; when these men came to me, I told them I had foundthe tools, and if they could prove them to be their's they should have them. - Now, my Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, is it likely that if I had stole them, I should have taken them to work with where I was well known?
(The prosecutor called 
               
                  Sarah
                   Whining
               



            , who had known him between three and four years ago, and gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
