





117. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SETKIN otherwise 
SEKEN





               
             was indicted, for that he, on the 21st of November
 last, in the parish of St. Giles, in the Fields


, did 


               feloniously steal, two linen shirts, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Cox
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   COX
               



             sworn.
On the 21st of November, I was robbed of two shirts, of the value of about three shillings; my wife had been up stairs, and came down and told me she had been robbed: suspicion fell upon the prisoner, he having been up stairs two or three times; I went up stairs and accused him with it, and he denied it; I took him to the magistrates; they searched him and found some duplicates, although not mine, yet they led to my things, as he owned to the constable where he had left the duplicates belonging to my things, and shewed him where he put it; the constable's name is Elliott.
- ELLIOTT sworn.
I am a constable, the prisoner was delivered into my custody at the magistrate's, where was brought on some other things, and he told a person in the Court, whom he took aside, that he would disclose where the duplicates was; the person's name I know not.
Was there any promise made to the prisoner in case he would disclose where this property was? - Not to my knowledge, and on my coming up to him, he said, he would go along with me, and would shew me where it was; which he did, and went up with me, near St. Giles's Church, and went into a place like a necessary-house, where he put his hand up a hole in the wall, and pulled this duplicate out; (the duplicate produced.) It imports that the goods were pawned at Mr. Fear's, Little Poultney-street; I produced this duplicate to him, and he brought the things to the office in the evening.


                  ROBERT
                   SIMSON
               



             sworn.
(Produces the things.)
I took these things in to pledge, on the 21st of November, of the prisoner at the bar.
(The things sworn to by Mr. Cox.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was promised if I would disclose where the things were, the indictment should be flawed, by Mr. Chapman.


                  ROBERT
                   CHAPMAN
               



             sworn.
I did not hear what the prosecutor said to the prisoner, but I told him I should be glad he would tell where the things were, to clear my wife and me, as I lived in the same house; on that he said he would tell us, if we would come to the watch-house he would tell us; but I could not promise him any thing about flawing the indictment.



               GUILTY
            , aged 20.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
