





751. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Smithers
                        




                     
                  , widow
; at the hour of five in the afternoon, on the 25th of September
 last, one 
                     
                        Elizabeth
                         Elton
                     



                   then being in the said dwelling-house, and feloniously stealing therein, two silver salts, value 20 s. one silver cream-pot, value 20 s. one silver table-spoon, value 10 s. and one silver salt-spoon, value 12 d. the property of the said Mary
            .


                  SARAH
                   OBEREY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mrs. Smithers. On the 25th of September, I was helping 
               
                  Samuel
                   Reeves
               



             to put some wine down in the cellar, and I saw a man looking over the bannisters, as I stood at the cellar door. My mistress was in the shop. I came up, and he asked me if Mr. Thompson lived there: I said, Mr. Thompson; no: I asked him what business he had there: I saw the salt-spoon lay on the carpet, through the crack of the door in the dining-room, with some salt spilt, which made me answer him so. He then ran by me, and ran out. I then saw the prisoner at the bar in the dining-room, towards the beaufet. When the prisoner came out of the door, I caught hold of his waistcoat, and cried, Stop thief! He turned round, and damned me for a bitch: what did I mean by that? and he hit me three times on the head with a stick. I was obliged to let him go, and he went out; and Mr. Reeves came up, and followed him: he did not come up in time to stop him in about twenty minutes he brought him back.
Who was in the house besides your mistress, and you, and Reeves? - There was one Mrs. Elton in the next room. The door was shut. She was laid down.
What is her Christian name? - I believe Elizabeth.
How did these people come in? - I am sure I shut the door about five minutes before, and they must lift up the latch.
Might not different people come in and go out from that time? - No.
The door was not locked? - No.
Was the man that was brought back the same man that you saw in the dining-room? - Yes.
What opportunity had you of observing and seeing his face? - I followed him, and saw him after he was taken.
Had you an opportunity of seeing him in the room, so as to know him again? - Yes.


                  SAMUEL
                   REEVES
               



             sworn.
I have part of the business with Mrs. Smithers, a hatter and hosier. I was down stairs, taking in some wine. I heard the maid cry Thieves! Thieves! We are robbed! I did not come up immediately; then she called again, and I ran up: I ran with other people into Castle-yard. We have chambers in Staple's-inn, over our shop, which is at Holborn-bars. I turned round, and the prisoner turned round, and asked me what was the matter.
Was he running, when you first saw him? - I did not see: I laid hold of him by the collar; says I, You villain, you have robbed me.
How came you to think he was the man? - Because I had heard such kind of things; that when they have robbed, they will ask such questions; so I put my hand in his pocket, and found a cream-jug, a pair of salts, a table-spoon, and one salt-glass.
(The things deposed to.)
These things are her property. I have nothing to do with the house-keeping. The table-spoon is marked with R. M. S. in a cypher. There are half a dozen of them. They always stand in the beaufet. I took him back with the things. He had nothing to say.



                  JOSEPH
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Bird's-head-court, Gray's-inn-lane. I went to have a pint of beer, about half past five, and Mr. Reeves came by with the prisoner, and I went and assisted him. I saw the silver-spoon taken out of his pocket, after he was taken to Bow-street.
(The salt-spoon deposed to by Reeves.)
It is marked M. P. that was Mrs. Smither's maiden name; 
               
                  Mary
                   Price
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
(Produces the spoon.)
I took this spoon out of the prisoner's pocket, on the 25th of September. I took the prisoner to Bow-street, I have had it ever since.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming down Holborn, and saw a man running. I cried, stop thief! and these people secured me. The man dropped these things, and I picked them up.
The prisoner called two Witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 30 s. but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
