





230. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOYCOT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of February
, eighteen pounds weight of mutton, value 6 s. 6 d. six pounds weight of beef, value 2 s. and three pounds weight of beef-suet, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Alexander
                  




               
            .
The Case opened by Mr. Garrow.


                  JAMES
                   ALEXANDER
               



             sworn.
On the 6th of February, between one and three, I saw the prisoner take one loin of mutton, and part of another loin, two breasts of mutton, two joints of beef, and one pound of suet from the shop, and tied them up in his apron, to the slaughter-house, and laid them upon the tallow-board, and covered over with a cloth, I could not see into the slaughter-house; I sent for a constable; he said he only removed them for scouring the shop; that was not a proper time for scouring the shop, as there was a large quantity of meat in the shop at the time.
Mr. Scott, Prisoner's Counsel. How long has the prisoner lived with you? - About three months.
Did not the prisoner assist in scouring the shop? - Yes; the meat was tied up as tight as it was possible for a man's apron to be tied up.
Did not he tell you he carried it there because it was dirtied, that it might be washed? - He did not say a single word; I saw him take it, in the room of hanging it up, he took it to the slaughter-house.
Mr. Garrow. Did this meat either want washing or scraping? - By no means.
- HOW sworn.
I am a constable. I found this meat tied up in a blue apron almost at the parlour-door; he said he did not mean to take it, he put it there to keep it clean; it was tied very tight.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Mr. Garrow. Now the trial is over, I may say that I have a man here to prove that the prisoner has received thirty pounds at a time for sat.
Prosecutor. My loss has not been so little as two hundred and fifty pounds in the whole.
Court. I am perfectly satisfied with the verdict; the offence of servant
s who are in trust robbing their masters, has always been considered of the most dangerous nature, and been uniformly punished with the greatest rigor; therefore let the prisoner be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
