





344. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, a pair of black breeches, value 5 s. two muslin aprons, value 4 s. another apron, value 1 s. a pillow-case, value 1 s. a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Hales
                        



                     
                  ; and a silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Baverstock
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   HALES
               



             sworn.
I keep a publick-house
 at Dalston


; last Wednesday was a week, which was the 15th of April, the prisoner was at my house; he had been there some time, he had some ale to drink; I was standing at the door taking the money of the waiter, and I know who comes in and who goes out; seeing the prisoner there some time I took particular notice of him, he first got up into the garden, and had a pint or two of ale; then went into the little room opposite the bar; after a while I saw him go upand after that he came down again; he walked about, and looked about him; I did not much like him; a little after that he came by me as close as I am to this gentleman, and went up stairs again; I took no notice of him, he had no bundle when he went up, and I saw him come down with a bundle under his arm, as he came by me I looked at him very hard, I wondered how he came by that bundle; I thought I saw the corner of a silk handkerchief, he looked about him quite unconcerned, and went into this little room where his friend was; soon after he had had his glass of ale, the other man came out and paid me for the ale; then the other went up to him again, and the prisoner met his friend, and they went in again and drank the ale; I took an opportunity to run up stairs to see whether there was anybody in that little drinking-room, nobody was there, I ran immediately to the bed-room door, and I saw the prisoner run away, I cannot say whether the door was locked or no; I immediately ran down stairs, there was a man standing at the door; I said come along with me, he ran down to the bottom of the garden, and just as we got to the bottom of the garden I saw the prisoner with a bundle under his arm, I ran after him and caught him by the flap of his coat; he said, d - n your eyes, what do you want with me? I told him I wanted my property; he immediately flung the handkerchief down, and gave me a violent blow over the head, then immediately my gardener seeing that he collared him; we brought him up to the house, and I brought the bundle under my arm which contained the things in the indictment, they were mine, they are here, the officer has them.


                  THOMAS
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner with the bundle under his arm, when my master caught hold of him.


                  JAMES
                   GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn.
I was sent for to take this prisoner into custody, Mr. Hales gave me these things, they have been in my possession ever since.
Court to Mr. Hales. Were the things you gave to the constable, the same that the bundle contained? - Yes.
(Part of the property deposed to by Mr. Hales.)


                  ANN
                   BAVERSTOCK
               



             sworn.
This handkerchief is mine, it has no mark; I cannot swear to it, but I believe it to be mine, I know some of the things are my mistress's; here is a muslin apron, which was rough dry and put by.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I did not go into the room to fetch these things out, but the other man that was in the little room fetched them out, and desired me to fetch them down myself; my friends and witnesses were to meet me tomorrow morning; he told me he had this bundle, and that it was in a closet, and the key was in the door.
Court. This is an admission of the crime; the evidence together with what the prisoner has now said, leaves you nothing to consider of at all.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Prisoner. Would your lordship admit me to go into his Majesty's service; I have always maintained a good character, I was accused by my prosecutor, who knew I had been transported once.
Owen. I do not remember him.
Prisoner. I wish to go to the Indies, if you will admit of any thing of the kind; I am brought into this by a villain.
Court. I cannot give you that indulgence.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
