





80. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CROSBY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of November
 last, six trusses of hay, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Humphreys
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   HUMPHREYS
               



             sworn.
I live at Hackney; I was sent for to the Justice's, and the prisoner was there, taken up for stealing my hay, he was then under examination; when he saw me he begged my pardon, and hoped I would forgive him.
Prisoner. I did not confess it; I said I found the hay.


                  SAMUEL
                   SIMS
               



             sworn.
I am a gardener and headborough: about two o'clock in the morning, on the 30th of November, I thought somebody was attempting to break into some of the houses opposite; I took a cutlass and went down by the side of the pales, I heard a foot step; I advanced and seized the prisoner; I asked him what he had got; he called me by my name, and bid me hold my tongue; I said it was an odd time of night to be carrying hay; he said, if I would hold my tongue he would take it back; I told him it was too late, he should not have taken it; I told him as he was a single man, it was not excusable.
What is he? - A watchman at night; he said he had five more trusses, which he had from Mr. Humphreys, and it was hay he had bound for him; I took him to the cage; he keeps a horse of his own.
(The hay deposed to by another man who bound it.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am a watchman
; I was going along and found this hay.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
