





170. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BEARD
                  



               
            . was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of December
 last, one seaman's bed, value 5 s. one woolen blanket, value 4 s. two canvas jackets, value 2 s. one pair of canvas trowsers, value 6 d. two linen shirts, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dennison
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   DENNISON
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; I lost them either the eighth or ninth, the first time I met the prisoner since we were paid off from the ship was in Ratcliffe Highway, he sailed with me as a 
shipmate


, we were paid off the the 8th of August, I asked him how he did, he said he was very poorly, he had not put a bit of bread in his mouth for two days; I said that was very hard; I kept a shop my self, and I had the misfortune to break, but however, I told him I would give him a bit of victuals as much as I could afford, and I took the prisoner home to my own house about three o'clock in the afternoon, I gave him some dinner, he seemed to eat very bearty, and was very thankful for it, he went home where he lodged, he said, he paid one shilling a week for laying on the boards, and he said it was very cold; I lent him the things mentioned in the indictment, and he staid for about a week with me, and had victuals every day, and when he went out to look for work I gave him some provision out with him; he said he had got work at a paviour's; on Sunday night my wife gave him the last halfpenny she had in the world to buy him bread, and told him, when he came home the next day to dinner, if she had any thing left he should have it. On Monday morning a little after six o'clock, I heard the street door open, it was double locked; the door stood open for some considerable time, for a few minutes; and I said, damn the fellow, he has left the street door open; and as I got up the door shut too; I went down and called to my wife, and asked her if the bed and bedding was in the one pair of stairs, she said yes; I said they were gone; and I heard no tidings of them till my wife brought the prisoner to Guildhall.


                  ELIZABETH
                   DENNISON
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner in out of charity, I let him have that bed and blankets, he said he paid one shilling a week, and had only the floor to sleep on; I thought it very hard as I had that bed to spare; I bought him a halfpenny worth of bread when I had not another halfpenny in the world, because he brought home turnips and potatoes and had no bread; I told him if he would come home at twelve o'clock the next day, I would endeavour to get something for him for dinner after his being at work, for he said he had a place at a paviour's; he never came home again, and I never saw him again till I met him on London Bridge on the Saturday after; with that I asked him how he could be so cruely after my being such a friend to him, to take these things away as I was but poor myself; he said, he knew it was very wrong, but he expected to receive some prize money, and he would make me any acknowledgement whatever I desired; but he said, he had not made away with the things, he had them all, he told me, he would take me where the things were; I said, I did not chuse to go where they were; I said, if he would go home with me to my husband he might acknowledge the things to him, with that he walked out of Tooley-street to go with me, and he came down Thames-street, then he turned up a turning where I did not know my way home, I told him it was not the way home, I had hold of him by the right arm and he shifted to the left and gave me a terrible lick on the side with his elbow, and threw out my arm; he turned down a turning where a man stood at a cart, and I bid him lay hold of that man and he did; I took him to the Lord Mayor; when he was at my Lord Mayor's, I said, I believed he had the trowsers on, and they were taken off, when my husband came, he said he knew the trowsers were his; I never found the things again.
Did you mention to him what things you had missed? - Yes.
What things did you tell him you had missed? - I asked him what he had done with the bed, he said he had got it; I mentioned the shirts, he said he had not made away with any of them, nor would on any account; I never found any thing but the trowsers.
What were these things worth together? - About nineteen shillings and six pence.
(The trowsers deposed to.)


                  JOHN
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I took charge of the prisoner, and took the trowsers off him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am in a strange place two hundred miles from home, I am a poor man and have no friends.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
