






135. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     CHESHUM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December

 last, an iron chain, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Archibald Montgomery 
                  Campbell
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  White
               



            .
And 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SHERRARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  WILLIAM
                   RUDD
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Campbell and White; I was driving their timber cart along St. Giles's, on the 27th of December, I stopped at Mr. Kirkman's to unload, in St. Giles's



, I saw the prisoner Cheshum sitting at a door; I told him if he would mind my horses, I would give him a penny; he said he would; then I unloaded, and put the chain in the box of the carriage, that is the forepart of the carriage, where there is a small place to put the things in; I went in about five minutes, and when I returned, I missed the boy and the chain; it was a little after five when I missed the chain; it was just dark; we went and searched about at the iron shops, and we went to the prisoner Sherrard's, and searched the lodging houses, and coming down Dyott-street, I met the prisoner Cheshum,we took him to Mr. Kirkman's house, and he owned every thing.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel. Before he owned every thing, what had you said to him, or any body else in your presence; had you threatened him? - No.
Had you promised him? - I cannot say; there was nobody else with Mr. Kirkman; I did not threaten him.
Did not Kirkman in your hearing? - He said something, how he should have some favour, if he told the truth.
Then the boy told you something? - Yes.
Had he told you any thing about it till Mr. Kirkman told him he should have some favour? - No.
Court. You cannot examine to a confession after that.


                  JOSEPH
                   KIRKMAN
               



             sworn.
Mr. Garrow. I understand you had some conversation with this boy, I want you to state it to my Lord and the Jury? - When we first took him in Dyott-street he denied the fact; I then took him by the collar into my parlour, and asked him whether he would be obstinate or tell the truth; he then requested I would not send him to gaol; I told him it very much depended upon that, whether he was in one story, and told the whole truth of the business; I told him if he explained the whole of the transaction, from the first to the last, that in that case, I should certainly be as favourable to him as the nature of the case would admit; till that he denied knowing any thing about it.
Mr. Garrow. I am content.
Mr. Silvester. Nothing else passed but that, with respect to promises or threats? - No.
Mr. Garrow. My Lord has decided.
Mr. Silvester. My Lord, I submit, this is not evidence of confession, but that he would be as favourable as he could; only that he would be as favourable as the law would allow; and that it is not that kind of threat which might induce a man to take upon himself a crime of which he was not guilty.
Mr. Garrow. To be sure you will take the whole together; then it stands in this way: the boy at first denied it, and, if there was any doubt of the operation the thing had on his mind, it is manifest, for the prosecutor still accuses him as a person guilty; he then stipulates, but do not take me to gaol; why, says the prosecutor, that will depend on your own conduct; now, I have understood the principle always to have been laid down in this way: that if there is any thing that operates either by threat, by menace, or promise, so that the party is seduced into saying anything by which he may accuse himself. Cases happen here constantly; such as saying, it is better for you to confess: and saying, it will depend on your explaining this, whether you go to gaol or not, has the full effect on the mind of such a boy, that the dread of hanging would have on a man of riper years. I remember a case, a man of the name of Thompson was indicted for stealing a note out of the shop of Prescott's; he was taken in the country, the man that took him in the country said to him, it will be in vain for you to deny this, for it is all known in London; there was no more, the Court were of opinion, that the man's mind was not perfectly free; I mention that as an extreme case, most certainly; but so far has the tenderness of your Lordships gone in favour of liberty and life.
Court. It is very clear, that that which a man is induced to say, either by the influence of threats and menaces, or by the influence of hopes of favour, never can be made use of against him; that is a decided principle; the only doubt that occurred to my mind, was, whether this person could, by this sort of declaration made to him by Kirkman, whether he could be said to be induced by that to say, that he is guilty; certainly he is not induced by that to say he is guilty; he is induced to tell the truth, whether that truth made for him, or againsthim; if Kirkman kept faith with him, he would be intitled to favour; nevertheless, it has been so universally held, that every thing that is drawn from a man, by the hopes of favour, or the influence of threats, whether it is within the strict terms of the engagement or not, yet, what he says, under these circumstances, shall not be received as evidence against him; and though I rather rank that for the sake of public justice, it were to be wished, that the principle should not be extended quite so large as it has been, yet I think, as it has been so extended, it would not be a prudent thing how to attempt to vary it; people must understand, that when they are talking to persons in this situation, what they say, is to come from them without any bias, or influence of hopes or favour; therefore, it is my opinion, that the evidence cannot be received.
Mr. Justice Wilson. I agree with the Lord Chief Baron; after it has been carried so far, I think it would be too much now to vary it.
Court. What proof have you of the chain coming into the hands of the other prisoner? - Only finding it there, by the boy's saying so.
Court. I do not know that this is not a case to go to the Jury against the boy; the boy is set to watch this chain, and is to be paid; in less than five minutes the boy is gone, the chain is afterwards found; perhaps it will turn out, afterwards, how this came into the hands of this man; the Jury must exercise their judgment upon it.
Kirkman. We found the chain at the prisoner Sherrard's house, in Bowl-yard, St. Giles's; it is an old iron shop; we found the chain under the counter; we took the chain and the man together; when we found the chain, I asked him how he came to buy a chain for so little money as one shilling and ten-pence halfpenny, of such lads as the prisoner, that was then with me, and another that was described to me; he said he had given the full value of it, meaning three farthings a pound, and meant to sell it for a penny; and, that it was worth no more in his shop, to sell again, than a penny a pound.
Did he say what he had given for it? - He did not.
What is your reason for supposing he gave three farthings a pound? - He said it was the value, and that he never sold such a chain for more than a penny a pound.
Did you know the weight of it? - From the boy's description it was 30 lb. we weighed it afterwards, and found it 36 lb. that is six pounds more than the boy had sold it for; we took the prisoner into custody.
Did the prisoner say of whom he bought it? - He acknowledged having bought it of the prisoner Cheshum and another; the boy was present.
Did the boy say any thing then? - No.
Mr. Garrow. Was the chain dirty or clean when you found it? - It was quite wet; it was a wet afternoon.
Did the prisoner Sherrard tell you what account these boys gave him of the manner in which they came by it? - He did not; he always contended he gave the full value for it; till on the second examination, he denied having bought it at all.
Was that examination taken in writing? - I believe it was.
The Remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex, HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 9th of JANUARY, 1788, and the following Days;
Being the SECOND SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Honourable 
                  
                     John
                      Burnell
                  



               , 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY E. HODGSON, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND; And Published by Authority.
NUMBER II. PART IV.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXVIII.

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  Samuel
                   Chesham
               



             and 
               
                  James
                   Sherrard
               



            .
Was it signed by him? - It was not.
What account did he give of its being there? - He said, at the second hearing, that the boys brought it into the shop, and that he had suspected it to be stolen; that he desired them to leave it, and, if it was not owned in two or three days, he would buy it, but that he had not then given any thing for it. (The chain produced and deposed to.) Here is the point of the hook bent; a notch in the chain, that was cut one day going down the hill.
Is not that a common thing to happen to a chain? - That might happen to any other chain; I can swear to the chain.
Kirkman. I do not know the weight of it.
Jury. The chain is as good as new.
PRISONER CHESHUM's DEFENCE.
The boy took it, and then he called me to take it; says he, old one, come and take this chain; says I, what is it? says he, I am going to sell it in this yard, at an ironmonger's shop; says I, I will stop at the door till you come out, and he gave me some money; I do not know whether it was for the chain, or what it was; I believe my mother is out at the door.
Court is prisoner Sherrard. You are charged with buying a very useful chain, weighing 36 lb. capable of doing a great deal of service, of two boys that could not be supposed but to have stolen it; how can you justify such a conduct as that?
PRISONER SHERRARD's DEFENCE.
About five, on the 27th of December, this lad and another came in with a chain, they threw it on the counter; I was in the parlour, at tea, with a friend of mine; we had been drinking tea some time; they asked me if I would buy it? I said no, I would not; and I asked them how theycame by it; they said, it had been dropped by a timber carriage, in Broad St. Giles's; I said, I should not buy it; says the boy, if you will not buy it, I will leave it by G - d; and he threw it on the counter; I said, if you do prove that it is found, and is honestly come by, in a day or two, I will buy it, if you find no owner; but I mean to advertise it first; Freeman, Mr. Kirkman, and this boy came in; they said, they had a search-warrant, and they took me in custody; and Freeman and Kirkman ran behind my counter, and trod on the chain; they took it and me to the justice; Mitchell, and Treadway, and another, staid on my premises, while they took me to the office; I told them I had not bought it, that I had not had it in my possession half an hour; and the two boys did come in with the chain, and I stopped it, and told them I would not buy it; there never was any such word mentioned any where, that I had given the full value for it. I wish to call one 
               
                  George
                   Vernon
               



            .


                  GEORGE
                   VERNON
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 6, Pultney-court, Broad-street, Carnaby-market; I am a shoemaker; I am acquainted with the prisoner Sherrard; I was at his house the day after boxing-day in the Christmas week.
Mr. Garrow. What, Christmas-boxing do you mean? - Yes; when we had done tea we went into the shop; and a boy came in with a chain; he asked Sherrard to buy it; Sherrard asked him how he came by it; the boy said he found it in Broad St. Giles's; he saw it drop from a timber cart; Mr. Sherrard said, he doubted he did not find it; he said, he would keep it two or three days, and if not advertised, he would buy it; Sherrard took the chain, and threw it under the counter; after the boy went out, Mr. Sherrard said, he doubted he did not come honestly by it; the boy went away while I continued there; I went away before the officers came; while I staid, he did not buy it, nor did any money pass; I heard all that passed between them.
Mr. Silvester. What are you? - A shoe-maker.
So you and Mr. Sherrard immediately suspected the boys did not come honestly by this chain? - I did not; Mr. Sherrard said so.
How came you not to stop the boys? - I do not know, it was not my business; I did not know any thing of the affair; I did not attempt to stop either of the boys, nor did Mr. Sherrard; the boys went out of the shop.
He did not lay hold of the boys at all? - No, Sir.
How many boys were there? - One, Sir.
Only one boy? - No, Sir.
No money passed? - No.
The money was not divided between any body? - I do not know about money; I saw no money pass.
Where was you all this time? - I was in Mr. Sherrard's back parlour at tea, but after I had done tea, I came out of the parlour into the shop, and was going away; I did not take much notice of the boy; I do not think that is the boy; I am sure that is not the boy; he was a lesser boy than that.
How many chains were in Mr. Sherrard's shop that day? - I cannot tell.
But you are sure that is not the boy? - Yes.


                  ALICE
                   SHERRARD
               



             sworn.
I know nothing of the chain; I went to fetch my brother and Vernon from the public-house, and Vernon drank tea there; and when they had drank tea, they went into the shop together; I do not know any thing further; I was about my business.
Prisoner Sherrard. When Mr. Kirkman went to Mr. Walker's; he said, your Lordship, I have undertaken another job; I believe I shall be a thief-catcher in time; I have transported once or twice; pray, gentlemen, says he to Mr. Fletcher, who are the Grand Jury this sessions; I will take care there shall be a bill found, dependupon it, Mr. Walker, you will succeed in your business, I do not doubt.
Court. Did all that pass.
Kirkman. It is altogether false; the officers are in Court somewhere, that were present as well as the carter; I beg they may be called.
You say this did not pass? - No such thing.
You did say in your examination that the prisoner when first you went in, and had asked how he could buy the chain of these boys? said to you, that he had given the full value of it; now, recollect yourself, what he did he say? - He said, he had given the full value of it.
Did he at that time say any thing to you, of his having stopped the chain till there would be an owner for it? - He did not till afterwards before the Justice.
The prisoner Sherrard called four witnesses to his character.


                  SAMUEL
                   CHESHAM
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .





               Whipped
            .


                  JAMES
                   SHERRARD
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Lord Chief Baron.
