





813. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LAWRENCE
                  



               
             (a negro) was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Luke 
                           M'Carty
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of one in the night, on the 15th day of August
 last, and feloniously stealing therein one silver watch, value 40 s. one steel chain, value 1 s. one pair of leather shoes, value 1 s. one pair of plated shoe buckles, value 2 s. and eighteen guineas, value 18 l. 18 s.
             the property of the said Luke.
The witnesses examined apart at the request of Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel.


                  LUKE
               


             M'CARTY sworn.
I am a publican
 in East Smithfield
; I went to bed about twelve, and fastened the street door, I was the last person up; there are two doors in the front, and I locked them both very secure; I missed the property about four, we generally open house between four and five; my wife generally looks in my pockets for change, and she asked me if I left any money in my breeches pockets; I told her I left eighteen guineas and a silver watch in my breeches pocket in my bedchamber, and my shoes and buckles also; my bedchamber was in front on the first floor, and I found the chamber door open; I cannot swear whether I locked it or not: when I went down stairs no part of my house was broke, but the back window was open: there is a wall where a man could get over, where I think the thief got in, it opens into the back room, right opposite my room door.
Court. Do you recollect whether that window was shut or not? - No, I do not; I had a black boy, and I took him into custody on suspicion, and upon something I heard respecting this prisoner, I took him into custody.
Had you ever seen him at your house with the black boy? - Yes, very often.
When did you take him up? - The same afternoon; I took him right facing my door, at the eating house; he had the watch and shoes upon him: he said before the Magistrate that this black boy conveyed them out of the window to him; he owned to fourteen guineas; he had changed my buckles and bought a new pair, and a new chain to my watch.
Mr. Garrow. I suppose your first suspicion was, that the boy had robbed you, and thrown up the window by way of trick? - Yes.
Did the boy tell you any thing about it? - He denied it.
You did not find any part of your house broke at all? - No, I cannot tell whether the back window was broke open or not.
Before this poor fellow had been before the Magistrate, had not he been told that he should be hanged? - I do not know.
Did not you, or somebody else in your hearing, say to the prisoner over and over again, that if he would tell all he knew, it would be better for him? - I never heard anything of the kind.
Did you hear somebody say to him, if you will tell all about it you shall not be hurt? - They might say so.
But did not they? - They might.


                  JOHN
                   HASTINGS
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 28, East Smithfield; I knew the prisoner had been about the place for several days before the robbery, and that day he came into my house to dinner, and was bragging he had bought a new watch, I observed he had it in his pocket, and he was shewing it; the watch was handed from one to another, and to me, in the mean while the officers came and took him, and I carried the watch after him. He followed no kind of business; he has been in the sea-faring life.
Mr. Garrow. Before this supposed robbery, did you suppose him a fool? - No.
Did not he pass for a poor miserable man? - He was a man very sensible, what I have heard of his conversat ion.


                  JOHN
                   PINCHAM
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner and searched him, I found nothing about him at all, only I took this watch to Mr. Hastings, and the prisoner claimed a right to it, and said he bought it of a Jew.
Court to Hastings. Is this the watch? - Yes, I saw him take it out of his pocket.
(The watch and the shoes deposed to by the Prosecutor.)


                  PETER
                   MAYNE
               



             sworn.
I produce a pair of shoes, which I took off the prisoner's feet, which the prosecutor swore to be his property.
Mr. Garrow. Was it you that gave the instructions for the indictment? - Me, Sir!
Why you heard my question, Sir? - I did, Sir.
You directed it should be for a burglary, Mr. Mayne? - I did, Sir.
Let us know a little of your law; what induced you to give instructions for a burglary, where there was no house-breaking? - Undoubtedly, there must be an entering.
Undoubtedly, Mr. Mayne! and, so you, one of the thief-takers of East Smithfield, gave directions for an indictment for a burglary; now, I ask you upon your oath, was not it with a view for the reward? - Undoubtedly, I look for the reward, if I was to say to the contrary I should tell a falsity; I think it is every honest man's place to take up such people.
Court. There is no reflection on Mayne.


                  JOHN
                   STOUT
               



             sworn.
I was sent for by Mr. M'Carty to know if I knew the watch, and this is the watch.
Prisoner. I leave it all to the Council.


                  ALEXANDER
                   CLARK
               



             sworn.
I know nothing of the man, but he left a trifle of money in my hands, he left seven pounds odd in my hands.
Court. When? - I do not know really the time, it was upon a Monday.
Was it before or after this happened to Mr. M'Carty? - I cannot recollect the day.
Mr. Garrow. How long have you known him? - About two or three months; he always behaved very honest to me.
An honest, harmless, poor creature, I belive. - I never saw any thing else by him.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
