





24. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PERRY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
 last, two Cod fish, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Karney
                  




               
            .


                  PATRICK
                   KARNEY
               



             sworn.
I have a stall; and sell fish in Oxford-road; I lost cod fish at different times; on the 16th of November I lost two cod fish, the prisoner is the man that took them; I took them from him; I was a good distance from him, giving a gentleman change for a guinea; I saw the prisoner at the stall; the man went from the stall; and these three fish were gone; I pursued him, and asked him if he was on the other side of the way? no, says he; he gave me bad language; says I, I think you are the very man I saw taking the fish; two gentlemen came, and we laid hold of him, and found the two large fish in his breast; I could distinguish them to be my own property; I bought them the same day; not six minutes before I saw the man taking them.
Jury. Are you sure you saw him taking the fish from your stall? - Yes; he owned them himself at the Justice's.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went into a publick house as I was coming from my work, and I stood by his fish stall; says he, you rascal, what are you doing? - Says I, no offence; he took me by the collar, and took me into a publick house; he let me go, then he followed me about ten yards; and caught hold of my collar, and said, if I did not give him the fish he would take me to the Justice; I had no property at all about me; nor I never took his fish.
Prosecutor. He owned at the Justice's that he took them; I gave a shilling a piece for them.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
