








421. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SPENCER
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PEARCE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     LEE
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DUTTON
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of April
 last, one looking-glass, in a wooden frame, value 10 s. one clock, value 40 s. and four brass locks, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Groom
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   GROOM
               



             sworn.
I live in Clerkenwell; I lost some things from an apartment that I had lived in prior to Christmas last; I was informed that some of my property was found; I went to Bow-street, and there I saw a clock, which was my property; it was last Thursday was three weeks; there was a mark on the looking-glass as I had marked.


                  MOSES
                   MORANT
               



             sworn.
On Thursday morning, the 6th of April last, about eight, I received information of all the four prisoners being at No. 8, George-court, Field-lane; we took them all into custody; we found the clock, and looking-glass, and these things there; the men were standing behind the women at the fire-place; the prisoners said they did not live in the room, nor belong to it; that the room belonged to one Jack; the clock was upon the bed, and the looking-glass at the side of the room.

Court to Prosecutor. When did you miss the property? - About an hour before I heard of it; Townshend informed me of it; I saw the things the day before.


                  JOHN
                   TOWNSHEND
               



             sworn.
I belong to Bow-street; I gave information that morning to Mr. Groom; I met Morant and Jealous, when I was going to have them apprehended.
Prisoner. Before the magistrate the prosecutor said, he saw the things on the Tuesday.
Prosecutor. I might have said so in the multiplicity of business.
Will you undertake to say with certainty now, whether it was the Tuesday or Wednesday? - Upon my word I will not.
How far is Field-lane from the place where these things were lost? - I should suppose not above half a mile.
Was your house broke open with any violence? - No.
How was it opened? - I cannot say, unless it was by a picklock key; I have not lived in it for six weeks.
It is uninhabited? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   SPENCER
               



            'S DEFENCE.
I met this young man the prisoner Pearce; I knew him before; he took me in this room and these people came and took me.
PRISONER PEARCE'S DEFENCE.
I met the other prisoner, and asked him to step along with me to this room, and these people came and took me.
PRISONER LEE'S DEFENCE.
I went to see a young woman in the two pair of stairs room that was sick.
PRISONER DUTTON'S DEFENCE.
I went to see a young woman that was sick.
To Prosecutor. Did you lock the door or not? - I locked it when I left the house; but my son was there since I was there.
ALL FOUR 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 





               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
