





150. 
               
                  WM. 
                  COOMBES
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th of Dec.
 last, one wooden trunk, value 2 s. two pair of cotton stockings, value 6 s. one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 14 s. one pair of stuff shoes, value 4 s. one pair of pattens, value 14 d. one cotton gown, value 6 s. one linen apron, value 3 s. three linen aprons, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Palmer
                  




               
            , spinster.


                  JAMES
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I was going in Watling-street


, about eight, on the 20th of December, the Bath and Bristol coach passed by me, and the prisoner was running after it, and the coach stopped immediately, and the prisoner got up to the basket of the coach and took up a box; I saw him coming off the basket, he fell down to the ground with a box, and I stopped him as he was going off with the box; and he dropped the box, when I had hold of him another man came up the same way and rescued him from me: he ran up Watling-street towards Friday-street; I saw Mr. Brown, a cheesemonger that is now in court at his door, and I cried, Stop thief! and he let him go, and turning into Distaff-lane; I lost sight of him; there was no person but the prisoner, this Mr. Brown and me; he was brought back in about ten minutes.
Are you sure that the man that you saw brought back, was the man that you saw take the box? - Yes I fixed upon him immediately out of a great number of people; I likewise said, he must be dirty, because he was on the ground, I went and pulled his cloaths back, and he was all dirty.
Should you have known him if he had not been dirty? - Yes, I saw his person, he had on an oil skin round hat, and a rough waistcoat.
Prisoner's Council. When was it that you began to take this very particular notice of the man? - When he got on the basket.
I believe it was quite dark? - About eight at night, a lightish night; the prisoner was opposite a lamp, and when he ran past the cheesemonger's shop, I saw him as plain as if it was the middle of the day.


                  WILLIAM
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I heard the cry of, Stop thief! and the prisoner ran by, I went to lay hold of him, and he cried, Stop thief! that prevented me from taking hold of him; I and some more pursued him, and he took down Friday-street, and Great Distaff-lane, and across Fifth-street, and was taken on Labour-in-Vain-hill; I did not see him stopped, I lost sight of him, but I saw him brought back.
Court. Was the man that was brought back the same man that you saw at first? Yes.
What opportunity had you of observing him at first? - Our window is a bow window, and there are three candles in the front of the window, and a lamp over the door, and a lamp opposite, and I stood upon the flagstone at the door.
Then there was a strong light? - Yes.
Prisoner's Council. What cloaths had the prisoner on? - A brown coat, and a shining hat covered with oil cloth, I am positive he is the man.
Court to Mr. White. What became of the man that rescued the prisoner? - He did not run that way.
What became of the box? - The coachman picked up the box I believe, I did not see it picked up.



                  GEORGE
                   BRUCKER
               



             sworn.
I was sitting in my father's compting-house, in Little Distaff-lane, on the 20th of December, I heard a cry of Stop thief! and I ran and came up with the prisoner, who was also crying Stop thief! and we ran twenty yards together: when we came to the bottom of the lane, I asked him which way he was gone, he made a motion with his hand that he was gone to Doctor's Commons, but when we came there he ran the other way: then I suspected him; I ran after him, then thinking he was the thief, and caught him near the bottom of Labour in vain-hill; we took him to the Three Cups, where White immediately knew him, and said, if it was the man, he must be dirty on the knee, and his knee was dirty.


                  WILLIAM
                   SPOTT
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I only saw the prisoner brought along the street, and I followed him, I went to the Three Cups, and when White came he picked him out immediately, I have the box here.
Court. Who brought you the box? - The book-keeper or master of the inn.
Mr. White. I will swear it is the same box, I saw it when he dropped it.
(The things deposed to.)
Mrs. Palmer. I had been into Devonshire to see my friends, and I came back by the Bristol and Bath stage, I was an outside passenger, on the roof, my box was in the basket, when I came to the inn, I missed my box, and I saw my box in the street, and I called to the coachman, and said that is my box; the coachman is not in town.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
When White came into the Three Cups, he asked which was the prisoner, he said, if I was the person, I must be all over dirt, there was no dirt about me but a few spots behind, it was a rainy night, there was no dirt on my breeches: my master has been waiting ever since Wednesday. White said, he would serve me as one Sideaway was served.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
