






214. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HALES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     AARON 
                     WRIGHT
                  



               
             were indicted, for 


               stealing, on the 28th day of January
, sixty pounds weight of lead, the property of the 
                     
churchwardens
 of St. Dunstan, Stebonheath alias Stepney






                  , affixed to the parish church of the said parish
            .
PHILEMON CHALK sworn.
I am churchwarden of the Hamlet of Mile End Old Town; the parish of St. Dunstan is divided into four hamlets, and there is a churchwarden of each hamlet; Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Taylor
               



             is for another hamlet, and Mr. - Hitch for another, Mr. 
               
                  Henry
                   Eyre
               



             is for the fourth (Mile End New Town.)
How is the vestry repaired? - At the expence of the parish at large. On the 28th of January one Turner gave me information of the loss of the lead.


                  WILLIAM
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I live at Stepney, I am a mariner, on the 28th of January between eight and nine at night, I came past Stepney church, I thought I heard a noise and I went into the church yard, there was a light at the top of the church; I went to a corner of the church, and I heard Mathews the grave digger say here they are, we then went to the top of the church through the steeple, and I saw the two prisoners on the top of the vestry in the gutter.


                  RICHARD
                   KINGWELL
               



             sworn.
I was coming through the church yard on the 28th between eight and nine, and I heard an uncommon noise as if bricks were falling; I went to the watchman, and he came, and just as we came, we saw bricks and mortar falling, Gardner and the other man Mathews, I left to look out; I went to get a pistol, which I did, and then Mathews went and got the keys of the church, we went up to the top, and we saw the prisoners lying in the gutter; we secured them, and took them to the watch-house; the next day I went to see where the lead was cut from, and the tiles were taken from off the window, and the lead was ripped and turned from the window, I know no more about it.

Cross-examined by Mr. Peatt.
Did you know the persons of the prisoners? - No, I never saw them before.
Is the vestry high or low? - It is not high or low.
Can a person get up without a ladder? - No.
You did not watch in the church-yard all night? - No, the watchman did.
Have not you seen lead ripped or turned up by the wind? - Not in that manner.


                  EDWARD
                   MATHEWS
               



             sworn.
I was with the last witness when he went up, I received information from the watchman, I went and got the keys, and when we got up to the top of the church, I saw the two prisoners lying in the gutter, and we took them and secured them.
Mr. Peatt. Did you find any thing on the prisoners when you took them, any tools or implements? - No.


                  RICHARD
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I went with other people up to the top, and there I saw the two prisoners, I found a pair of pincers, and in the church-yard I found this bag; we secured the prisoners.


                  JAMES
                   BOSWELL
               



             sworn.
I know the christian name of Mr. Hitch, it is William.
The prisoner Wright called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
The prisoner Hales called one witness to his character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
