






387. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     FISHER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MOUNTAIN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thomas
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night, on the 23d day of February
, and burglariously stealing therein, one cloth coat, value 7 s. one cloth waistcoat, value 2 s. two woollen blankets, value 7 s. two pillows, value 2 s. three pillow cases, value 1 s. 6 d. one linen shift, value 1 s. two sheets, value 1 s. one mahogany tea chest, value 4 s. three cannisters, value 3 s. one linen and woollen quilt, value 2 s. three linen caps, value 1 s. one cotton handkerchief, value 4 d. fourteen silk thrums, value 4 s. two pair of sleeves, value 6 d. one pair of gloves, value 1 d. four clouts, value 10 d. one linen towel, value 2 d. one paper snuff box, value 2 d. one pair of silver sleeve buttons, value 18 d. one silver breast buckle, value 6 d. one box, value 2 s. and a piece of silk, value 3 s. his property
            .


                  JOHN
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
I live in St. John-street, Bethnall Green


, I rent half a house, and live in it; on the 23d of February last, I was robbed; I went out at two, and left my wife and family at home; about seven o'clock my wife sent to me, and I came home, and found the lock was broke off the kitchen door, and the street door was forced open; I live in the lower apartments, a family has the other two stories: the prisoner Mountain was brought to my house about eight the same evening.


                  MARY
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
I am wife of the last witness; on the 23d of February, I went out about seven minutes after five.
Was it then dark? - No; I left the door on the latch; I came home a little before seven, and found the street door wide open, and the kitchen door wide open, and my property gone; the lock of the street door was forced open from without, my property was brought back to me.


                  JAMES
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
I am a beadle of St. Mary, Whitechapel, on the 23d of February, I was going about to deliver my precepts, for our headboroughs to go to Hick's-hall, and in Three-tun-alley, Whitechapel, just after seven, I saw the two prisoners and another boy; I never saw the prisoners before, one had a box and the other a bag, I think it was Mountain, and Fisher I think to the best of my knowledge, had a large bundle upon his head; this was half a mile from the prosecutor's: they both said a man employed them to take those things to Mrs. Cook's, and was to give them six-pence a piece; they could not tell me where they brought them from, but said they would shew me, I took them to the watch-house, and Mountain took me to the prosecutor's house, and they were in great confusion; I left the other boy locked up at the watch-house; the prosecutor came and swore to the property, I have had it ever since; they said two men employed them to carry the things, but they should not know them.
(The things deposed to.)


                  CHARLES
                   EARLE
               



             sworn.
I am another beadle; Mathews brought in the prisoners, and I went with him to the prosecutor's house, and found it as he has told you.

PRISONER FISHER's DEFENCE.
To tell you the plain truth, I was going to my grandfather's, and two men offered us six-pence to carry these things, I did not know them but by their dress.
BOTH 


               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
