





857. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHELBURNE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th day of July
, four pounds weight of tobacco, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ralph 
                     Clay
                  




               
            .


                  RALPH
                   CLAY
               



             sworn.
I was walking round by the warehouse, the 15th of July, I met the prisoner and Mr. Hooper, who is the King's locker, they was scuffling together, the man was trying to get away from him, I laid hold of him, and took this tobacco from him; I found the hogshead, that I could swear to the tobacco, being of a particular sort; the head of the hogshead was broke open.


                  THOMAS
                   HOOPER
               



             sworn.
I followed this man, and laid hold of him; I saw the tobacco in his bosom, between his shirt and his skin: he is a labouring man that works in the warehouse, he wanted to get away, but I kept him, and we took the tobacco from him.
( 
               
                  Matthew
                   Brigs
               



             called, but did not appear.)
Did you go into the warehouse? - I was in the other house, and the lad came to me.
Court. Are those warehouse that are under the King's locks left open? - They are open during the legal hours, from six to six.
Did there appear any vacancy? - Yes, a great deal more was gone, another man escaped, that was loaded at the same time.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming out to get some refreshment, and I came into the street, and saw this tobacco lay, and put it into my bosom, and I was stopped: I was going to bring it back when I had got some refreshement. I belong to the Coldstream regiment of guards, and they are always upon duty.
Court. What company do you belong to? - General 
               
                  Trylawney
               


            's.


                  MATTHEW
                   BRIGGS
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner go out of the ware house, with a great quantity of tobacco between his shirt and his skin, I was in the warehouse, he passed by me, and I went and told Mr. Hooper.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
