






652. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     DUDGEON
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     GARTH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th day of August
 last, nine guineas, value 9 l. 9 s. and one half-guinea, value 10 s. 6 d. the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Waterhouse
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   WATERHOUSE
               



             sworn.
I missed the nine guineas and a half on the 19th of August last, between three and four in the afternoon on Tuesday, to the best of my knowledge, I came from Plymouth the day before, I landed in Piccadilly, coming with my bundle, I made the best of my way up St. Giles's, and at the end of Banbury-street, I saw the prisoners at the bar, they called me over and asked me, whether I was Bill Waterhouse or no, and I told them yes, they knew me, and they asked me, if I would give them any thing to drink, and I said yes, and they took me into the Two Brewers in Banbury-street


, and I called for a pot of ale, and after that another, and another, and another; I sent for my friend 
               
                  Edward
                   Whiteham
               



            , before I was too much in liquor, he came, and we drank about four or five pots of ale; then my friend he took me out of that house, and carried me about one hundred yards further to another alehouse, the Cart and Horses, in the same street, and these girls came after me, and called me to the door and said, they wanted to speak to me, for there was a pot of ale to pay for; I left my friend with my bundle, and I went with them and said, well, then I will have another pot, never mind it, and I paid for them and we had a drop of gin afterwards; and afterwards I was so much in liquor, that she told me, if I would go and lay down upon her bed a little bit, I should be reconciled, that was the prisoner Dudgeon; they took me out of that same Two Brewers, right over there was a house, and I went up two pair of stairs, I laid myself down and she tumbled along-side of me, and the other girl sat in a chair at the foot of the bed.
You did not undress yourself, did you? - No, Sir.
When did you miss your money? - Before I went to sleep, she asked me for a shilling; I laid with her, Sir, that is the woman there, the little one; I was waked by two men, I cannot judge how long I slept, because I was so very much in liquor, it might be an hour, or an hour and an half; the women were gone, these were two men belonging to the house, who came and told me, I must not be there; after I paid for my reckoning, I counted nine guineas and a half in gold, and some silver, but I cannot tell how much; just before I went up with the prisoner, when the man came and waked me, I put my hand in my fob and I found I had no money, and I put my hand in my breeches pocket, and found I had only two bad halfpence and one good one; I had left my friend at the Cart and Horses and I run away to him directly, and he said, Bill hold your tongue, I will try and see about it: I am very punctual to the girls; my friend went to look for them, and he found Dudgeon under a bed in another room, and another woman a top of her; I saw the prisoner Dudgeon the same night I was robbed, and went to the Justice.
Did you search her? - No, she was searched, she swore bitterly she had not the money.
Court. Have you any thing more to say on this subject? - No, I have no more, only I want my money, the officer has got seven pounds two shillings and sixpence, he took from one of them; I heard a very good character of that there tall body; that is all.
Prisoner Dudgeon to Prosecutor. Did I take you out of the place, or did you follow me?
Prosecutor. Hold your tongue you fool, can't you, I do not want to hurt you, I only want my money.
Prisoner Garth. Did not I leave the room immediately.
Prosecutor. She sat at the foot of the bed in a little low chair.


                  EDWARD
                   WHITEHAM
               



             sworn.
Do you remember being in company with 
               
                  William
                   Waterhouse
               



             on the 19th of August? - Yes, this Waterhouse met these two girls and asked for me, and the prisoner Garth came for me, I went with her, and I saw Waterhouse and he was in liquor, and he had a linen bag with his clothes and things in it; I said, I do not like the company let us go; no, stop says he, I mean to be gay, I took the bag under my arm, and I got him to my own house, and I sent my own daughter with the bag into the room; he called for a pot of beer, these two prisoners came and beckoned him, and said; he had not paid for a pot of beer, he said, my dear girls, I do not mean to leave you a pot of beer to pay, and he went with them and did not return, and sometime after I heard that he was robbed: I went down after him, and found him in the street just like a mad fellow; we went to the room, and a little girl came and gave me intelligence where the prisoner Dudgeon was in a little house in the back room; I knocked at the door, and a man who was in the room, said who is there, I said, a friend, he said, you cannot come in, I said, why not; and in about 4 or 5 minutes the man opened the door; there was no light, this was towards the evening; there was a man stood by the window, and a woman and child sat on the bed, I took and turned up the bed, and there underneath the bed I found 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Dudgeon
               



            : A constable came and I gave her in charge, and there was no property found upon her, and he searched the room besides. The other was not there: Collins went and found the prisoner Garth, and brought me six guineas and a half in gold, four shillings and two sixpences, the money was left at the Justice's till they found the prisoner; I found him the same night, the money was found on Garth; and more than that she swallowed eight guineas that night, and took physick and brought them from her.
Was there any promises made to her or threats? - Nothing in the world said.


                  WILLIAM
                   COLLINS
               



             sworn.
I attend Mr. Walker's Office, the last witness informed me of a sailor that was robbed, and I went with him and searched the prisoner Garth, and I found this money in her pocket, six guineas and a half, four shillings and two sixpences.
PRISONER DUDGEON'S DEFENCE.
I was along with three more girls, one of them knew the prosecutor, and said, Bill how are you, says he, will you go and have something to drink, and I stood at the corner; I dare say he had ten pots of ale and then six pennyworth of gin and water; he left us for about an hour, he afterwards came out of the Cart and Horses, says her I told you, I would be there in an hour's time; he followed us to the Two Brewers: I went out of the door and went up stairs, I was so much in liquor I sat down, I remember he gave me a shilling, and he laid down on the bed, and I laid down; I never shut the door, and I got up in about an hour, and I was very sick and very dry, the shilling he gave me was taken out of my pocket, I got a pint of small beer upon trust; as for 
               
                  Susannah
                   Garth
               



            , I never saw her in the room, nor did not know she was in the room.
PRISONER GARTH'S DEFENCE.
I never saw the man, he was not nigh me; as for the money that was found on me a first-couzen of mine came home from sea on Wednesday, and I went to the Pay Office and received it; and he said, he would give me some more; I have nobody to my character but God and you, I have not a friend in the world.


                  ELIZABETH
                   DUDGEON
               



            , 
               
                  SSUSANNAH
                   GARTH
               



            ,




               GUILTY Of stealing but not privily
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Mr. Sheriff Taylor to Prosecutor. Take your money again my friend.
Court to Prosecutor. Take care how you get into such company again; you owe the return of the money to the generosity of the Sheriff.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
