






586. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CONJUIT
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  ELIZABETH, wife

 of 
                     
                        JOHN 
                        WOOD
                     







            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a pair of silk stockings, value 7 s. a pair of cotton ditto, value 3 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        Isaac 
                        Garner
                     




                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  ISAAC
                   GARNER
               



             sworn.
I live near Shoreditch turnpike


; I am a hosier
; I was not at home at the time the robbery happened; I only speak to the property.


                  ELIZABETH
                   GARNER
               



             sworn.
On the 19th of August
, the two prisoners came into our shop; I never saw them before; I was in the shop; the prisoner Wood asked for men's ribbed cotton stockings; I shewed them some at three shillings and six-pence a pair; they did not like the rib; I shewed them another, but they were not fine enough; then the prisoner Conjuit said there is a pair at the corner of the window, of dark stockings with clocks, which we wish to look at; while I was getting them, I saw the tall prisoner take the pair of cotton; I did not see her take the pair of silk; I asked her four shillings for the dark stockings; she bid me three shillings; I told her we did not deal in that manner; then she bid me six-pence more; I saw the cotton stockings under her arm; I did not see the silk stockings till I came round the counter; she had put the cotton stockings under her cloak; under her right arm, but covered them quite; I took them from her; she gave me bad language; they were both in liquor; she swore, but I cannot recollect the words: the prisoner Wood dropped the silk stockings from her left side, when I shook her; andthe little prisoner took them up, and said are these yours? I said yes; and sent for an officer; he told me to take them into the parlour and search them; I found nothing but duplicates of four pair of stockings pawned that day; I never saw the prisoners before; I saw the silk stockings ten minutes before they came in; they hung on a line at the door and the cotton next to them; the prisoners were twenty minutes in the shop after I began to suspect them; I looked sharp, and saw the prisoner Wood take the cotton stockings.
Court. What distance from the line was the prisoner? - About two yards.
Was it possible these stockings could be shook off the line? - I was on the opposite side of the shop, towards the top, and the line was at the door; I gave the stockings to the officer, and he gave them to me again; I have kept them till this morning.
(The stockings produced and deposed to.)


                  JAMES
                   SHAKESHAFT
               



             sworn.
I returned the same stockings again to Mrs. Garner.
PRISONER WOOD's DEFENCE.
I went to buy my husband a pair of stocings; I asked for a pair of mottled stockings with clocks; she shewed me one pair: I told her, they were too good; she said she missed a pair of stockings; she ran from behind the counter, and shook me in such a manner, whether they fell down or not, I cannot say; I sell things in the streets.
PRISONER CONJUIT's DEFENCE.
I went with this Mrs. Wood to buy a pair of stockings; I had the child in my arms, I saw a pair of silk stockings laying, the child took them up, and gave them to the prosecutrix, the prosecutrix bid me go; she said she said she had nothing against me, I would not go out, the officer came and took us both.
Prosecutrix. I stopped her, and would not let her go, I locked her in, she said she had left half a guinea over the way.
ELIZABETH GILL sworn.
I know 
               
                  Sarah
                   Conjuit
               



             from a baby; and her mother and father are very honest industrious, good people; her poor mother lays almost dead in the yard now; I cannot say I ever knew any thing against her till now; she has been a girl on the town, misfortunate, but nothing else.
BOTH 


               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not privately
            .
The Prosecutrix recommended the prisoners to the mercy of the Court.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


