





88. 
               
                  OATEN 
                  BATLY
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th day of November
 last, one silver watch, value 40 s. one silver seal, value 1 s. and one steel chain, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Purvin
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            .
(The witnesses examined apart, at the request of the prisoner.)


                  JOHN
                   PURVIN
               



             sworn.
On Monday the 10th of November I was in Cheapside


, between one and two o'clock; I was standing at the top of Queen-street


, and a man came thronging before me, I told him I thought there was no reason for it; he went into the midst of the street, immediately a man collared him, and said something of a watch; I recollected I had not put the chain of my watch in about five minutes before, and I found my watch was gone; I went up to the man that collared the prisoner, and said, I could describe the marks of my watch; I did so, and it proved to be my watch.
You did not perceive him take it from you? - No, I did not, I had no certain knowledge of it at the time, nor did I miss it for a few minutes after.
Is the watch in Court? - Yes, I left it in the hands of a friend, as my health is but very indifferent, his name is 
               
                  Robert
                   Hinxman
               



            , he gave it me again.


                  ROBERT
                   HINXMAN
               



             sworn.
Did you return the prosecutor the same watch he gave you? - Yes.

(The watch produced and deposed to.)
Prosecutor. There is a cypher on the back, with two initial letters on the out-staircase; the maker's name is Blagden, Chichester: the watch has been in my possession these twenty years.
Prisoner. Did the gentleman take the watch from me? - I cannot say for certain how I came by the watch again.


                  THOMAS
                   HAINS
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner take the watch out of that gentleman's pocket, and I took hold of him immediately with the watch in his left hand; I did not take the watch from him, he attempted to put it in the waistband of his trowsers; the gentleman came in front, and he laid hold of the chain of the watch, and he said that is my watch, I will swear to it.
You are sure you saw him take it? - I am sure I did.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never had the watch in my hand, there was another man they took hold of as well as me. The captain of a ship I belonged to has been here these two days.




               GUILTY. Of stealing but not privily
            .




               Transported for seven Years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
