





452. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SALT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of May
 last, one hundred and twelve pounds weight of lead, value 16 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Joseph Baydon 
                           Newditch
                        




                     
                  , then and there fixed to a certain building of his, against the statute
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Silvester.)


                  JAMES
                   BUTLER
               



             sworn.
I am a gardener to Mr. 
               
                  Joseph
                   Baydon Newditch
               



            , he lives at Mount House, near Barnet


, he has a green-house there; I missed the lead on Saturday the 23d of May, early in the morning; I am lure it was lost that night, between the 22dand 23d, because I found a piece of the lead that was dropped on the gravel-walk, which was not there the night before; I locked up and missed all the ridge off the green-house, I packed them over the pales through the kitchen garden; I was present when the lead was brought back by Lucy, the officer, I have no doubt but it was the same lead, I saw it fitted as to the nail-hooks and everything.


                  MICHAEL
                   WARD
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner, he brought the lead down the 27th of May to Mr. Pellett's, to whom I am a servant, I took it in and weighed it; it weighed one hundred two quarters and twenty-four-pounds, I gave the weight in to Mr. Pellett's clerk, I believe he was paid sixteen shillings per hundred, I did not see him paid; Lucy came in an hour after; it was all wet, and we had no other wet lead in the premises; I marked it before I delivered it.
Prisoner. It was among three ton weight.
How long was it? - I cannot say, there was no other wet lead in the place.


                  JOHN
                   LUCY
               



             sworn.
On the morning of the 27th of May, I received information that Mr. Salt was in town with a cart with something in a sack, and that he had gone with his cart to Mr. Pellett's, an ironmonger in St. John-street; I went there to know what he had brought, and they said he had brought a quantity of lead; I desired to see it; I saw a quantity of lead laying wet and dirty, which the man said the prisoner had brought there; I saw Mr. Pellett, and told him my suspicion; Mr. Pellett ordered it to be marked and brought to my house, then I went to Barnet and enquired, and was further informed; I met the prisoner and the cart on Finchly Common; I secured him; coming along to town in the coach, he asked me if I could get him admitted King's evidence; the next morning he jumped out, and endeavoured to make his escape; and he endeavoured a second time to make his escape, and struck at me several times; he then asked me if I could get him admitted an evidence; I took him before Mr. Justice Trignet; the Justice asked him how he came by that lead; he said he had had it in his well a year and a quarter, that was the reason he gave for its being so wet, when he sold it; I then took the lead down to Mount House in the chaise, and in the presence of Mr. Lambert, and Butler the gardener, I fixed it to the place from whence it apparently came from; it is the same length and width as the premises, and the same nail-holes and hold-fast holes; upon a second examination before the magistrate, the lead was then again produced, Mr. Salt said that it did not come off of the green-house, and that he bought it, but refused to give any account to the magistrate where; I have the lead here.
You knew Salt before? - Yes.
Prisoner. Fifty such men as he could not have caught me, if I had had a mind to run away; I want to ask him whether he did not swear wrongfully? - No, my Lord.
- LAMBERT sworn.
Prisoner. I know him.
I live near the spot; I was present when the lead was compared; I wish not to pay the same compliment to the prisoner, that he has to me, of knowing me, for I do not know him, but by hear say; I went to see if this lead did match; and it matched so particularly well, that in my opinion I have not the least doubt, but it came from that green house, in every particular; and sometimes, I know in a court where constables come to be examined, that their evidence is not always right; and I was determined to go and see, I took a ladder and went on top of the green house and measured it myself, and I marked it, and the lead is here, so far as I suppose, with a deal of modesty to the prisoner, I think it is the lead.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, on the Wednesday as Lucytook me, I had been buying some clothes in Rosemary-lane; I keep a broker's shop; I am a taylor, and deal in all sorts of rags, linen, and every thing; I got out of the cart to rest the horse, as my wife is very heavy, and Lucy came and tapped me on the shoulder; says he, I want you on suspicion of stealing lead; says I, I never was a thief in my life, nor stole any lead; says he, you must go with me; Mr. Tarling, the hay salesman, says, do not you make any reflections; Lucy has used you very ill, and if you want me, I will come and speak at the Old-bailey; and I would not have come with him, if he had not said so; he knows I never stole any property; I never was tried or apprehended at a bar in my life; as for them two men, one is a tallow chandler; he makes candles at twelve o'clock at night; I told him I had some moulds to sell.
Mr. Lambert. My Lord, I would not have mentioned it otherwise, but this man has been on board the ballast lighter before, and he says he never was tried before.
Prisoner. I never was caught making candles in the night; my lawyer does not know the bill is found; or Mr. Tarling would have come, Counsellor 
               
                  Garrow
               


            's father would have come; my prosecutors would swear anybody's life away for a shilling; here is Butler, a man I worked for, for years, he is a man that is against me.
Jury. How did you come by that lead? - I bought it, I gave three halfpence farthing a pound for it.
To Mr. Butler. Do you know the prisoner? - Yes.
What character does he bear in the country? - I never troubled myself about his character; I never heard any particular character of him, I never heard any good character of him for some years.
Prisoner. I worked for Mr. Butler, fifteen or sixteen years, till I got into trouble for buying some lead before.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
