






869. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     MARNEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     MURPHY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th day of September
, forty pounds weight of lead, value 2 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Capel
                        



                     
                  , and then and there fixed to a certain building of the said Henry against the statute
            .
A second count, for feloniously stealing, on the same day, forty pounds weight of lead, value 2 s. belonging to 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Haywood
                  



               
             affixed to his dwelling house, against the statute.


                  HENRY
                   CAPEL
               



             sworn.
On Friday evening last, about ten minutes before seven, a gentleman that lives opposite alarmed me, and I went out, and saw two men, as I thought, in the very act of cutting lead upon the top of my house: the noise of the people alarming them, they desisted and went to the parapet wall of my neighbour, and laid all along in the gutter: I went up stairs with my neighbour, who said, he had had a bricklayer and labourer at work all day, and had sent to them to know why they did not leave off, I went up stairs and met the prisoner Murphy the labourer; I took him in custody, I went into the garret, and just as I got into the the garret, the prisoner Murphy stood by a basket and some tools, just by the parapet wall, where I saw him lay down under the window; I charged him with stealing lead, he denied it; the lead weighed about twenty-six pounds, it was twenty feet, it was very narrow, it is only the edging of a gutter: the house is mine.
Prisoner Marney, Did not you say you had been robbed a great many times, and I should pay for all? - I did say to the same purport, I have been robbed a great many times.


                  ABRAHAM
                   DRY
               



             sworn.
In the course of last Friday, I observed these two men working on Mr. Palmer's house and one on another house, I watched them and saw Murphy lift something out of the gutter of Mr. Palmer's house, which lays higher than the other, and he afterwards got into the gutter of Mr. Palmer's house, I informed him; when I returned the prisoner Marney was at work on the house.


                  Thomas
                   Palmer
               



             and 
               
                  William
                   Herring
               



             confirmed the evidence of Capel.
PRISONER MARNEY's DEFENCE.
We were at work at the next door, and the parapet wall is two inches higher than the prosecutor's house, and in cutting the chips fell down, and I went on the parapet wall, and swept it away; we never were charged with a halfpenny worth of roguery before in our lives.
The prisoner Murphey called five witnesses who gave him a good character.
The prisoner Marney called one witnesses to his character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
