






317. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BECKETT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STEVENS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th day of January
 last, two hundred pounds weight of lead, value 28 s.
             belonging to 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Bare
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Graffer
                  



               
            , against the statute.
A second count, For feloniously stealing, on the said 11th of January, two hundred pounds weight of lead, value 28 s. belonging to 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Man
                  



               
            , against the statute.
A third count, For feloniously stealing, on the said 11th day of January last, two hundred pounds weight of lead, value 28 s. belonging to one 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Adams
                  



               
            , affixed to a certain building of his, against the statute.
A fourth count, For feloniously stealing, on the said 11th day of January last, two hundred pounds weight of lead, value 28 s. belonging to one 
               
                  
                     Peter William 
                     Brace
                  



               
            , Esq
; then affixed to a certain building of his against the statute.
A fifth count, For feloniously stealing, on the said 11th day of January last, two hundred pounds weight of lead, value 28 s. affixed to a certain building, belonging to persons unknown.


                  JOHN
                   ROBSON
               



             sworn.
On the 10th of January, I went to the building called the Circus, near Portman-square; there had been lead taken from the place several times, and I went with intent to detect the persons; it is a circular building, rather oval; it is meant for dwelling houses; it is not finished; it is not one building; but consisting of several houses together; this lead was taken from off these houses.
Do the two houses belong to the same person? - No.
Then you must give evidence of one of them only? - I only can tell who the houses belong to, by the information I had given me from Mr. Adams's clerk; his name is 
               
                  Samuel
                   Wild
               



            ; I walked along the front of the Circus till I met the prisoner Stevens; that was a little past seven; itwas just light, he went into the center house with one 
               
                  Thomas
                   Simms
               



            ; I then went home and left my man 
               
                  Richard
                   White
               



             to watch the front of the Circus, and being informed by White that Becket and Simms had gone in there, I sent for Mr. Adams's clerk; we could hear them cutting with a saw, and beating; I went to the skylight, and looked down; I cannot say I could see them, I was too fearful of their seeing me; I thought it was the best way to go and take them at work; I went up a second time, and the shortest was sitting at the front of the ladder, and this Beckett, and Simms, who is not yet taken, was sawing the lead; that I saw through the skylight; Beckett was holding up the lead, and Simms was sawing it.


                  RICHARD
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
About half past six in the evening, I was watching along with Robson in the center house of the Circus; in Simms's house; the door of the house was open when I came there; there was only me, Mr. Robson, and another; we found the two prisoners in Simms's house; they were taking the lead out of the hole in the staircase; it was hid in the bottom of the well hole; after we had taken them we carried them to the watch-house.
Was Robson with you at this time? - I forgot that part, my Lord, what I told you, is what happened in the morning.
Was there any lead found upon them? - Yes, it was carried down to the Rotation-office directly afterwards.
What became of the prisoners afterwards? - They went to prison I believe, and there was a further examination.
Mr. Robson. I went into the house to see if I could find the lead; that was about half past eight in the morning, or a little better; I went all over the house, and could find only one piece of lead; I came out again, and informed Mr. Adams's clerk, and about ten I saw Simms, who is at large, come along the front of the house, and he came out again; I met him and clapped my hand upon his pocket to see if it was lead, but it was not; I then went a second time to the house, and in the well-hole there was a parcel of shavings lay, and there I found a piece of lead covered with shavings; I told Mr. Wild, and appointed to meet them when they came to take it away; he did not come, but he sent one 
               
                  John
                   Williams
               



            , and I went with my man 
               
                  John
                   White
               



            ; we had not been there above an hour, till the two prisoners came in, and Beckett said to Stevens, now, we will take it; they went past us; I caught hold of them both, and they were carried to the watch-house.
Why did not you tell us all this before? - I made a very great fault to be sure. I matched the lead; it was taken from two of these houses; but there was no name to them; the one was the fourth house.
Court. There is no evidence before us at present of whose property this lead was, or who the houses belonged to? - Nobody knows to whom they belong.
Prisoner Stevens. I think it is very hard we should be tried on such evidence.
PRISONER BECKETT'S DEFENCE.
I know the young man who is son to the owner of this house; he works in the house; I wanted to see him that evening; it was about half after six; I enquired of his sister, and she said, he was just gone round to move his tools; we went to speak to him, and they took us.
The prisoner Stevens called five witnesses, who all gave him a good character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
