





247. 
               
                  VINER 
                  COOK
               



             was indicted 


               for feloniously stealing, on the 25th day of January
 last, one wooden cask, value 2 s. and fifty-two gallons of Spermaceti oil, value 9 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Parker
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   PARKER
               



             sworn.
I live in Whitechapel


; on the 25th of January, I lost a cask of oil from my door, and found it at the prisoner's house; he was at home when we first went there, but he made his escape; the cask was staved, and the oil running about the house, the cask was marked C. H. A. M and R. but it is so imperfect, it would be difficult for any body else to make it out.
(The Cask produced and deposed to)



                  JOSEPH
                   PARKER
               



             sworn.
I went to the prisoner's house, and I looked through the key hole, I heard a knocking, and saw the prisoner cutting the cask; I knocked at the door, and the prisoner opened it; I went away, and when I returned, he was gone, and the cask was cut, and the oil running about the cellar; about nine or ten gallons were taken out of the cellar.


                  CHARLES
                   DORMER
               



             sworn.
I attend the Rotation Office in Whitechapel occasionally, I went with Mr. Parker to the prisoner's house, he applied his eye to the door and said there he is now, I see he is chopping the hoops off; I knocked at the door, and the prisoner came and opened it; says I, Cook, what have you been about? he could could hardly make an answer, I asked him for a light, he said I have no light; I went for a light, and in the mean time the prisoner escaped; we saw the oil running, there was Mr. Parker's name on the cask.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I wish to call two persons that were present when the oil was brought in.


                  JAMES
                   CHIDDAM
               



             sworn.
Mr. Cook is my father-in-law, I am going on fifteen, I was in the house when the cask of oil was brought there, it was about half past two.
Were those men that brought it, servants of the prisoner, or employed by him? - No.
Did he receive it? - No; he was not in the house when it came.
The prisoner called four witnesses who all gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
