





444. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of April
, one silver tea spoon, value 1 s. and one silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Eades
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   EADES
               



             sworn.
I am a coach maker
, the prisoner at the bar is employed by my hair dresser
 as a journeyman
; the first morning he attended me, which was the 5th of April, on his going away a silver tea spoon was missed, and a very diligent search was made for it, and he dressed me about eight in the morning, and it was missed in the day, and could not be found; in a few days a large diaper table cloth was missing, this alarmed us, and its being the first time of the prisoner's being with me when the spoon was missing, it was very natural to turn my thoughts to him, I resolved therefore to lay something in his way; I tried several mornings but without effect; on Tuesday the 13th, I laid a silver tea spoon on the dresser, it was washing time with our people, and the kitchen was in much disorder; I generally dress in the kitchen: as soon as he had dressed me, I went out of the kitchen as fast as I could, to give him an opportunity if he was so disposed, but I held the kitchen door in my hand to see what he did; there was nobody there then but himself, I had ordered the servants to keep out of the kitchen for that purpose, and I saw him very busily employed at the dresser; I have two stair-cases, and each comes into the workshop; as soon as he was gone, I opened the other door and went into the kitchen, and saw the spoon was gone; I let him go down the back stairs, knowing I should be time enough to meet him at the front stairs, which I did; he passed across the yard, I suspected he had taken something from his pocket, but nothing was found; when he came, says I, young man, I want to speak to you; he tripped up stairs very briskly, says I, where is the spoon, there was a spoon and table cloth lost; he said he knew nothing of it: with much reluctance, and my telling him I had sent for a constable and his master, he pulled the tea spoon out of his pocket; by this time the master arrived, before the constable, for the master came to dress me himself; I told him. I saw something at the bottom of the lining of the prisoner's coat, and I drew forth a silk handkerchief, which was mine; I have the spoon and handkerchief here, they have been in my possession ever since.


                  THOMAS
                   HOWARD
               



             sworn.
I saw the silk handkerchief taken from the prisoner.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I did not know that the property was in my pocket when it was found, and all my things were laying on the dresser where these things were, I put them in my pocket with my puff and powder bag, as any person else would by mistake.
Court. Do you put your puff and those things in your waistcoat pocket? - Yes, my combs and my razors.
Court to Eades. Were his things laying on the same dresser? - No, his puff was laying upon the ground, the dresser was full of dirty linen, and the spoon was laying there, on purpose that he might see it when he went in.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
