





820. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th day of August
 last, fifty-six pounds of tobacco, value 3 l. and one linen bag, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Skynner
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   CONWAY
               



             sworn.
I do the duty of a watchman, on the 15th of August about half after ten, I was going along, I observed a noise within the Rose Inn gates, and I stepped a little further on, and went down Chick-lane


, I went into the penns, and waited twenty minutes; Mr. Skinner's manufactory is within the Rose gate; after I staid there about twenty minutes, I saw the prisoner come out with a bag, and he took it from the ground, I cannot tell whether he came out of the gates, or out of the next house, but I saw him take it up near the gates, within three feet, my attention was drawn another way, to a woman that stood just by, about two minutes, who I thought was going to be robbed; I asked him what he had, I asked him several times, and he would not give me satisfaction; when I was going to take him to the watch-house, he said he was hired by a man, to carry it up to Islington for a shilling, he told me a name that I cannot recollect; when he came to the watch-house he was searched, and some loose tobacco was found in the lining of his coat, and in his coat pockets, as full as they could stuff, and a piece of candle was found also, he said nothing more; the bag that was found contained tobacco.


                  EDWARD
                   RYLAND
               



             sworn.
On the 15th of August, the prisoner was brought up to the watch-house, with this bag of tobacco, I searched him, and in each of his coat pockets this shag tobacco was, and in his waistcoat was this thick piece of candle.


                  BENJAMIN
                   BROOKS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Skinner, on Monday the 15th, in the morning, I found the ware-house doors open, I took particular care to lock it on Monday, on Tuesday morning I found it open again, and while we were looking about, the patrol came and asked if we had lost any tobacco, we could not miss that particularly.
(The tobacco produced by the constable.)
Constable. I have had it at the watch-house ever since.
Brooks. It is damaged tobacco, and over pressed, it has laid a long while with us, and it is dry.
Wilson. I swear to the tobacco, it was a particular hogshead that we could not manufacture, it was not to the sample, it was rather damaged.

But there might have been other damaged tobacco? - Yes, but it has gone through my hands so often, that I am clear in this tobacco, I could have said it was his tobacco if there were fifty hogsheads.
Do you know the bag? - I know particularly well moving that tobacco, and I covered it with that bag; I know the bag going through my hands so many times, but there is no particular mark, I cannot swear to the bag.
Mr. Garrow Prisoner's Council. You say very fairly you cannot swear to the bag? - No.
If you had seen this unmanufactured tobacco, where it might have been mixed with a great many other casks, would you have ventured to swear this to be your master's? - I think I could.
You might distinguish this from that which was not damaged? - Yes.
In what does this differ from any other hogshead of damaged tobacco? - There might be some like it.
Prosecutor. I had fifty bags of them, I cannot swear to the bags, I know the tobacco.
Mr. Skinner, I shall not despair after this, to hear a man swear to a tumbler of water; be so good as to give some reasons to the Jury? - This tobacco was sent to me on the 15th of November, and opened in the month of November, and there it has laid ever since, and there is never a manufacturer in London would keep this tobacco so long in the state I have done; I can swear to it among twenty hogsheads, I certainly know it as well as if it was a fixture to my house, and marked.
Now you argue that no other manufacturer in London would have kept it in that state? - Because it is an article they use more than I do; this is a tobacco for snuff, I have more of this sort than I could use.
Will you undertake to swear this is not Fletcher and Yeates's? - No, it was not, because it was in my warehouse.
I do not like to treat a man of character, as I am obliged to treat you; do you know, of your own knowledge, that it is not Fletcher and Yeates's; their warehouse as I recollect, is within two or three hundred yards of your place? - No, it is more than that.
I ask you as a man of conscience, knowing that they had at that time tobacco of that sort, can you say it was not this? - This is dry.
Do you know theirs was not dry? - I do not.
For all you know, they might have had some precisely like this? - I cannot say.
I do believe that you have the most conscientious persuasion it is your tobacco? - Yes.
I will be bound for it you have; but I must advert to my old course, I see there is no discriminating; will you venture to swear that is your tobacco? - I will.
I ask you upon your oath, in what does that differ from the tobacco, which you know was in possession of Fletcher and Yeates? - Because the case was packed up loose.
- CHAPMAN sworn.
I know this tobacco by the quality of it, I believe it to be my master's property.
Supposing a man had been found with this tobacco, at the warehouse of Fletcher and Yeates, could you have sworn then it was Mr. Skinner's? - No Sir, no such thing.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along, and a person asked me to take this to Islington for a shilling, they had some in a handkerchief, and they asked me to put some into my pocket, he was a stranger to me; I asked him his name, and he told me his name was Farmer, I could not rightly tell, but I was glad to earn a shilling, I am as innocent as a child.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
