





140. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BERKLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of January
 instant, one silver watch, value 20 s. one steel chain, value 3 d. one stone seal set in gold, value 12 d. one stone seal set in silver, value 3 d. one base metal key, value 1 d. one table spoon, value 4 s. and 12 s. in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Matthews
                  




               
            .
Prisoner. My Lord, I plead guilty, if there is no impropriety in it.
Court. You know the consequence of your pleading guilty? - No.
You will have the same punishment inflicted on you, as if you had pleaded not guilty, and had afterwards been found guilty.
The prisoner then pleaded not guilty.


                  FRANCIS
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
I keep a public house
, the prisoner lodged with me; on the 23d of October last, I lost a silver horizontal watch, capp'd and jewelled, a steel chain, and two seals, one set in silver, and one in gold, a silver table spoon, and 12 s. in money; I sat in a back room; the spoon I imagine to be taken out of the back room, the watch was in my fob, and the money in my pocket; I did not miss the watch till I went to bed, the prisoner has lodged with me near 23 weeks; he professes something of physic and surgery, the things were found in his trunk: I used frequently to miss money, my wife being ill I was fatigued very much, and used to sit down and take a nap, when I lost the watch I imagined I was asleep, I was loth to tell my wife my losses, and mentioned it to a friend, and he marked some money, in order to detect the thief; on the 10th of this month, I sat down, and the prisoner came and put his hand in my pocket, and took out my money.
Court. Then you cannot speak of the watch, because the watch was lost before; and there is only the offence of the 10th of January mentioned in the indictment? - I shamd asleep at that time, in order to detect him; I both saw, and felt him take the money out of my pocket, and he went out; I thought it was not proper to stop him, because I dreaded some fatal consequence: the next evening he made another attempt, and took some money from my pocket again, I seized him, the neighbours came in, and we searched him, and there was found about him 5 s. of the marked money remaining.


                  WILLIAM
                   PASLEY
               



             sworn.
I searched the prisoner; I took out of his pocket 25 s. it has been in my custody ever since.
(The marked money produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER.
I have no defence to make.



               GUILTY
            , Of stealing the money.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILLES.
