





421. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of May
, two printed cotton gowns, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Read
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   READ
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  James
                   Read
               



            , I live in Exeter-street


, Strand. On the 19th of May, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, as I was sitting at work in my shop, I saw a man in the parlour, I staid about two minutes to see what he would do; I saw him draw two gowns out of a basket that stood in a chair in the parlour; I ran towards the parlour, and he got up into the window and threw the gowns down the area; he jumped out of the window, and I jumped out upon him, and held him down till I got assistance.
Did you see the gowns? - Yes, I saw them both in the area.
(The gowns produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)


                  WILLIAM
                   TURVILLE
               



             sworn.
I heard an alarm of thieves, I went into the prosecutrix's yard, and saw her with the prisoner under her struggling, we took him to Bow-street.


                  GEORGE
                   TURRET
               



             sworn.
I assisted the last witness in taking the prisoner to Bow-street.


                  JOHN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I assisted the two last witnesses in taking the prisoner.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was very much in liquor, I don't know how I came in the place; I don't know that I meddled with the property.
To Jones. Did he appear to be in liquor? - No.
Turville. I saw him at a public-house just before, but he was no more in liquor than he is now.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
