





538. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NURSE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, a black gown, value 20 s. two cotton night gowns, value 20 s. a petticoat, value 2 s. a pair of pockets, value 2 s. four cotton shirts, value 10 s. two pair of stockings, value 4 s. two handkerchiefs, value 2 s. three aprons, value 15 s. a wooden trunk, covered with leather, value 5 s. a box, value 2 d. three books, value 3 s. another box, value 1 s. another box, value 1 s. and five guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Southby
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCES
                   SOUTHBY
               



             sworn.
I was coming to town the 25th of August, and when I stopped at my house in Wellbeck-street, the trunk was missing.

- HUTCHINSON sworn.
I am servant to the prosecutrix; I assisted her out of the carriage, and saw the trunk was gone.


                  WILLIAM
                   WARD
               



             sworn.
I am servant to a gentleman in Manchester-square; the trunk was on three or four doors off; as I ran to knock at the door; the trunk was fastened with some straps as usual.


                  JOHN
                   HOBBS
               



             sworn.
About nine, as I was coming to the watch-house, the servant came and told me what had happened; I went up Oxford-street with my partner at half past nine; going towards St. Giles's, I met the prisoner with a leather trunk on his shoulder; it was very near Hanover-square; he endeavoured to throw the trunk on me when I stopped him, and said it was his own property; what did I want with him; two men were before, who endeavoured to jump on the trunk and make a rescue.
(The trunk opened and the things deposed to.)
Prisoner. Did not I tell you a gentleman hired me to carry this trunk to his carriage? - No, you did not
The prisoner called three witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
