





168. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     FLINN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of December
 last, four pair of velveret breaches, value 20 s. two pair of blue cloth breeches, value 4 s. three pair of callimanco breeches, value 6 s. one pair of worsted breeches, value 4 s. and one pair of everlasting breeches, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I live at Cockhill


, I am a slopseller
, I was in the room adjoining, and my nephew called me, I immediately went to the door, and saw the prisoner, I pursued him, and came up with him so close to see he had something in his arms; in running after him he dropped eleven pair of breeches, I still pursued him he run up a lane and Graves tripped him up; I was close behind and I apprehended him.
Court. When you first saw at what distance was he? - As nigh as I can guess about twenty yards, this man picked up great part of the things, and the prisoner's hat under them; on bringing him down he asked several times after his hat, I told him, I knew nothing of it; the prisoner turned round to me, and said, I hope you will not hang me for it, I said, if the law will hang you, I will hang you; then one Hurford came running after us, and said, here is his hat.


                  WILLIAM
                   HURFORD
               



             sworn.
On the 24th of December, I was drinking a pint of beer at the Cock alehouse, Cockhill; I heard the alarm of stop thief, I ran to the door; and the first thing I saw on the pavement was this bundle, I picked it up, and under it was a hat; I gave the things to an acquaintance of Mr. Brown's, and I went to help to take the prisoner.
Court. Did the prisoner claim that hat? - Yes, he said it was his.
In whose custody has the bundle been ever since? - In the prosecutor's.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming by, and I heard this man cry stop thief, and I ran as well as the rest.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
