





715. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MARNEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of June
 last, one woollen apron, value 6 d. one pair of stays, value 4 s. one linen handkerchief, value 6 d. and 17 s. 6 d. in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Haley
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   HALEY
               



             sworn.
I am a poor lame woman, I cannot pull on my stockings or pull them off; on the 2d of June in the morning the prisoner came up and took the key from under my room door, and took the things mentioned in the indictment, the key was put under the door for a young woman to come in and put on my things for me; I saw the prisoner a going, and I begged him for God's sake not to take them, for I was a poor lame woman; he said something, I cannot tell what; I cried stop thief! this young woman that puts on my stockings found him, I saw his face very plain in the room when he was going out, with the things under his arm, I am sure of the prisoner; the stays, and the apron and handkerchief were produced; I never found the money that was in my pocket, 17 s. 6 d. the pocket was upon the table with the other things, the pocket was gone also.
The remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Termin er, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 7th of JULY, 1784, and the following Days;
Being the SIXTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     ROBERT
                      PECKHAM
                  



               , Esq; 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT HAND BY E. HODGSON, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND; And Published by Authority.
NUMBER VI. PART V.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXIV.
[PRICE SIX-PENCE.]

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.
The Continuation of the Trial of 
                  
                     William
                      Marney
                  



               .



                  JOHN
                   POUND
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner, I went into the public house after my duty was over at four o'clock, and while I was drinking I heard the outcry, I ran out, and I saw the prisoner and another man with a bundle, the other man had the bundle, I took them both into custody, they stood talking together in the street, I immediately saw this bundle under the other man's coat, I took them both and called for assistance, we took them into the house, and the prisoner owned he had given the other man the bundle to put by for him; the bundle is here, I have had the things ever since; they asked him to own to it upon the other being cleared, they asked him whether he did give the bundle to the other man; there was no promise made that I heard.
(The things deposed to.)
- SIMPSON sworn.
I am a watchman also, and I was taking a little refreshment, and I heard a cry of stop that man with the bundle, and I went out and stopped him.


                  AUGUSTUS
                   WADE
               



             sworn.
I live at the White Horse, I saw this man between four and five go through our house, in a little while after come this woman's acquaintance, and said my aunto, as they call her sometimes, was robbed of all she had; he came through, and then came back again some time afterwards.
Court. What after you had heard the woman was robbed? - I heard it after I saw him the first time.
Had he a bundle both times when he went through the house? - He had the bundle the first time.


                  ANN
                   GEEMES
               



             sworn.
When the prosecutrix was robbed she called stop thief immediately; I got out of bed, I did not see the man, he was run out of doors, I just saw his back, I put on my petticoat and bedgown and went out of doors and enquired after him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
About five in the morning I happened to go a journey as far as Deptford, I went to go out with intent to have a glass of gin, and a man came in and desired me to take this bundle, and I went in and had half a quartern of gin, and the landlord saw the man stand, and the man was gone when I came out, I gave a man that was there the bundle, and the watchman stopped the man, and asked him where he got the bundle, the man that was with me was not the man that gave me the bundle first, but he came to me and said, that man had sent for the bundle, and I gave it to him; I have no witnesses.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
