





571. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WADE
                   otherwise 
COCLIN




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th day of June
 last, sixty-three yards of callico, value 10 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ashby
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Philpot
                        



                     
                  , callico printers

; laid, placed, and exposed in their bleaching grounds to be printed
            .


                  JOHN
                   ASHBY
               



             sworn.
I am partner with 
               
                  John
                   Philpot
               



            ; on the 28th of June I lost three pieces of nine eights British callico, value ten pounds and upwards; it was brought to our house to be printed; the callico was pawned by the prisoner; I saw it there the day before.


                  ROBERT
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I am an officer; on the 15th of this month I received information, the prisoner had some callico; prior to that I saw the advertisement of the prosecutor being robbed, and some hand bills; in consequence of that I apprehended her; I was informed she had pawned them at Mr. Mathews's in the Minories; I saw some callico there, I cut off a little bit, and I advertised it, and Mr. Philpot came and claimed it, and another piece I found at Mr. Windsor's a pawnbroker in the Minories, which appears to be a counter part of the other that I found at Mr. Mathews's.
- MATHEWS sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Mathews; I took in a piece of callico of the prisoner, on the 29th of June; I am sure it was her.


                  ALEXANDER
                   DICKSON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Windsor, in the Minories; I have another piece of callico which I took in from the prisoner on the 29th of June. (The two pieces produced and deposed to.)
There never were but eight pieces of this pattern, printed in this manner, and this is not finished.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I deal in Rosemary-lane, and have done so these fourteen years, and I bought these things of a man in the open fair; as I bought them and had no more money to turn my hand upon, I pawned them.
Court to Jury. The act of the 18th of 
               
                  George
               


             the second, makes it a capital offence for stealing of goods above ten shillings, from any bleaching ground, which had been brought to be printed and exposed there.



               GUILTY
            , Death.
N. B. The above act having left the Court a discretionary power to mitigate the sentence to transportation for fourteen years; the prisoner was ordered to be




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
