






796. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WATKINS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     NUNN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the the 6th of June
 last, one cloth coat called a box coat, value 10 s. one other great coat, value 10 s. thirteen pieces of silver lace, value 30 s. and two silver-hat loops, value 2 s.
             the property of the Right Honourable 
               
                  Charles 
                  Lord
 Southampton



            .


                  JOHN
                   PAYNE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Lord Southampton, on the 5th of June my Lord was robbed of the things mentioned in the indictment, the property was found on the prisoner.
Prisoner. I told him the man that gave them to me, and he said he thought so himself, because he was surprized to find a large dog muzzled.
Court. Is that so? - I asked him how he got in, he said he did not get in, I asked him if such a one got in, and he nodded to me as if he meant yes.


                  JOHN
                   CORDY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Lord Southampton, the two great coats are mine, I was present when the prisoner was at the watch-house.
- PETTINGTON sworn.
I took the prisoner Watkins on the morning of the 6th, and I suspected him, I saw these two prisoners about one in the morning, I discovered the robbery when I was going the hour of four.
Court to Coachman. Were these things taken in the night of the 5th of June? - Yes, we were all in bed.
Pettington. I suspected Watkins because I have known him many years.
Did you find any thing on Watkins when you took him? - I found this box coat upon him, it was tied up in his apron, something of a hard working rag, he said he would go into this house of ill fame where we had been searching for him, and he said to the prisoner Nunn, I will go and see if he has called here, says I, you will ask me leave first will not you, and I seized him, and that moment he discharged the bundle from him, and likewise Nunn the same; Nunn had this great coat tied upon something of a handkerchief, and this lace I took out of Nunn's pocket; we brought them to the watch-house and these twenty five grains of buck shot, this punch and these keys I took out of Nunn's pocket when I searched him and some loose powder.
(The lace deposed to by the Coachman)
It came off my Lord's hammer cloth, this lace belongs to the waistcoat the same as I have on, and the lace from this hat.
Court. Can you say this lace was the property of Lord Southampton? - Yes, I am sure it it is the same pattern I have on, and the waistcoat and hat had the lace cut off.
Are you sure these were not given to the servants? - No my Lord, they were my Lord's property.
(The two great coats deposed to by Cordy)
These are the two coats that I wore in Lord Southampton's service, they are my Lord's property.
PRISONER WATKINS's DEFENCE.
I told them who gave me the great coat which was their fellow servant, I knew nothing of Nunn; I could not find 
               
                  James
                   Gagg
               



            , and I understand he is gone down to Gloucestershire, I have no witnesses - Nunn thought to put off his trial he is light-headed now he cannot speak.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each to be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
