





591. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d day of June
, four pound weight of sewing silk, value 20 s. three pounds three quarters weight of Scotch thread, value 5 s. two pieces of Manchester-tape, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
Major

 
                       Blundell
                     


             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Stafford
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   STAFFORD
               



             sworn.
My partner's name is Major 
               
                  Blundel
               


            ; I know nothing of the robbery, I only prove the property.


                  ISAAC
                   ISAACS
               



             sworn.
I live in Red-cow-lane, Mile-end; on Sunday the 3d of June, between three and four, I was standing in Duke's-place, and saw the prisoner with a bundle under his arm, and having a suspicion of him, I followed him, and procured an officer to take him.


                  ISAAC
                   JACOBS
               



             sworn.
On the 3d of June last, on a Sunday, I went to a public-house in Leadenhall-street, with Isaack Buckarah, and called for a pint of beer, and the prisoner was there; I asked him if he had any thing to dispose of; he said he had, and he shewed me these things which are sealed up; he asked me three guineas and a half for them; I asked him if they were his own, he said they were, and that he was a country dealer; then says I, I will detain the goods, and take you to the Compter.
(The goods produced and deposed to by Mr. Stafford.)
Here is a piece of tape with our private mark on it, the other goods have only the maker's number on them; the prisoner was porter to us at the time; here is some sewing silk wrapped up in a paper, with our private mark on it; I verily believe the whole to be our property.
Isaacs. He offered the constable the things to let him go.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. You deal very largely in your business, and youthought him an honest industrious man? - We had a good opinion of him.


                  RACHAEL
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner two years; he always bore a good character.
Court. What is the value of the goods?
Mr. Stafford. About six pounds.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
