






271. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BAGE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             were again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of April
 last, one woollen blanket, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Tompson
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   TOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I keep little broker's-shop
, No. 52. in Mary-le-bone-lane, I lost this blanket in Lower Grosvenor-street, Grosvenor-square


, on the 11th of April, from out of a sale there; between eleven and twelve this blanket was gone out of the garret, it was found on the 15th of April, at Bage's apartments by 
               
                  John
                   Shellard
               



            .
When did you see him in the garret; - Between eleven and twelve.
Did you see any thing of Brown at that sale? - No, only Bage.


                  JOHN
                   SHELLARD
               



             sworn.
I belong to Sir Sampson Wright, I have a blanket, which I found in Bage's lodgings, on the 15th of April I searched his lodgings at No. 8. Union-street Middlesex hospital.
What apartments had he there? - Front parlour.
Any thing else? - No.
Who lived in the house? - I do not know.
How do you know they are his apartments? - Bage said so himself, I found this blanket upon the bed.
Court. Part of the bed furniture? - Yes.
Is there any body occupies the room with him? - Nobody at all.
Where did the woman live? - In the same apartments for what I know, but I do not know where, when Bage was taken into custody, he said in these apartments, accordingly we went to search his lodgings.
Court. All you know is, you found the blanket? - Yes.
(The Blanket deposed to.)
Was it lost on a shewing day or upon a sale day? - We had not begun the sale.
PRISONER BAGE's DEFENCE.
The apartments were not mine, Mrs. Brown kept the apartments; and the goods were her's, and she bought that banket last October in Fleet-market.
Court. This has served to throw some light on the former case, which was the principal view I had, I wanted to see whether any light could be got respecting a case, in which an odd circumstance happened to occur.


                  GEORGE
                   BAGE
               





               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  JANE
                   BROWN
               





               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
