





87. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LOWDER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Osborne
                        



                     
                  , on the 4th of November
 last, and putting her in fear, and feloniously taking from her person; and against her will, two half crowns, and one shilling, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Warrington
                        



.
A second Count, laying it to be her monies.


                  MARY
                   OSBORNE
               



             sworn.
I am a single woman; on the 4th of November last, about seven in the evening, I had been to the grocer's for some tea andsugar, which came to three shillings and six pence; I took half a guinea, and received two half crowns and two shillings, in change; as I came along, I was looking at the money in my hand, by the light of a cheesemonger's window, in Fore-street


; I had reckoned wrong, and was looking for another sixpence, a man came up to me, and took two half crowns and one shilling out of my hand, and he left one shilling; he immediately ran across the road; he had got half-way across the road before I could see him, which was two minutes, then I lost sight of him; I tried to close my hand when his hand was in mine, but I had not time before he got the money out; he never spoke to me; I could not see the man to know him again; it was Mr. Warrington's money; he gave it me to fetch the tea and sugar for him.


                  WILLIAM
                   CLARK
               



            .
Suppose you tell a story on your oath? - It will be worse in this world, and in the world to come.


                  WILLIAM
                   CLARK
               



             sworn.
On the 4th of November, on Wednesday, I was coming up Fore-street, and I saw the prisoner; between six and seven at night, I saw this young woman standing at the cheesemonger's window, and the prisoner was standing just by her; I stood behind the young woman; presently I saw him snatch at the young woman's hand, and run away; I ran after him, and cried stop thief; I never lost sight of him; he ran into little Moorfields and turned back, and was taken in Coleman-street: I saw him taken but not examined.
- WILLIAMS
Gave the same answer as to swearing falsely.
- WILLIAMS sworn.
I saw the prisoner by the side of the young woman; I was with Clark; I stopped and saw him snatch at the young woman's hand: he ran away, and I saw him taken.


                  WILLIAM
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of Cripplegate Ward; I took the prisoner; I searched him at the Compter, and found nothing on him; there was another chap rushed in between us; several other people and I was afraid he would be rescued, so I took him to the Compter.
Court. Was it very dark? - The lamps were very thick.


                  BENJAMIN
                   BRADBURY
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner twenty years, I believe he is a coachman
; I never knew any harm of him till this affair.
Court. What are you? - I am a china burner, have lived in Moorfields twenty-five years.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
