





412. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     LOGAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of March
 last, twenty pounds weight of raw sugar
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Gascoigne
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   WEBB
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer, coming down Thames-street, Porter's-quay gateway


, I looked up the area, and saw the prisoner coming out of the buildings, I perceived he was loaded with sugar, all round him, I had him secured and found sugar about him, to the amount of twenty pounds weight, it was stowed round him inside his jacket, between the lining and the cloth, afterwards we took him into the buildings, and he shewed a hogshead out of which he took it, I asked him if he was positive he took it out of that hogshead, he said yes; the prosecutors are the proprietors of the wharf.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming down the gateway, and I saw a man come out of the door, and he dropped that sugar, and I took it up, and I was going away, and that man took me up.
What are you? - A sailor
.
Have you any friends to speak for you? - No.
Jury. How was the sugar stowed? - Loose withinside.


                  THOMAS
                   HUNTER
               



             sworn.
Mr. Gascoigne sent for me and gave me charge of this man, I searched him and took the sugar between the outside and lining of his jacket, on searching him further I found this key, which opens the lower lock of the warehouse, and I found a gimblet in his pocket; this is an old key that had been filed on purpose to suit the lock, it opens this lock, which was the bottom lock of the warehouse.
Court. I thought he had been only a common thief that had plundered a hogshead that happened to be open, but he turns out to be a worse man a great deal.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury, before Baron EYRE.
