





60. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LEVINGTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th day of November
 last, a wooden trunk covered with leather, value 1 s. one linen sheet, value 3 s. two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. one pair of cotton stockings, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Salmon
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   SALMON
               



             sworn.
I keep the Peckham errand cart
; it was taken out in Gracechurch-street


 on Saturday the 18th of November, between three and four o'clock; my boy put it into the cart; I know that to be the trunk; it belongs to Mr. Woodhouse, in Cross-lane, St. Dunstan's-hill; it was taken up at Mr. Woodhouse's house.


                  MARK
                   WOODHOUSE
               



             sworn.
I only prove the property.


                  WILLIAM
                   HEDGEMAN
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Woodhouse; I delivered the trunk to Salmon's servant.
Court. Was the cart at the door when you delivered it? - It was.
Should you know the trunk if you see it? - Yes; I delivered it about three o'clock; I saw it five days after at Guildhall.
Court to Mr. Woodhouse. Do you know the contents of the trunk? - I do not of my own knowledge; I have a list in my pocket which Mrs. Woodhouse gave me; I can swear to a shirt which has my name at full length; two linen handkerchiefs, two pair of cotton stockings marked W. the trunk was delivered to King the constable, at Guildhall, in my presence.


                  Thomas
                   Hill
               



            . I drive Mr. Salmon's cart; I received the trunk from Woodhouse's servant; a wooden trunk covered with leather; I stopped at Mr. Day's in Gracechurch-street, and begged they would give an eye to the cart while I stepped into Leadenhall-market; when I came back the trunk was gone; it was put in the front of the cart.
(The trunk produced, and some of the things deposed to by Mr. Wooodhouse.)


                  JOHN
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I met the prisoner on the 18th of November in Leadenhall street, between three and four, going speedily down Leadenhall-street; I suspected him, and stopped him, and he resisted.
Court. What did he say? - He said, it belonged to him; I took him to the Compter, and the next day before the Lord Mayor; the trunk having no directions on it, it was advertised; when Mr. Woodhouse came to Guildhall he swore to the property.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I was coming along by the Royal Exchange, I met a man who asked me to carry the trunk to the corner of Whitechapel; he was going to Billinsgate with some baskets, and was to come to me there.


                  BRIDGET
                   DILLON
               



             sworn.
I live in Sandy-row, Spital-fields; my husband is in the hard ware business; the prisoner lived with me three months, to the time he was taken up.
What business is the prisoner? - A porter
; I took him into our house to lodge as an honest man; and while he was with us he behaved as such.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
