





963. 
               
                  
                     MOSES 
                     PRICE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th day of October
, four woollen horse cloths, value 5 s. four leather check braces, value 4 s. six brass turrets, value 2 s. two leather hand reins, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Ibbetson
                        



                     
                  ; one pair of spatterdashes, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harris
                  



               
            .


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   IBBETSON
               



             sworn.
I keep the George and Blue Boar inn, in Holborn




; the prisoner was taken in my yard.


                  JOHN
                   HARRIS
               



             sworn.
The spatterdashes are my property, I am coachman to Mr. Ibbetson; I know all the things.
- WELCH sworn.
I am watchman; at four in the morning I saw a man running across the yard, the gates were open, and the moon shone; I asked him if he belonged to the yard, he said he did; how long, says I, I tur ned about, he made me no answer, and I saw a bulk in his pocket, and I asked him what it was, and he pulled out a pair of spatterdashes; and I saw another bulk, and out of the other pocket he pulled out six stirrups, and two check braces; I took him to the watch-house, he said a man gave them to him under the gateway.


                  WILLIAM
                   ONSWORTH
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner with the last witness; I saw him take out the things: he said, what service will it be to you to trouble me.


                  JOHN
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
I found the bundle in the yard, it was my master's property.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming by there, the gate was wide open, and a man was standing there, and he asked me to lend him a hand, so I did, I thought he was a servant belonging to the yard, I am just come to London, I have not a friend in London, I have been abroad these seven years, I have three small children.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
