






674. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HINTON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILLIS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Read
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of one in the night, on the 8th of June
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one silk petticoat, value 1 s. one cotton gown, value 7 s. one pair of women's stays, value 4 s. one callico apron, value 6 d. one linen petticoat, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Read
                        



                     
                  ; one check apron, value 6 d. a yard and a half of cotton, value 2 s. one satin petticoat, value 1 s. one muslin cap, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Read
                        



                     
                  ; two counterpanes, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        Henry
                         Read
                     



                  ; one silk cloak, value 6 d. one cotton gown, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Dentry
                  



               
            .


                  MARY
                   DENTRY
               



             sworn.
The prosecutor is a brandy merchant
, he lives in Chapel-street, Westminster


, I was in his house the night his house was robbed, I was his servant
; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, and my master and mistress lost some things, and some belonging to the youngest daughter.
How old is she? - Turned of seventeen; she lost a petticoat and a coloured apron which she had on the day before, and other things Miss 
               
                  Mercy
                   Read
               



             lost; the things were all taken by the patrol; the things were in the room at eleven o'clock, the house was broke open between two and three.
Was there any fastening to the window? - No, only the window was shut down.


                  MERCY
                   READ
               



             sworn.
I am daughter to the prosecutor, I lost a gown and apron, two petticoats, and a pair of stays, I put the stays in my room where I sleep, the other things were in the servant's room, which was the room where the window was open.


                  MARY
                   ANN READ
               



             sworn.
I lost one satin petticoat, about a yard and a half of printed cotton, a morning lawn cap, these things were left in a small room next the room where I slept; the next morning when the maid called me I saw the window open.


                  THOMAS
                   WETHERALL
               



             sworn.
I am the patrol of St. John's and St. Margaret's; on the morning of the robbery, which was the 9th of June, I saw the prisoners about a quarter before three, they were both very near together, the prisoner Willis had a bundle, we saw them run across Strutton Ground, and we pursued them down Pye-street.
Did they see you pursue them? - I cannot be sure, but they run, we pursued them near a quarter of a mile, and took Willis, and he was endeavouring to throw this bundle over a pair of high gates after the other prisoner Hinton; Hinton had got very near the gates; after I came up to them, one was upon the gate and the other was throwing the bundle after him, I attempted to stop Willis, but he made a short turn and got from me. I took the bundle and made the alarm of stop thief! and the watchman stopped Willis in New Peter-street.
(The bundle produced.)
- Prisoner Willis. I know nothing of this man.
Prisoner Hinton. I was over the water at the time.
Court. Was Willis ever out of your sight? - Yes, but I am sure he is the same man, because I saw him before, I stopped him my self first.
When was Hinton apprehended? - I do not know, he was not apprehended by us.
How do you know he was the same man? - I knew him before, and I saw him getting over the gates.
(
               
                  Mary
                   Dentry
               



             deposes to the bed gown and gown, she made the gown herself.)
Prisoner Willis. Did not I say that a man gave me the bundle.
Prisoner Hinton. I was over the water at the same time, I know nothing of the other prisoner Willis, I had been at Chelsea, coming home I saw a man before me, coming along with a bundle, and as we came into Pye-street I came up with him, and he asked me to help him over the gate into this yard, for he was locked out of the front door, and could not get in, I was in liquor and did it, I did not know that there was any thing amiss in it, I knew that the patrols were in the street.


                  RICHARD
                   HUNTER
               



             sworn.
Going my rounds near three o'clock, I saw the two prisoners with this property upon them, not above one hundred yards from the prosecutor's house, they run from us when they saw us; I saw the tall man, Willis, with the property under his arm, we pursued, and they were taken; I saw the bundle with Willis, and the other prisoner was with him; Willis denied that ever he had it in his possession.
Was that immediately as he was apprehended? - Yes, Hinton was the other person with him, I have known them both for years.
Court. Would you wish to have this witness asked any questions? - As much as you please.
What do you desire? - My Lord, Hunter knows I always work hard for my living.
The prisoner Hinton called two witnesses to his character.
BOTH 


               GUILTY Of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .
Court to Hunter. What sort of characters have these men? - I have been several times after Hinton in the night, the other man I know but little of, I knew him in the army, I knew him then to be an endeavouring working fellow, I have seen him out of nights often, but never of any thieving, or any thing of that.
Each to be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
