





542. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DUFFEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of July
, two guineas, and one shilling, one pair of leather breeches, value 10 s. one linen shirt, value 5 s. one silver watch, value 30 s. one steel watch chain, value 1 s. one glass seal, mounted on silver, value 1 s. one metal setting for a seal, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Parry
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Edmund
                         Murphey
                     



.


                  JAMES
                   PARRY
               



             sworn.
On the 15th of July, I went to bed at ten o'clock; I had in my breeches pocket, two guineas, one shilling, and my silver watch; I put them under my pillow; likewise my shirt; I awaked in the morning about four o'clock, and turning round to take my watch to see what was o'clock, I found every thing was gone; there was a man that was laying on another bed in the same room his name was 
               
                  John
                   Smith
               



            ; we took him on suspicion; I was not in liquor; he was not there when I went to bed; he was there in the morning; about half after two my landlord and me were walking in Golden-lane, and we met this prisoner; and my landlord saw my breeches upon him; my landlord's name is Edmund Murphy; the prisoner Duffey, took my landlord by the hand, and shook hands with him, and asked him to have some drink; we went all into a public-house before Duffey, and the tap-room being pretty far from the bar, he said, I will go and fetch it; and he left a bundle of papers on the table; he went out of doors; my landlord said, this Duffey has your breeches upon him, and he is off; the prisoner went off; we followed him all the afternoon, and could not find him; then we were convinced he was the thief; about nine we went out in pursuit of him again; as we knew a woman he corresponded with; we found her, and him with her; and we took him into custody; he attempted to make away again; one of my party called to me; and I saw my landlord take hold of his hand, and take the watch out of his hand; I am sure I saw it; an officer came up, and took him into custody; we found nothing upon him but the watch; he confessed he had sold my breeches to a man in Lincoln's-inn-fields; I heard him; there was no promise made him; there were two guineas besides the watch and a shilling in the breeches.
Prisoner. Whether my friends have not offered him repeatedly to compromise the matter, and make it up? - No, I can prove to the contrary.


                  EDMUND
                   MURPHEY
               



             sworn.
This young man had been gone to bed about ten; I gave him a candle, and the key; he went to bed sober; I locked mymy door between ten and eleven, and I went to bed, and I did not hear any thing at all till four o'clock in the morning; this young man's brother came down and asked if any strange men were in the house; no, says I, because, says he, my brother is robbed; I know the prisoner; I did not see him at my house that night; I saw him the next day in Golden-lane; he had the prosecutor's breeches on, they were buckskin; they had no mark; I knew them because he ran away from me; I think they were the same, I cannot swear to them; I took the watch from the prisoner out of his hand; I gave the watch to Mr. Evans, who is here.


                  JOHN
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
Murphy gave me a watch, and I gave it to the constable.


                  WILLIAM
                   HITCHCOCK
               



             sworn.
I produce the watch.
(deposed to by the maker's name and No.)
Court to prosecutor. How was it possible for this man to get into your room? - I left it open.
How could he get into the house? - I do not know.
Murphy. My door is fastened between ten and eleven.
Could any body get in afterwards? - No they could not.
Was your door broke open or your house? - No.
Who went up to the prosecutor's chamber afterwards? - One Smith.
Did any body else go up? - No.
Where is Smith? - I do not know.
Hitchcock. I received the watch from Evans, and I found that they conceived the prisoner had robbed the prosecutor of it; the prisoner was present; they gave charge of him; I took him to the watch-house; they desired me to search him, and I found in his pocket twenty-two duplicates, one of which was a shirt, pawned for 2 s. 6 d. on that day.
JOHN CLENSTON sworn.
I live in Bear-yard, Lincoln's inn fields; these are the breeches that were sold to me by the prisoner, the 16th of July, a little after four in the evening.
Prosecutor. These are my breeches, I am certain they are mine.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have nothing more to say than that I was very much intoxicated; I know nothing of the matter.
Do you wish this paper to be read that you have handed up to the jury? - I leave it to your lordship's discretion.
No, it is not my duty to advise you as to what you offer in your defence, I shall take no notice of it one way or the other, unless you desire it may be read? - I wish the paper to be read.
(Read.)
To the Right Honourable James Adair, the humble petition of 
               
                  John
                   Duffey
               



            , That your petitioner had the misfortune of being burnt out, the corner St. Margaret's Hill, June the 4th, 1784, for which unfortunate affair 
               
                  Richard
                   Corbett
               



             was tried and acquitted, since which time he is not in his senses; should not now have been under this predicament had he been in his proper senses; he found he had the prosecutor's breeches on the next day, and cannot tell how he changed them; he has attempted to settle in Dublin, but his unhappy state of mind would not permit him to pursue his intention, and was obliged to leave a tender infant behind him, and is without any friend; your petitioner, therefore, humbly hopes you will deign to consider the unhappy case of a lunatic at times, and restore him once more to liberty, and he will endeavour to guard against drinking.
Court to Murphy. Did you know Duffey before? - I have known Duffey this good while, he lodged with me last year for three quarters of a year.

Jury. We beg to know whether he slept there the night before? - Yes.
Have you ever observed him disordered in his mind? - Sometimes I have indeed.
What, when he was in liquor? - No, sometimes he would fret and talk to himself and appear out of his mind.
Parry. I never knew him till about two days before he robbed me.


                  JOSEPH
                   EARLE
               



             sworn.
I live in Carey-street; I am a bricklayer; I have known Mr. Duffey between seven and eight years; he rented a shop of me about seven years ago; he was then a very honest man, and very industrious; he had a large family; he was a book-binder.
Have you ever known him disordered in his mind at all? - Not at that time, I have not been acquainted with him for some time.
Court. What was the value of your watch, at a low valuation? - I valued it at 30 s.
Mrs. BARNES sworn.
I live at No. 5 in the Old Bailey.
Do you keep a house there? - Yes.
Are you married or single? - Married.
What is your husband? - A stationer.
Do you know the prisoner? - Yes, he worked for us a number of years; a very respectable character; we always understood him to be a man of very great character.
Have you known him lately? - Not lately, because we have apprentices; he kept house for some years in Carey-street.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROSE
               



             sworn.
I have known him about a year and a half; he always bore a very honest character? - He was represented to me several times as being out of his mind, and I have seen him in that situation very often.
In what way? - I used to see him very much distracted and use many assertions that it was not supposed he could be in his senses.
Can you give us any reason for that supposion? - No other reason than the unfortunate circumstance of his loosing his wife by fire; I have seen him so very often, I have seen him abuse people very often, when he had not the least occasion to do so; at other times he would be very friendly with them, and he has often been talked of as being out of his mind; not only me but others have seen him in that situation.




               GUILTY 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
