







542. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SMITH
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     MANEVIL
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     MUMFORD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of May
, one ticking matrass, value 12 d. one wooden chest, value 6 s. one pillow, value 1 s. a great coat, value 5 s. two blankets, value 5 s. sixteen linen shirts, value 30 s. four pair of silk stockings, value 6 s. six pair of thread stockings, value 6 s. one pair of worsted, value 1 s. two cloth coats, value 4 s. two cotton waistcoats, value 3 s. two velveret waistcoats, value 3 s. three pair of trowsers, value 4 s. one pair of drawers, value 6 d. three silk handkerchiefs, value 6 s. two linen ditto value 6 d. one pair of shoes, value 4 s. two pair of metal buckles, value 6 d. two bibles, value 4 s. one clothes brush, value 6 d. two half crowns, value 5 s. and three shillings in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Oswald 
                     Ray
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined apart at the Prisoner's request.)


                  OSWALD
                   RAY
               



             sworn.
I wanted to go to sea, and I went to the Royal Exchange to try to get a master, and I met with the prisoners Manevil and Smith, at the Exchange, so we talked a little about going to sea, and they walked with me, and sat down in the Irish walk, and I told Smith my design, then I went with Smith through the Royal Exchange, and Smith told me he would look out for some Captains that he knew, but he saw none, and he told me if I would give a shilling to the clerk at Lloyd's Coffee-house, he would look one out for me, and we went below where the walks are for the Captains of the ships, at the Exchange; and when it came near dinner time, they went to dinner, and when the prisoner Smith and Mumford returned, the prisoner Smith told me they had got a birth for me to go up the Straits, at a guinea per month; that Smith was to be second mate, and I was to be an ordinary seaman, this was the first day we met, that was on Wednesday: on the Friday following which was the 6th of May, we met again, and we went to the Victualling office, to consider how we could bring my chest from Wapping; the ship lay off Tower-wharf: I asked if it was possible to go on board, and Smith told me yes, and on Friday night about nine, Smith came down to my lodgings at Wapping, with Mumford who appeared like a porter; I had every thing ready, and I put in my chest, the various things mentioned in the indictment; Smith and Mumford were to take my chest, and I was to carry my bedding and the mattrass on my shoulders, and Smith and Mumford took the chest, one had hold of each handle, and we left Manevil and Mumford with my box, whilst Smith and me went to fetch Smith's box from a house near Saint Catharine's stairs, Smith went into the house, and he came out and said the landlord was away and had the key of the store-house with him and he could not get it, and Smith and I stood at the door some time; then he went in again and did not return: I waited some time and went in and enquired for him, and he was not there, and I never saw him after; and I went and looked for the chest where we had left it at the Victualling Office, but I could not find it there, nor Manevil nor Mumford in whose care I left it; I searched for the chest, but never found it after, nor never heard of it till Mr. Matthews came and told me of it; in consequence of which I went to the justice's with Matthews, and the prisoners were apprehended; I never saw the prisoners before this time; I was perfectly a stranger here.


                  JAMES
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
I am one of the beadles of Whitechapel; about half past ten on Friday last, the 6th of this month, the watchmen brought in Mumford and Manevil into our watch-house, with a chest and a mattrass; I asked them where they got it from, Manevil said it came from on board the Betsey, Captain 
               
                  Williams
               


            , and he was so lame that he could not proceed on his voyage; I asked him, if it was his chest, and he said yes? I asked him for the key, he said he had left it on board; I said that was surprising; I asked him what it contained, he said it contained a pillow, two Scotch blankets and a bed, and two pair of shoes, and some things; I detained them, and the next day they were taken before the Magistrate, and Smith came to give them a character, and Smith swore before the Magistrate, that the chest and contents were Manevil's, and signed his hand to the paper, and directly as Maneval saw him sign the paper, he gave an item, and Smith was ordered out; then Manevil confessed how they came by the chest; and I went in consequence to the prosecutor, in Wapping, in Milk-alley, he was in a very deplorable situation, having lost his all; I took him to Mr. Staples's, and the prosecutor described the property; then the three prisoners were all detained, the chest is in court, it has been in my possession ever since sealed up.
The Remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.
ERRATA. - No. V. Part I. page 684, line 7, for 
                  
                     John
                      Willes
                  



               , read 
                  
                     Edward
                      Willes
                  



               . - Page 690, last line but two, for fourteeen years, read seven.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 11th of MAY, 1785, and the following Days;
Being the FIFTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     RICHARD
                      CLARK
                  



               , LORD MAYOR OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY E. HODGSON, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND; And Published by Authority.
NUMBER V. PART III.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXV.

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  Charles
                   Smith
               



            , 
               
                  Michael
                   Manevel
               



            , and 
               
                  Peter
                   Mumford
               



            .
Court. Are there any examinations returned? - Here is a confession of Manevel's.
Mathews. I saw Smith sign a paper to his worship, but I believe it was erroneous, I believe it is not here.
Court. If there was any evidence given in writing, I cannot receive your evidence; is there anybody here belonging to Justice Staples, that saw this signed? - No, I did not see it.
Court. Then the confession is out of the case.
(The things deposed to.)
The linen marked 
               
                  Oswald
                   Ray
               



            ; here are two bibles, my father's name is on them.


                  JOHN
                   PURDIE
               



             sworn.
I stopped two of these prisoners, Manevel and Mumford, in Ayliffe-street, Goodman's-fields, with this property; one had the chest, and the other the mattrass; I carried them to the watch-house, and asked them where they brought it from, they said from New Crane; I asked them from where, they said from on board the Betsy, a ship lying at New Crane.
Court. Was you present at the examination before the Justice? - Yes.
Was what passed before the Justice taken down in writing? - Yes.
Court. Then I will hear no more about it.


                  WILLIAM
                   RIPPON
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol, the watchman stopped these men, and he called me to aid and assist him, they said they brought it from New Crane, from on board a ship the Betsy, and we asked them for the key, they said they had left it on board the ship, we took them to the watch-house, and they were committed.
PRISONER SMITH's DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say, I assisted to carry the chest on board the ship, to go to sea; I had no inclination to take it, but I left it in these two people's charge.


                  ELIZABETH
                   EVATT
               



             sworn.
I have known Smith ever since the 10th of January last, he lodged with me, I always found him a good character.



                  ELEANOR
                   EVATT
               



             sworn.
I am daughter to the last witness, I have known Smith above a twelvemonth, his general character was a very honest, sober, young man; I never heard anything to the contrary.
PRISONER MANEVEL's DEFENCE.
On Friday night Mumford and me went to Tower-hill, and he left me to go to fetch his chest up, and I was not well able to walk; it was near nine o'clock; and they brought the chest, and Smith set down the chest to go for more things, they staid so long, that I was afraid some accident would happen to the chest, and for fear of that I told Mumford it was best to take it to Red Lyon Court, and leave it there till morning, then we would go down and tell them where it was, and in going along the watchman took us up; he asked us what it was, I did not know what to say, I was frightened; I said it was mine, I was afraid of any accident coming to the chest.


                  ELIZABETH
                   EVATT
               



             sworn.
I have known this prisoner Manevel three years and an half, he sailed with my son, he is a good sober honest lad, I never found him to the contrary; I trusted him with all I had.


                  ELEANOR
                   EVATT
               



             sworn.
I have known him as long as my mother, I never heard any thing but that he was a very sober honest young man.
PRISONER MUMFORD'S DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say, only that Smith asked me to go down and help him down with the chest; I have the same two witnesses.


                  Elizabeth
                   Evatt
               



            . The prisoner Mumford is a weaver
, he works very hard for his living, he lives in my house.


                  Eleanor
                   Evatt
               



            . I know no further of him than living in my mother's house; I never heard any harm of him, I know all his friends.
Jury. We wish to ask whether this man was to be paid as a porter for assisting Smith in carrying these things away?
Mumford. He told me he would give me two shillings.
Ray. Smith told me he would take a porter from the street, and give him half a crown, which I gave him for that purpose.
Jury. Was you fetched as a porter, or did you fall into their company by accident? - I was at work, and they asked me to go out, they came home to my lodgings.
Prisoner Smith. We all lodge together.
ALL THREE 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
