





466. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GORDON
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Skinner
                        



                     
                  , on the 1st of May
, about the hour of eleven in the night, and burglariously, stealing therein, one cloth coat, called a box coat, value 30 s. one drab coat, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Godfrey 
                           Thornton
                        



                     
                  , Esq
. two shirts, value 8 s. two muslin neckcloths, value 3 s. one linen handkerchief, value 1 s. and one looking-glass, in a mahogany frame, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Pitt
                     



.


                  WILLIAM
                   PITT
               



             sworn.
I am coachman
 to Mr. Thornton; I left my stable door safe locked, and all the things in it; about a quarter before eleven, on the night of the 4th of May, on a Tuesday; I put the key in my pocket and left all the things safe that are in the indictment; when I came in the morning, about seven, I found the door nailed up, the lock had been wrenched; there are dwelling-rooms over the stables; the things were taken out of the stable; the dwelling-rooms belong to the man that had the whole yard; his name is 
               
                  William
                   Skinner
               



            ; he dwells there; he rents the stable, and the master I drive for, rents them of him; my master pays so much a year for them; I have seen the great coat since; I never saw the prisoner before.


                  WILLIAM
                   SKINNER
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman
; I let the stable to Mr. Clarke, and Mr. Thornton's carriage stands in it; he hires horses of Mr. Clarke.
You have no occupation of the stable? - No, a little after eleven the watchman came by and said, Mr. Pitt's stable door was open, and he did not know whether any thing was stolen; I was gone to bed and did not go down; in the morning about six, I saw the door was nailed up; I know nothing of the things that were in it.


                  WILLIAM
                   GOUGH
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol of the Eastern division in the city; on Wednesday night, the 2d of May, I, and Ellis, and Robinson, were going up Woolpack-alley, Houndsditch, andwe met the prisoner and a woman just before him; Ellis saw this man go up Woolpack-alley, and I saw him catch hold of the cuffs of this box coat.
How did the prisoner carry it? - He had it on his back; he wore it as a coachman; he says, halloo, what have you here my friend; the prisoner said, a coat; says he, what are you? says the prisoner, I am a coachman; then I went and looked at him, and let him go about ten yards from me; it struck me directly, he was no coachman, and that it looked too good for a hackneyman's coat; and I stopped him again; I accosted him, my friend, where did you get this coat? says he, what is that to you? which gave me a suspicion he had not come honestly by it; I took him out of Woolpack-alley, to the sign of the Cock and Bible, and asked him how he came by the coat; he said a friend at Westminster had lent it him; I then searched him, and in his pockets I found these two keys; this key opens the room door where he lodges; I took him to the Compter that night, and he was examined before the Alderman; he said, he would send for a friend that he bought the coat of; we waited an hour; I was informed the coat was advertised in the Gazetteer; I went and found it; the coat answered the advertisement; the coachman came and swore to the coat directly; Alderman Townsend immediately granted a search warrant, and I went with two or three more, and one of the keys opened the room door, which I supposed to be his lodging, in Gun-yard, Petticoat-lane; there we found an iron crow and four picklock-keys, a gimblet, and a dark lanthorn; there were a man and woman which we apprehended, who were playing at cards; the door was open; we tried several locks about the premises, but the other key did not answer to any.
What time was this on the Wednesday night? - It was about five minutes after ten that I took the things upon him.
Are you sure that was the time? - Yes.
(The coat deposed to.)


                  JOHN
                   ELLIS
               



             sworn.
I am one of the Eastern division of the City patrol; I was going up Woolpack-alley, with the last witness, and met this man; Gough was rather a head of me; Woolpack-alley is near half a mile from the stables; I pulled hold of the lap of the coat; he had this coat on; he said, he was a coachman; we took him to a publick-house, in Houndsditch, and we pulled it off him; he said, it was lent him by a person at Westminster, who he was going to see; he was committed, and the Alderman granted a warrant, and we went to the lodgings we supposed to be his; and I found these things, two lanthorns and a crow, and picklock-keys, and a gimblet; there was a boy and a girl in the room when we went up; we took them to the Compter; while I was in the room looking about, I found these keys and this gimblet, and this crow, under a sack in the window; the crow exactly fitted the place of the stable door where the door was broke open; it was tried by me and others.


                  JOSEPH
                   ROBINSON
               



             sworn.
I was with the other two, in Woolpack-alley; we met the prisoner with the great coat on him, and we took charge of him; he said, first, he was a coachman; we took him to the publick-house; then he said, he was a sailor, and he borrowed it of a friend, at the other end of the town; I staid with the prisoner while they went to his lodgings.
Gough. The coat was delivered by the Alderman's orders to the coachman, having no other to wear; I had it before, and when I gave it him, I put a mark upon it.


                  VALENTINE
                   FITZGERALD
               



             sworn.
I am watchman in Bishopsgate Without; when I beat my rounds about a quarter past ten at night, I found Pitt, Mr. Thornton's coachman, in his stable; and at about a quarter past eleven, I saw the door-jar.

Did it appear to you how it was broke open? - I considered no further then, but went to tell Mr. Pitt; and I got Sam Carter, whose coach stands next to Pitt's, to nail up the door; the lock was not broke, it appeared to be forced back back; this is the very thing, (Looking at the crow.)


                  BRIDGET
                   DILLON
               



             sworn.
I am a house-keeper; I live in Green-yard, Spital-fields; I came to Guildhall, and Mr. Gough asked me if I knew the young man; I said, I knew him by sight; he used to come after a young woman that lodged at my house; he paid me the rent always, duly and honestly; he came backwards and forwards to 
               
                  Sall
                   Bailey
               



            ; the prisoner never lodged with me in his life, but he lodged with that girl when he pleased.
Have not you a young man and a young woman, lodgers in your house? - Yes, I have a bricklayer's labourer lodges in it, and a young woman.
Mr. Gough. The girl's name is 
               
                  Sarah
                   Bailey
               



            , and the lad's name I do not know rightly.
Dillon. 
               
                  Sall
                   Bailey
               



             lodges with me, and I took her in as an honest girl; she paid her rent.
What was the young man's name? - She is the girl that took the room of me; I do not know his name; I think she called him brother, they came as brother and sister, I never asked his name in my life; the girl took the room of me, I did not take her in as a bad girl.
Did not the prisoner lodge in the same room with these people? - Not to my knowledge.
Did you ever see him there with your lodgers, with 
               
                  Sarah
                   Bailey
               



            ? - I have seen him going up and down very often.
PRISONER'S DEFENCE.
I bought this coat in Rosemary-lane on Wednesday, I believe it was the 2d of May, between four and five; I have witnesses I believe at the door; after I was taken up, I had not time to send to the place where I bought it, the man was not at home; but he heard of it after, and he said, if any thing further came of it; he would appear.


                  SAMUEL
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
Are you a house-keeper? - No Sir.
What is your business? - A wire drawer.
Where do you live? - In the Borough.
With whom do you work? - With Mr. Luxford in Houndsditch; I was drinking in Rosemary-lane a pint of beer, this man came in to bargain for a coat, and the prisoner chucked down a guinea and some silver, I cannot say how much silver, a man brought it there, and this gentleman the prisoner bargained for it, and gave a guinea and some silver, seven or eight and twenty or thirty shillings; there was a guinea and some silver thrown down, I did not take any particular notice; I knew nothing at all of the man, I was there before they came in; it was between four and five as near as I can recollect; it was on Wednesday.
Were they all strangers to you? - Yes.
How long did you stay in the house? - I staid about two hours; the man that sold the coat went directly, as soon as he sold it; and as soon as the prisoner had drank his pint of beer, he went away; I never saw the prisoner before.
He had never seen you before this? - No never.
You and he had no conversation at all about this coat? - No.
I should be very glad to know, as the prisoner and you were total strangers, and you had no conversation about this coat, how he came to find you out? - He sent down to the house, to know whether there was ever a one that saw him buy the coat, and I went there the next evening, and they asked me if I saw the coat sold, and I said yes; and if it was wanted, I would go and say so.
How many people were in the public-house besides you? - There were a great many; I cannot say how many there were, I did not take any particular notice at all.

Was that a house you frequented much? - No; I call there now and then to see an acquaintance, a breeches-maker.
Had you ever been in that house before? - Yes.
Do the people of the house know you? - No, they do not, only by sight; I have been there five or six times before this.
Court to Gough. Did the prisoner ever say any thing to you about purchasing the great coat? - No my Lord, not to my knowledge, he never did.
Court to Ellis and Robinson. Did the prisoner ever say thing to you about purchasing the great coat? - No, my Lord.
Prisoner. I told the alderman that I gave the money for the coat, and he waited an hour for me, to see if the witness would come; I told them I bought it.
Court to Gough. Did he say before the alderman that he had bought it, or it was lent him? - He said before the alder- that he had bought it, but not to us; he told the alderman he would send for a friend, but that friend never came.




               GUILTY 30 s.
             But not of the burglary.




               Transported for seven years
            .
