





625. 
               
                  
                     MOSES 
                     PIKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, forty-one wooden deals, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           Graham
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Count
                        



                     
                  , in a certain barge on the navigable River of Thames
            .


                  ANDREW
                   GRAHAM
               



             sworn.
I intrusted some deals to Mr. Sainsbury.
- SAINSBURY sworn.
Examined by Mr. Chetwood, Council for the Prosecution.
I was intrusted with some deals by Mr. Graham, and I brought them up in a lighter on the 5th of May, and I was afraid she would sink, and I put forty-one into the long-boat, and brought them to Limehouse-dock along side the barge; she lay in Limehouse-dock aground in the evening of the 5th of May, and a little after three in the morning I went to look after her, and I found the boat was gone, and I found it at Ratcliffe-cross empty; a man on the wharf informed me that the watchman was carrying some deals up to Ratcliffe watchouse; I went there and saw fifteen deals set up in the Narrow-street; the watchman had carried the other up to the watch-house.
Court. Do you know them? - Yes, I marked them with chalk; I am sure to the deals, there were five I had put marks on, and nine of them were numbered.
Mr. Peat, Prisoner's Council. They were marked with white chalk? - Yes, but I can easily distinguish them and swear to them.


                  WILLIAM
                   CARTWRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman at Ratcliffe, I know the prisoner, I saw him going along with a deal on his shoulder to the back door of his house, and there were some in a narrow place; he was stopped on suspicion, and carried to the watch-house with the deal.
Were they piled up against the wall? - The were some on one side and some on the other, they were put down on the ground, between the water-side and his house: we saw Mr. Sainsbury the next morning.
Did you shew him the very deal you had taken off that man's shoulder? - It was marked with three notches on one side, and one on the other, with a knife.
Sainsbury. I saw the cross the chalk mark.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, I live in Queen-street, and have lived there five years; the Saturday night before this happened my yard had been robbed, my fowls and things were taken away, and they accused the watchman. I went along three parts of this alley, and there lay that deal, I took it up and carried it in, and the watchman took me.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a very good character.
Court to Jury. This is made capital by a particular act of Parliament taking away the benefit of Clergy from such as shall steal to the value of 40 s. on the navigable River of Thames, &c. you know the exactness of the law requires, that every fact to constitute that which is precisely stated in the indictment, must be supported by evidence, and this evidence does not support the description of being upon the navigable River of Thames, therefore he must be acquitted of the capital part of the indictment.




               GUILTY Of stealing
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
