





725. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STONE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th day of June
 last, one metal watch, value 3 l. the property of Sir


                           Robert 
                           Hescott
                        




                     
                  , privily in the shop of 
                     
                        John
                         Alcock
                     



.


                  JOHN
                   ALCOCK
               



             sworn.
I am a Watchmaker in St. Martin's-lane


, I had a watch in my custody, the property of Sir 
               
                  Robert
                   Hescott
               



             for the purpose of being mended: on the 10th of June last, two men came into my shop to have a glass fitted to a watch, while I was fitting the glass there came another to have a minute hand fitted, I told him to wait a minute, I fitted the glass for the other two and away they went; while I was fitting the minute hand the prisoner came in, he placed himself close by a shew glass where hung this watch; he came to ask me the price of some time pieces that were in the window, he wanted the furthermost; I told him they were not to be sold but in pairs, he said those were not pairs, when he pointed to the furthermost I had then no sight of the shew glass.
Court. Are you sure and positive that you saw this watch belonging to Sir 
               
                  Robert
                   Hescott
               



             while the prisoner was in the shop, after the two men were gone out? - I am positive the watch was in the shew glass when the prisoner came in; when the other, who I since understand was his brother, was gone, I followed the prisoner to the door, and immediately missed the watch, and concluded this man I had fitted the minute hand for, must be a confederate of his, as he never was within the reach of it.
Do you swear positively that this man for whom you fitted the minute hand was not in reach of the watch? - Yes, I do swear positively that he was on the right hand of me, therefore he could not be within reach of it, I stood betwen him and the shew glass.
Did you see the watch after the two men lest the shop? - Yes, I did, and it was in the glass case after the two men had lest it, and when the prisoner came in when I missed the watch I suspected the man as being a confederate of the prisoner, because he must see him take it as he stood opposite the shew glass, I followed him, and in going through the courts to May's-buildings and Bedford-court I lost him; I then went into Maiden-lane, and in a passage that leads into the Strand I saw the four, the prisoner and the three men that had been in the shop standing close together as if viewing their booty; immediately upon the sight of me they all ran away, some one way some the other, I followed them, the prisoner ran into Maiden-lane, I followed him, and he ran down another court into the Strand, I still followed him, and in crossing the Strand he by accident I suppose fell down, by which means I took him, but I cannot recollect what he said.
Mr. Chatwood Prisoner's Counsel. You did not find any thing upon him? - No, Sir.
He was searched? - Yes.
This watch is not laid in the indictment as being your own? - It is not my own.
Whose watch was it? - It is Sir 
               
                  Robert
                   Hescott
               



            's.
Is he a Knight or a Baronet? - I cannot tell, he is a stranger to me.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, I leave it all to my Counsel, when I was apprehended I was at the end of the alley making water, and as soon as this man came up he laid hold of me and accused me, I told him I wanted no officer, I went with him immediately.
Court to Prosecutor. Had you any conversation with that man in the shop? - Yes.
Did he stammer as this man does? - Yes.
What is the value of this watch? - I allowed him three guineas for it.
Have you bought it? - He had a watch in exchange for it upon the loss of it.
Jury to Prosecutor. Was he making water? - No, he was upon the run and I after him, I never saw him make water.
Mr. Chetwood. My Lord, I beg leave to object in this case, that this statute under which this indictment is framed for privately stealing, does not extend to shops that are made warehouses.
Court. Look in Foster under the title Warehouse; 
               
                  John
                   Howard
               



            's case,
"By the word warehouse in the statute is meant not merely repositories for goods, but such places as are in the nature of shops; though the goods might with propriety enough be called the property of the prosecutor, yet his warehouse was not a place for sale; the meaning of this act with respect to shop-lifting must be such goods as are usually exposed to sale in the shop; I think your are right Mr. Chetwood in your objection.
The Prisoner called one witness to his character.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, this is laid as a capital offence, but the counsel for the prisoner has taken very properly an objection in respect to that part which capitally affects the prisoner, for this was not the property of Alcock, and was not left there for sale, but for another purpose; therefore you must acquit the prisoner of the capital part of the charge.




               GUILTY. Of Stealing but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
