





282. 
               
                  HARTY 
                  BENJAMIN
               



             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Evans
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of six in the night, on the 9th day of February
, and burglariously stealing therein, one cloth jacket, value 12 s. a bed gown, value 6 d. an apron, value 6 d. a hat, value 6 d. one half crown, value 2 s. 6 d. and 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jones
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I live in Nightingale lane


, at the house of 
               
                  Ann
                   Evans
               



            ; last Friday was a week, I lost my things; I went out about a little business, between two and three in the afternoon; and I left nobody in my apartment; I locked the door of my apartment; there were other lodgers in the house; I came home between eight and nine; I went round to the back door of my room, which is in a back yard, and I found a pane of glass picked out; my apartment is on the ground floor; the door goes into the entry, and there is a staircase; my door is at the foot of the staircase; it is part of Mrs. Evans's house; the door was shut as I left it; the casement window was open.
Was the pane that was picked out near the handle which opens the casement? - Close by it, any body might put in their hand and open the casement; that casement was shut when I went out; I am sure of that; when I went in I searched my drawers and places, and all about, and missed nothing then; in the morning I missed my things, and some of my wife's; they had been hanging behind the door; my drawers were not locked; nothing was taken out of the drawers; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; they were all in one place; my wife came home with me, and the next day I found the things at the office, and the prisoner in custody; I first saw him in the lock-up room and the things on the tap room table; it was at the King's Arms, East Smithfield.


                  ROBERT
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
On the evening of the robbery, on the Friday week last, a few minutes before eight, I was coming along; I saw the prisoner, with these things under his arm rolled up pretty tight; I went close by his side; he was going towards Rosemary-lane, from the prosecutor's house; I followed him to the top of the street; he went over the way to a clothes-shop, and some few words past between him and a man; I came up and asked him what he had there, and took him to the King's Arms; he told me they were some things of his mother's, that she had sent him to sell; I asked him, where his mother lived; he said, in Petticoat-lane; I advised him, as the Magistrates were then sitting, to send for his mother; and I believe had the mother come that evening and claimed the things he might have been discharged; the prosecutor was a painter, and the landlord of this house knew the jacket; and there is the initials of the prosecutor's name on each of the buttons; then the next morning he said he bought them for three shillings, and was going to sell them again; there was the mark of a shoe on the top of the drawers, which corresponded exactly with the shoe of the prisoner; the shoe had been soled, and not soled home; that corresponded with the mark where the seam was.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Last Friday week I went out to sell my goods, and went to buy some more, and I bought these things to get a shilling by; sometimes I go to the other end of thetown, and I bought them for four shillings.




               GUILTY, But not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
