





6. 
               
                  
                     MATILDA 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of November
 last, a silver watch, value 20 s. a steel chain, value 6 d. a glass seal, value 2 d. a stone seal, set in base metal, value 2 d. a key, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        M'pherson
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)
WILLIAM M'PHERSON sworn.
I know the prisoner; on the 3d of November, as I was going home through the King's Mews, I think between eight and nine in the evening, I came through the south part of the Mews into Castle-street


, and this woman asked me in a familiar manner, how I did; I stopped; she gave me a pinch of snuff, and asked me for something to drink; I think I gave her a penny; and I think she desired me to step within-side the Mews; I was then out of the Mews.
She asked you to step into the Mews? - I think so; however we went into the Mews; she pressed me close against the wall, and asked me what I would give her, I said I had some half pence in my pocket, and I would give her all the half-pence I had; at the same time, I removed my watch into my waistcoat pocket, chain and all; for I suspected by her manner, she meant to take it; she pressed me close to the wall again, and went from me abruptly; I put my hand to my waist coat pocket, and missed my watch; I made a stretch after her, and caught hold of her left hand; I said she had taken my watch, for all her kindness; she denied it; I asked to search her, and she would not permit me; a person unknown to me came past at the time; I desired him to search her, which he did, and declared she had no watch; I did not know that person; it was dark.
She would let him search her, would she? - Yes; I said she had my watch, and I would keep by her till I had her searched; we went then out of the Mews into Castle-street together; I had hold of her arm all the while, and through Orange-court, into Orange-street; and I entreated her to give me the watch; and I said I would take her to the office. She wanted to get into a publick house in Orange-street to get gin; I said it was not gin I wanted, I wanted my watch; she struggled then not to go into the office; we went through Long's-court, and she went into the pawn-broker's at the corner;we both went in together; she said she wanted a petticoat; that she had a countryman, who would pledge his watch; I said she had stole or picked my watch out of my pocket, and I wanted her searched; a person in the shop discovered the watch in her stocking.
Did you see it taken out? - Yes; she took it out herself, and desired I should take it. Mr. Crouch, the pawn-broker, desired I should not, till he had sent for constable: she laid it down on the counter till the constable came in; she begged of me to take the watch, and I wished to have taken it; however the constable took her away and the watch; I went to the office, and begged the clerk and constable to discharge her, and they said they could not; and I was obliged to attend the next day at the office; I told them if it was possible to discharge her, I wished it; they said they could not.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
He gave me the watch, when I told him I was in distress; he said he did not mind pawning his watch for half-a-crown, so as I would give him part of the money; the next day we went to the pawn-broker together, and the pawn-broker said, did you give the woman the watch, or did she take it; he said I took it, and the pawnbroker sent for a constable.
Court to Prosecutor. Was this woman an acquaintance of your's before? - I think I have seen her in the street before.
Was she a country woman of your's? - I only know by her manner of speech; she affected the Scotch dialect, and spoke very familiar. I know no further.
Court. Did you give her the watch? - No, by no means.
Nor you did not agree that the watch should be pawned to redeem her petticoat? - No.
There was not then any agreement between you that any money should be raised on this watch? - None at all; I gave her nothing but the half-pence, nor promised her any thing but the half-pence.
Prisoner. He gave me nothing.
Court to Prosecutor. Was you in liquor at all? - No quite to her; I had walked eight miles, and was on my way home; then I had nothing.
I think you said you had some suspicion before? - Yes.
Did you perceive her hands about you? - Yes.
Did you perceive them in your pocket about your which, that made you suspect? - No; I do not recollect that I felt her take the watch from me.
But you will not swear upon your oath, that you did not perceive, at the time just before she abruptly left you, you did not perceive her hand in your waistcoat pocket? - No.
Did she walk away from you? - Yes; a few paces, about two yards.
WILLIAM CROUCH sworn.
I am a pawn-broker; on the 3d of November, the prisoner and the prosecutor came into our shop; the prisoner said she had brought a countryman to pawn his watch; he said no, she had robbed him of his watch, and that she denied having the watch; and he said he was quite confident she had it; I asked her if she had taken his watch from him, and she denied it to me; then he wished to have a constable sent for; and when the constable was going for, she put her foot on a bench in the shop, and I looked over the counter, and saw the watch in her shoe, and she took it out from her stocking; the constable came, and the prosecutor wanted me to give him the watch; the constable took the watch off the counter, and took her to the justice.
Was the man sober? - Yes; he appeared as sober as he is now.
Was the woman sober? - I believe she was rather in liquor.
Did you know the woman before? - I have seen her before.
Had she ever pawned any thing at your shop? - Nothing but her own articles.
Was there any thing in pawn of her's at your shop at that time? - I do notrecollect that there was; she mentioned something of a petticoat, she either said she wanted to buy one, or to fetch one out of pledge, I am not sure which; I was busy with other customers.


                  RICHARD
                   DORRINGTON
               



             sworn.
I belong to Mr. Hyde's office; between eight and nine Mr. Crouch came for me; when I want there, the watch lay on the counter: this is the watch, it has been in my custody ever since.
(Produced and deposed to by the name, on the dial plate, and the inside.)
Had you ever been in company with the woman before? - Not that I recollect.
You do not know but you might? - I have seen her in the street before.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The man in the Mews said, he had no money; says I, pawn your watch; says he, I do not mind that, if you are in distress, for I know you before; says I, if I had money you should be welcome; and so we went to the pawnbroker's, to pawn the watch, to get out a petticoat, because I had been four months ill.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
