





248. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HART
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th day of January
, one linen cloth, value 1 d. one rush basket, value 2 d. sixteen pounds weight of mutton, value 6 s. three pounds-weight of cheese, value 15 d. and four pounds weight of butter, value 2 s. four ounces of tea, value 15 d. two pounds of moist sugar, value 10 d. and one pound of loaf sugar, value 8 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Collinson
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   COLLINSON
               



             sworn.
On Saturday night last, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, altogether to the value of twelve shillings; I live at Stratford


, I delivered my parcel to the coachman in Whitechapel to take to Stratford, about three in the afternoon, and in about five minutes after, I was informed my basket was taken out of the boot of the coach; I pursued after the person, and the coachman brought back the prisoner and the parcel, and he was committed; it was my parcel which the coachman took from the prisoner, the Justice gave me leave to make use of the goods, but bid me keep the basket and the apron.


                  THOMAS
                   MELLER
               



             sworn.
I am the coachman, the prisoner took the basket out of the boot of my coach; I stood on the other side, I never took my eyes off him, till I took him with the basket in his right hand, he dropped the basket when I took hold of him, it was full then and very heavy.
(The basket and cloth deposed to.)
Prisoner. I had the basket in my hand, but I did not take it out of the coach; I was coming along, I am a discharged serjeant
, I follow porterage: and I stopped just by Gulston-square, and a man came up to me, and says he, will you carry a load for me; I stopped for a moment, and he came running with a basket, and said, walk along with me smartly; and they came and took me, says I, there is the man that gave it to me, and I pointed to the man.
Coachman. I saw him take it out of the boot.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
