





727. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILKINSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, one woollen cloth coat, value 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Jones
                     



                  ; and two linen sheets, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Thomas
                  



               
            , widow
.


                  THOMAS
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I lodge with Mrs. Thomas; I missed my coat on Saturday, the 14th of July; when I went to work, it was on the box in the room; it was rather latish when I came home, between nine and ten, and the coat was gone; I never saw it again till I saw it at Guildhall, in about three weeks afterwards; it was advertized; I went there, and the pawnbroker produced it; I never saw the prisoner but once; he lodged in the same house, and slept with me that night; I had never seen him before; I left him in bedwhen I went out; he was in custody when I went to Guildhall.
Prisoner. Did not you say at Guildhall, you did not know me? - I did not take a great deal of notice of you when we went to bed together.
Court. Are you quite sure he is the man that slept with you that night? - I am not quite sure he is the man; I am not very safe.


                  ELIZABETH
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner on the Friday night to lodge in my house, but I cannot swear it is the same fellow; it is the same clothes, that is all I can say; I took him to lodge the night before the things was lost; when I went to make the bed where he lay, I missed the sheets; I saw them again before the Magistrate; there is no name on them, but I know them by the pieces I put in.


                  WILLIAM
                   VINCENT
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner on the 14th of July, as he was going to pledge the things.
(The things produced and sworn to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I bought them, and wanting money, I went to pledge them.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
