





566. 
               
                  
                     RALPH 
                     FORES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st day of June
, twenty yards of tambour worked muslin, vale 6 l. and one neckcloth, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Ballance
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  MARY
                   BALLANCE
               



             sworn.
I am wife of the prosecutor; the prisoner opened the outer door, and came into the kitchen; and asked for a lodger, one 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Pike
               



            , and he went out of doors, and Pike came in, and he came in directly after him, and said, Oh you are at home now; they talked together, but I cannot tell what they said; I heard them say something about twelve; this was about a quarter after eleven at night; the prisoner staid about five or six minutes, he went away and left Pike there, after he was gone 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Pike
               



             asked me for a light, and instead of taking one, he doubted mine; the prisoner was in the house, and I saw Pike take the muslin, which was in a frame, out of a chair, and give it to the prisoner, and a muslin neckcloth they dropped in the entry; this was twenty yards of my master's property; my master first valued it at 5 l. 18 s. then he said, as I was a poor girl he would abate something; it was worth more than 40 s.; we took the prisoner on Friday night; I have not been able to find Pike; they staid in the entry till they folded it up into the frame; I alarmed the neighbours; I saw the prisoner one night before, he came and asked for Ben's work? the muslin was never found; the neckcloth was picked up in the entry by a young woman.
Mr. Peatt, prisoner's counsel. Pike asked you for a candle? - Yes, they took away the frame with the muslin, it was in the room in the arm chair, in one frame; it was very dark when the candle was out, but I could see by the light of the muslin; it was very dark, and the window was shut; nobody came in but this young woman that picked up the neckcloth; I have twenty-four women lodge in the house, but they were all in bed; I always examine them all the last thing at night; the candle was out when this young woman came in; I was very much frightened when they came in; there was a young woman laid asleep.
It was rather lightish out of doors that you could see by the street door. - It was light enough to discover any body in the entry, I discovered Ben. Pike going to the chair, and giving the muslin to the prisoner; I had seen the prisoner about a fortnight before this, only once, I believe it was the 30th of May; the street door was wide open, but they stood in the entry.


                  MARY
                   SHAFFLE
               



             sworn.
As I was coming home I saw Ben. Pike and the prisoner going into the prosecutor's house, where, I believe, they went in about eleven o'clock, within about five minutes as near as I can guess; I heard no cry, only a little talking as Ben. Pike and the prisoner talked together, but the prosecutrix made an alarm, and said she was robbed of her property.
Did the cry out for some person to come to her assistance? - Yes; I saw Ben. Pike and the prisoner come out of the door with a bundle, but which of them it was I cannot say.
What sort of bundle? - A hoop at top with an iron at bottom.
Court to prosecurix. You say you saw Pike take this muslin out of the chair? - Yes.
How near was the chair to the door? - As close as that table is; I complained on the Friday.


                  ISAAC
                   RODEREVYS
               



             sworn.
I am a butcher by trade; I have known the prisoner these nine or ten years, he has very often lived in my service, a very upright young man as I would wish to hire.
What has been his character for this last twelve months? - Very good, he is known to be an upright man; these people that act in such a cruel manner would have compounded this matter in a notorious manner, they made me that offer, they wanted 6 l. 5 s. and said it was a pity; on the 2d or 3d of July, I was in court, he sent for me, I came, I was informed that two men had robbed Mr. and Mrs. Ballance, they offered to take 6 l. 5 s. for the whole.
Court to Mrs. Ballance. Is that true? - No Sir, I told Mr. Staple what had been offered me, and he said, do not take any money by any means.


                  JOHN
                   COSLETT
               



             sworn.
I am a broker, I have known the prisoner twelve years; within these last twelve months he was clerk with me, he was exceedingly honest, I have trusted him with many pounds, he was admitted wherever I was, and always behaved well, he has bore a very good character.
Court. What are you? - A house broker.
What sort of a thing is a tambour frame? - It is an hoop, and has an iron at the bottom.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before M. Justice HEATH.
