





17. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMART
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d day of December
, one cambrick handkerchief, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Bayley
                  




               
            , Esquire
.


                  THOMAS
                   GALE
               



             sworn.
On Thursday, about twelve, I was coming down by St. Andrew's Church


, and I saw a gentleman go by before me, and three boys; this boy and another made a motion to attack the gentleman's pocket, this boy put his hand in the gentleman's pocket, and ran over to Field-lane, and dispatched the handkerchief.
Did you see him put his hand into the gentleman's pocket? - I did.
Are you quite positive? - I am.
Did you see what he took out? - The gentleman's handkerchief, it appeared to me to be a white handkerchief, it was done so sudden I could not venture to say what it was, I called after the gentleman, I told him where the boy was; they ran over the way, right against the gentleman, I imagine he came for a second attack.
Court. Did the lad that put his hand into his pocket run up Field-lane? - Yes, he was out of my sight, but I am quite sure he is the lad; I had stopped the gentleman and he went to go after him, and before he could get off the curb, the lad was right up against him again.
Should you know the gentleman again if you saw him? - Yes, that is the gentleman.


                  NATHANIEL
                   BAYLEY
               



            , Esq. sworn.
This man run after me, and with a very earnest countenance, asked me if I had lost any thing, I clapped my hand to my pocket, and found I had lost my handkerchief, I am sure I had two, I carry two; as he spoke to me, he said this lad picked your pocket, and I seized the lad; when I first saw the prisoner, he was walking with another lad, I think they were arm in arm; says I, is it you, you dog, that picked my pocket? the other boy ran away, this boy began to cry: several very reputable people came out of their shops, the boy was taken to the constable's, and nothing found.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was by myself, I was not by the gentleman indeed, I was going into Fleet-market of an errand for my mother.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY
            .
Recommended by the Jury.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
