





439. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MURPHY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of June
, a pair of silver salts, value 20 s. a silver funnel, value 20 s. and two silver salt spoons, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Edwards
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .



                  WILLIAM
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
On this day week I was in my warehouse, which is behind my house; I saw from the warehouse, the prisoner in the parlour, I then saw him take something from the side-board; immediately on his seeing me from the warehouse, he turned round to avoid me from the window; I came out from the warehouse into the street; I saw the prisoner walk out of the parlour into the passage and went in the street; I called to him and asked him what business he had there; he made no reply, I hastened after him and at the door laid hold of his collar; he was very reluctant; he resisted, I brought him back to the parlour, and rang a bell for a servant to come to me; he told me he wanted to see a Mrs. Smith, there was no such person; in my house, he said he had not seen her; I missed some of the things from the sideboard, and asked him if he had not got some of them, he said he had not; upon which I shook his coat and heard something rattle; I put my hand into his pocket and found this pair of salts, a wine funnel and two salt ladles; they are my property, they were in the parlour on the sideboard; I have no doubt of their being mine.
Prisoner. I never was inside the parlour a young man gave them to me; my father is a shoe-maker.
Prosecutor. I suppose the value is about forty-five shillings.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
