





208. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     RIDLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th day of February
, one linen sheet, value 1 s. one towel, value 2 d. two check aprons, value 1 s. two aprons, value 2 s. one gown, value 4 s. one waistcoat, value 18 d. two pair of cotton stockings, value 2 s. two linen table cloths, value 6 d. three pair of stockings, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Turner
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I live in Queen-street, Lincoln's-Inn-fields


, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, on the 17th of this month; I am servant
 to a gentleman, these things were taken from the house, I know the things, they have no mark on them.
Mr. Garrow. I believe they are your master's property? - The five aprons are mine, and a gown, and twelve pair of stockings, the rest were my master's, which were in my care; there was a cry of stop thief! I was in the kitchen, I did not go up stairs directly, but before I got up stairs the shop door was opened, and the things were put in; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   DOW
               



             sworn.
Last Friday night, about a quarter or twenty minutes after eight, I was sitting in my own parlour, I live in Little Queen-street, I went to the door, being informed by my son, and in three minutes I saw a man looking very earnestly up at the one pair of stairs window, and presently a bundle came out, he opened his hands, and received it in this manner; I hallooed out stop thief! he dropped the bundle, and ran away; I went across the way, and there was some clothes laying upon the payment, a sheet, a towel, and a checque apron while I was picking them up, the prisoner jumped out of the one pair of stairs window, I went to lay hold of him, but he got away from me, I got up Great Catherine-street, I followed him, and cried stop thief, and I saw a man a little way before me cross the way with a lanthorn in his hand, and he laid hold of him, I never lost sight of him, this is the same person that jumped out of the window, that was taken by the other man, I went with him directly to Justice Walker's, he was searched, and there was so d upon him, a knife, and two penny-worth of halfpence, no linen nor any thing else, he said, before the Justice, that he was coming along the street, and saw a man in a white coat running down the street, and he run after the man.


                  THOMAS
                   WELCH
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman, I saw the prisoner in Great Queen-street, last Friday, he was running away, and the last witness cried stop thief! and I stopped him.
Was there any body running before the prisoner, that he was in pursuit of, or was he running away? - No, there was nobody before him, I took him before the Justice, I am sure the prisoner is the person I stopped.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I drank tea with my mother, about half after six, and going to my master's for a last, I heard the cry of stop thief! there were a hundred and fifty people running, I was running up Queen-street, and the watchman stopped me.
Court to Welch. Was there these people running which he says? - There were a good many people after him, I did not see any body before him.
The prisoner called his master and four more witnesses, who all gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
