





443. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     O'BERGE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of March
 last, one pair of cloth breeches, value 2 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 3 s. a coat, value 10 s. a pair of silk breeches, value 2 s. a silk waistcoat, value 2 s. a woollen jacket, value 1 s. a linen shirt, value 1 s. a silver watch, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Nicholas 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John
                         Anderson
                     



.


                  NICHOLAS
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Old Gravel-lane


, at the old three Swedish crowns; I follow the sea; my things were under my landlord's care; I was sick in the hospital.


                  JOHN
                   ANDERSON
               



             sworn.
The prosecutor lodged at my house, in Old Gravel-lane, and the prisoner lodged with me; I knew he brought no clothes into the house, and I saw him one morning carry out a great bundle; I asked him where he was going; he said to the washer-woman's; then I saw him buy shoes and buckles, and I thought all was not right; and I went to overhaul, and I found the prosecutor's chest was broke open, and the things gone; the prosecutor was in the hospital; I took up the prisoner upon suspicion, and sent him to the watch-house; the officer found the things; the prisoner owned he had broke the chest open, and sold some of the clothes, and he would shew him where it was; the officer found the watch tied up in his shirt, the buckles never were found, he did not own to them.


                  THOMAS
                   COLE
               



             sworn.
I am an officer, I had a charge brought to me, and the prisoner said he would tell me where the things were; accordingly I went with him to different people's houses, and according as he told me, I found the property, which are here now to be produced; I went on a good while with him, about two hours, he walked something very comical, says I, what makes you walk so comical; says he, I have got a pain in my leg; I insisted on seeing, I went into a house, and there I searched him, and to the tail of his shirt I found a watch hanging between his legs, not concealed about him, but hanging as he walked along.
(The watch produced and deposed to.)


                  MARY
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I produce a waistcoat and a pair of breeches; I live at No. 1. Cable-street, I bought the breeches of the prisoner, and he left the waistcoat with me, in order to bring a coat and breeches which belonged to it for sale.


                  GEORGE
                   DAVY
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 105, Rosemary-lane, in the sale business; I have a coat, a pair of breeches, and a waistcoat; I bought them of the prisoner, the latter end of February.


                  WILLIAM
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I live in Queen-street, Tower-Hill; I have a jacket and an old shirt, I bought them of the prisoner the 7th of March.
(The various things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
There was a man lodged in the same house I did, he is a countryman of mine, two or three days before he went away, he told me he had some things, if I could do any good with them I might, and he went up stairs with me, and shewed me his chest, and opened it.
Court. Did not you know that the things belonged to Johnson? - No, I never knew that.

What countryman are you? - A Swede.
Court to Anderson. How long have you known this man? - He lodged with me ten days, he bears but a very indifferent character.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
