






633. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     HARLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bernardieu
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of two in the night, on the 18th day of May
 last, and burglariously stealing therein one wooden cask, containing three gallons of rum, value 20 s. one other cask containing four gallons of rasberry geneva, value 18 s. and four gallons of peppermint, value 16 s. his property
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BERNARDIEU
               



             sworn.
On the 18th of May last, I went into my cellar, and I found a hole cut in the brick-work in the wall, two feet one inch one way, and three feet six inches another way, there was a frame in that brick-work, which was taken out entirely, I saw the place the day before, between one and two, it was very safe; then I went and looked into the cellar where I keep my liquors, and I missed the things mentioned in the indictment: I saw the cask first in custody of the constable, there was the names of Thorp and Thornton on it, and about three gallons of rum in it and a pint, it was the wall of the back yard; my ground is enclosed with a wooden fence, and there is a passage goes through.
Mr. Peatt, Prisoner's Council. You say about half past two, Sir? - Yes.
It was quite light then? - No, Sir.
If anybody had been there could you have distinguished them? - In the yard I could, every door and part was fastened the night before.
That passage is a common thoroughfare? - Yes.


                  GEORGE
                   FERRY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to one Mr. Pointer in Shoreditch , about half after five the 18th of May , I saw this young man and another, the prisoner had a keg on his head, the other parted from him; when I went to him he put the cask on the ground and ran away: it has been in my possession ever since.


                  JOHN
                   GREENWOOD
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday the 18th of May, I got up at four in the morning and about five I saw the prisoner running very fast, and I heard somebody call out stop thief, I caught the prisoner, he said for God's sake let me go; I secured him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
They scratched the cask at the Justice's, to know it again.
Court to Prosecutor. Is your cellar under lock and key? - Yes.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
