





820. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     MAYNARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Pool
                        




                     
                  , about one in the night, on the 25th of September
 last, and stealing therein two pieces of pork, weight about eleven pounds, value 5 s. one pig's foot, value 3 d. an iron shovel, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        John
                         Pool
                     



                  , in the said dwelling-house
            .
The witnesses examined apart.


                  JOHN
                   POOLE
               



             sworn.
I keep an eating-house in the Broad-way; Westminster




; I rent the house of one Captain Serjeant, at this place where the things were taken from; I rent them two rooms of Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Cole
               



            ; I went out between ten and half after; I saw every thing safe; I returned immediately and went to bed; I went out the next morning about half after five, and when I came down stairs, the door of my apartments that I rent of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Cole
               



            , was broke open; I missed two pieces of pork, one pig's foot, and an iron kitchen shovel; I saw the prisoner that night by our door with several more; the pork I valued at 5 s. the pig's foot 2 d. and the shovel 2 s. I never saw it afterwards till I was asked if I had lost any thing, then I saw the shovel, it is here and produced by Acton, (deposed to.)
- ACTON sworn.
I am one of the beadles of St. Martin's parish; about two o'clock in the morning, Curtis brought this shovel into the watch-house, with some pork, it has been in my possession ever since.
- CURTIS sworn.
I am a watchman, I gave this shovel to Acton; it was dropped in the Ambury with this pork; the prisoner lives in the Broadway, about half a furlong; it was dropped by the prisoner at the bar; he passed me with this poker and shovel under his arm; it was the same night the prosecutor'sroom was broke open; I knew the prisoner before, (the things deposed to.)
Prisoner. I know nothing of it.




               GUILTY OF STEALING ONLY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
