





480. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TWITE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th day of June
, twelve bottles of red wine, value 12 s. twelve bottles of white wine, value 12 s. three pictures, framed and glazed, value 3 s. and one linen towel, value 6 d.
             the property of the Honourable


                     Martha Maria 
                     Hervey
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  WILLIAM
                   EMMES
               



             sworn.
I live at Brompton, at Thoburn's nursery; I know very little of this business previous to the execution of the search warrant, when I went with the officer and 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Sibley
               



            .
Court. We will hear her first.


                  ELIZABETH
                   SIBLEY
               



             sworn.
I live servant with the Honourable 
               
                  Martha
                   Maria Hervey
               



             at Brompton; I am her maid; I resigned the key up to this man to bring away some wine, likewise some empty bottles, and the key of the house, and several articles which were in the house, which was to be removed to the house in James-Street, Westminster, which she left, the third house on the Terrace, on the right hand; I cannot rightly tell the day, but to the best of my knowledge, I think it was about this day fortnight; Thursday evening I gave him the key of the house, to bring away the things remaining in the house; two dozen of wine, some empty bottles, some pickles, and several articles which were left in the house.

What was the prisoner? - He assisted in moving the furniture from James-Street, to Brompton; he waters the horses at Buckingham-Gate; he has been a Hackney coachman.
What was your place in the kitchen? - I am cook.
Does your lady keep a housekeeper? - No.
Nor a maid of her own? - Not particularly.
How came you to be trusted with the key of the house? - My mistress entrusted me with the key; I packed up the wine myself; I was removing the furniture, and was in the house last; I have lived with her between four and five years; I packed up the wine in a large hamper; I left it in a house behind in the yard; gave him the key on a Thursday; he was to bring the things at his leisure times; there was no particular time set for him to bring them; on the Sunday evening he came to Brompton; I asked him where the key of the house was, and the reason he did not bring it, and the things he had to bring, he said, he had delivered the key up to the landlady, and there was no wine left in the house; I asked him where the remainder of the things were; he said they were a pack of d - d dirty rubbish, old trumpery things, that he had given them to an old woman about the streets; I expressed the wine particularly; he said no, it was not there, for he helped the wine into the cart himself when we were moving; I told him if the wine was not there, it had certainly been taken away out of the house by him, or somebody that he knew; on the Monday I went to fetch the wine, and the man with me, and I thought it must be some where there, but there was not any thing in the house, but two or three bottles of stuff that was not of any consequence in the least, and two bottles of salt water.
How did you get into the house? - I went to the landlady for a key, with the man with me to fetch the wine away, neither of them would do any thing; then it was almost nine at night, on Sunday evening; on the Tuesday, I went to Mr. Wright's office, and took out a warrant against him, and we found the man watering the horses at Buckingham-gate; we asked him particularly as we went in, whether he knew any thing of the wine; he expressed very much that he knew nothing of it; we took him to Mr. Wright's, and had his apartments searched, and found thirteen bottles of liquors in his apartments; I cannot rightly say what, and several things which we did not expect to see, was there, such as pictures, two of them green birds, which I cannot swear to, and my mistress's coat of arms, and my mistress's crest, I think it was; a cannister, and a great many things I do not chuse to swear to; these pictures were my mistress's; there was something more left in the empty house, which was locked up in an empty closet, which was some empty bottles, that was all that was left in the house, and likewise a napkin.
What liquor was it? - I cannot tell, it was different sorts; I am pretty sure it is my mistress's, but I do not chuse to swear to it, but the pictures I am sure of; I have some here that will pattern them in this handkerchief.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel. Mrs. Sibley, this lady was moving? - Yes.
Most of her things had been moved? - Yes.
The rubbish was left to be moved by this man at his leisure? - Yes.
No particular time fixed? - No, no particular time fixed, as soon as he could.
What might be the value of all the things left behind? - I cannot tell.
What might be the value of this old towel? - It is valued in the indictment.
Because you are a judge of it; you belong to the kitchen; do you think it was worth three-pence or four-pence? - Yes, Sir, and a great deal more; it is not an old towel.
A young one then; now cookey, this towel that has no darns in it, and theseother things, this man was to bring when it suited him, and when it was convenient for him? - Yes.
You found him at his work at Buckingham-gate? - Yes.
How long has he worked there, cook? - I cannot tell.
How long have you known him working there without any sort of imputation on his character, cook? - I have known him working there.
Is not there a little matter of vails to the cook upon moving? - That I do not understand.
How long have you known him: half a year? - More than that.
Two years? - Near two years.
Now upon your oath, Mrs. Cook, and you seem a choice spirit too, did you ever hear any body whisper any thing against the man's character in your life? - I will not be upon my oath.
Upon your oath, woman, during the two years this man was working there daily and nightly, did you hear any thing against his character? - I never heard any thing against his character till he came to move our goods, never in my life, my mistress sent for him.
She had employed him during the time she had lived in James Street? - Yes, he had been in the house for some weeks waiting on a gentleman.
Upon your oath, Mrs. Cook, had not there been a little misunderstanding between you and this man that had been in the house for some weeks? - I knew nothing of the man.
But he knew something of you and something of some other man, was not there some misunderstanding? - No Sir.
Will you swear that? - Yes, Sir, I will swear that there was no misunderstanding at all that I know of, not in the least.
Had you never any words with him before you quitted James Street? - Yes Sir; no Sir; not any thing particular at all.
Neither in anger nor otherwise, do you mean to swear, because he will contradict you if you do, that you had no misunderstanding, no dispute, no quarrel with this man before you went out of St. James's Street? - No Sir, none at the time of moving that I knew of.
Do you mean to swear that after this man was brought into the house of your mistress, you and he never had any words of any sort? - No words, not to my recollection in the least; I do not recollect any words.
Do not you know that you had words with him, and quarrelled with him? - No Sir.
Will you swear you had none? - Yes.
No dispute of any sort? - No.
No words with him of any sort? - None.
What place did you find these things in his lodgings? - In his bed chamber.
Were they concealed? - No, they were hung round about his drawers over a chest of drawers.
Had he brought any thing to Mrs. Hervey's before you went to his room? - No Sir, he had brought nothing.
Was not the first charge you made against him for taking a washing stool, a hair broom, and a tray? - Yes.
Was not it in answer to that; that he told you they were such rubbish he had given them away? - Yes.
Now upon your oath, at that time was there one syllable mentioned of any wine? - Yes; I asked him where it was, he said, he saw no wine.
Did not you before the magistrate first accuse him of this washing stool, this hair broom and tray? - Yes, because he owned to nothing else; the washing stool is in the landlady's yard, the man told me so.
What may be the value of it? - It is of no consequence.
Was there any permit for moving this wine, was not the man to carry the wine as he could so as to avoid the Excise officers? - He was to bring it to our house at his leisure; I do not know there was any particular time; I cannot tell whether he was to bring it two bottles at a time.
Were not these his instructions, to bring it a few bottles at a time? - No Sir, he wasinstructed to bring it two bottles at a time, his instructions were to bring the wine there was two dozen.
Was not he told if he attempted to bring the two bottles at a time it was liable to seizure; was not he so told? - I do not know that.
Did you ever hear that? - No Sir.
Never in your life? - No Sir.
Do not you know he was expressly told so? - No Sir, I do not know that; my mistress gave him his orders to bring the things, she told him to bring the things; he was to bring them at his leisure, I suppose there was no particular time mentioned; it could not be a great while, because the key must be delivered up at such a time on quarter day.
When did you give it him? - This day fortnight, all the things were cleared out, and the key delivered up a fortnight ago almost.


                  WILLIAM
                   EMMES
               



             sworn.
I only know that the man was employed to assist me in removing the goods from Brompton, I slept in the house at Brompton a week before Mrs. Hervey went into it, after all the things were moved except two dozen of wine, he had the key, he never came near the place till Sunday; I do not know of my own knowledge what things were left in the house; on the Monday evening my master lay dead in the house at Brompton, the next morning I went with this servant girl to Mr. Justice Wright's office, who granted a warrant to have him taken up on suspicion, when he went before Mr. Wright in the coach, he first of all denied the wine, I told him we did not wish to have any thing done to him, if he would only tell what was done with it, as the maid was accused; he said he knew nothing of the wine, but he had the washing stool, the broom and the tray; a search warrant was granted, we went down to bring these things, and when we went into the house, to our great surprize we found the property in this hamper which is a part of the wine; fifteen bottles of something I cannot say what it was, there was one empty pint bottle with a label of my own hand writing, lavender.
Mr. Garrow. That is not in the indictment? - They are now in the hamper two of them the officers and the people present drank; and the thirteen were in the hamper, one of the bottles was red port, I did drink of it, I cannot say what the other was; Mr. Wright tasted it, he said it was wine, but did not know what sort; there were seven pictures framed and glazed, and three that I can swear to, as having the fellows of them, I have often seen them besides, here they are.
(Producing them.)
Do you know this little picture? - Yes, by having the fellow to it; this I brought with me yesterday morning from Brompton.
Court. Do you know them or not? - Perfectly well by sight, I am perfectly clear they were Mrs. Hervey's, they were hung up against the wainscot in the prisoner's room, and I had hung them in Mrs. Mervey's room.


                  Elizabeth
                   Silbey
               



            . I know them perfectly well, I am very sure they are the very same.
Court. What did the prisoner say when these things were found? - When we came before a justice nothing was said, he was committed for re-examination; all the articles besides those have been removed before, every body knew he had those to remove, he spoke of the wine when the cart was at the door; the prisoner said it was not well pack'd, let it lay, and he would bring it with him; the wine was to be brought by the prisoner, it was no secret.
No particular time was fixed I understand, for the time he was to remove them, was at his leisure? - Undoubtedly, yet Sir there would have been very great satisfaction in having it brought.

Then you allowed him from the Thursday to the Monday, and then you got a search warrant? - Yes.
How long have you been acquainted with Mrs. Sibley? - Ever since I knew Mrs. Hervey.
Had there been any little misunderstanding in the family? - No, he did clean shoes and go of errands for a gentleman in the house.
Mr. Garrow. He was a very welcome guest, a great man likes to have a deputy always; was not there a little misunderstanding between the cook and him? - How am I to understand what you mean?
Do not you know that before you quitted James-street, this man and the cook had had a misunderstanding? - I never heard of any such thing.
How long have you known the prisoner? - Three or four months, I have known Mrs. Hervey's family three or four years, I went to assist in apprehending him, I found him in his usual business, he had been spoken to on this about the Sunday.
Upon your oath down to the time was taken into custody by the advice of this justice, who is deaf and hears nothing you have said, did you ever hear any thing against his character? - Never, if I had heard any thing against him, I should not have wished to have had him about me.
Every body knew he had the care of these things? - Yes.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, I was at the moving of these things from James-street to Brompton, the maid servant had the order to give the key in, she gave me the key, and told me not to let her mistress know any thing about it, and I kept the key a day or two, and the owners asked me to resign these things up, I kept the things to carry them at my leisure time, for which I had an order; I was asked to go out with a coach for a master I lived with because his man was was taken ill.
Court. How came you to deny that you had any of these things? - My meaning was to carry them home.
The prisoner called four respectable witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
