





831. 
               
                  
                     PHEBE 
                     NORTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th day of August
 last, a table spoon, value 5 s. three tea spoons, value 3 s. a counterpane, value 4 s. three sheets, value 6 s. a coat, value 4 s. a satin waistcoat, value 4 s. a table cloth, value 1 s. two check curtains, value 1 s. 6 d. one pair of leather gloves, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Milne
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   SWAIN
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to 
               
                  Thomas
                   Page
               



            , a pawnbroker, No. 32, St. Martin's-lane; I perfectly remember the prisoner coming to our house; I have frequently seen her at our house, pledging things; it was in August last; I cannot mention the day; she pledged a coat, a counterpane, and a variety of other articles; they are in my possession; and she said they were her own.
What did she pledge them for? - I cannot say exactly the sum; I had no reason to suspect her at that time; I have nothing more to say; I am very sure she is the same person; she pledged them in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Jones
               



            ; she told me she lived in Bedford-bury.


                  JAMES
                   MILNE
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner perfectly; she was my servant
; she was nine weeks my engaged servant; but prior to that she was two months an assistant as chair woman; she was then in the name of Knight, but upon the examination before the Magistrate, she said her name was 
               
                  Phebe
                   Norton
               



            ; I am a single man; and the prisoner did not only assist as a servant, but as a house-keeper; I am out six hours in the day, and while I am out the servants may turn the house inside out; the prisoner ran away the 21st of August last; after she was gone I missed the property from the different parts of the house; I found these things again in the possession of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Page
               



             that evening; there is not a mark on any thing; they are such things as I lost.
When you saw the prisoner did you charge her with taking these things? - Yes.
Did you tell her it would be better for her? - No, I never spoke to her; when I was before the Magistrate, the Magistrate asked her what she had to say for herself, and her answer was, it is all right what my master has said.
Prisoner. My Lord, my master has never paid me any wages, if my master had ever paid me my wages, I meant to have redeemed them; here is the bill; my master sent for the bill; he owed my being a servant very near ten weeks, and for being a chair woman very near two months.
Prosecutor. Her predecessor was indisposed, and she wanted an assistant to go through the minutiae of the house; she sent me in a bill from Newgate for ten weeks wages; but she had two pair of slippers from a shoemaker's; and she asked me for five shillings, which I gave her, to buy some things.
Prisoner. I owe the prosecutor twelve shillings.
Jury. Did the goods all come at once, or at two or three times pawning? - They did not come at once; they were pawned at different times, from June to August last.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
