





690. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MARSHALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th day July
 of last, twenty-eight pair of leather shoes, value 4 l. two other pair, value 2 s. four pair of women's leather shoes, value 7 s. thirteen pair of breeches, value 13 s. a pair of sheets, value 2 s. a canvas bag, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Showell
                  



               
            .
A second count, For stealing the same goods, laying them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Reeves
                  



               
            , and others.
A third count, Laying them to be the property of Sir


                     James 
                     Esdaile
                  



               
            , Knt. and others.
A fourth count, For stealing the same, laying them to be the property of the 
               
parishioners of St. Luke's



            .
A fifth count, Laying them to be the property of persons unknown.
(The case opened by Mr. Silvester.)
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  HUMPHRY
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I am a milk-man; I met the prisoner on the 28th of July last, between three and four in the morning with his sack on his back; I saw another man calling to him, what have you got in that sack; that was the watchman; his name is Harwood; the prisoner said, a few cabbages; then the watchman said, I want a few cabbages myself; then he turned his rattle, and the prisoner threw down the sack, and ran back towards the French hospital; I put down my pails and ran and met him; I caught him there just by the corner; he begged very hard to let him go; I brought him back and the sack to the watchman, the watchman put the sack on his back and brought it to his box, then another watchman came to assist him.


                  RICHARD
                   HARWOOD
               



             sworn.
I saw two men, one went down the City road; I gave the prisoner the meeting who had the bag on his back; he said, he had some cabbages; I told him I was very fond of cabbages, I must have one; then he threw down the bag and ran towards my box, and the milk-man stopped him; when I came to the watch-house I examined what was in the bag; the beadle and officers examined the bag in my presence; there were a number of shoes of one sort and another, and thirteen pair of boys breeches, and one pair of sheets, and a purse; there was nothing in the purse; I gave them to Mr. Green.


                  JOHN
                   GREEN
               



             sworn.
I am beadle of the parish; that is the bag that was brought in by Harwood; it contained these things; they are the same; I have had it ever since.


                  SAMUEL
                   SHOWELL
               



             sworn.
I am the master of St. Luke's workhouse




; these things were in my store room before the 28th; I am certain to them; upon the examination I found some missing, on being informed of the robbery; I believe they must get in through the window; I found the window wide open and a ladder in the garden; I saw these things in the evening before; I have examined them all; I am sure of the property; I know the man's shoes by the maker's name which we contract with; his name is 
               
                  George
                   Murray
               



            ; it is upon the shoes; I know the women's by the short straps, which we always have for that purpose; other parishes may have short straps; I do not see the maker's name upon the women's shoes; I know them from the knowledge I had of them in the store room; I know the prisoner to be a pauper that had been in the house several times, and had lately been discharged there.
Court. Are you answerable for the things in it? - I do not know that, I am answerable for the value of them.
How are they delivered to you? - They are delivered to me by account; I am apprehensive I am answerable; they are laid in upon the parish expence; they are delivered to me and I am to produce them to deliver them out.


                  THOMAS
                   PITTMAN
               



             sworn.
(Looks at the breeches.)
This is my make, here is my mark; I made them for Mr. 
               
                  Samuel
                   Showell
               



            , master of the house, by his orders.
Prisoner. I have nobody to my character.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
