





267. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BREWER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of March
 last, one linen shift, value 1 s. a dimity pocket, value 6 d. three pair of cotton stockings, value 18 d. an apron, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           French
                        



                     
                  , spinster
; two shifts, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Goodwin
                  



               
            .


                  ANN
                   FRENCH
               



             sworn.
About three weeks ago, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; (repeating them;) they were kept in a drawer in my apartment.
Were the drawers usually kept locked? - No; the prisoner was servant
 to another lodger in the house; I suspected her, and sent for a constable; some of my things were found upon her, some in a bureau inher room, and some at a pawnbroker's; she said, she found them in her drawers.


                  THOMAS
                   FENNER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I found some of these things upon the prisoner, and others in a bureau in her room, and two duplicates.
They were produced in Court, and deposed to by Miss French. 
               
                  William
                   Coney
               



            , a pawnbroker, produced two shifts, which he said he had of the prisoner, and which were deposed to by Miss French.


                  Susannah
                   Goodwin
               



             deposed to her property, and said, the prisoner was a servant to a Mrs. Rowley in the same house.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am not guilty; they were put in my room.
The prisoner called three witnesses, two of whom had known her thirty years, and the other fifteen years, and who gave her a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
