





614. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DUNCOMBE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Good
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of two in the night, on the 23d day of July
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one pier glass, in a wooden frame, value 15 s. three diaper table cloths, value 10 s. three brass candlesticks, value 3 s. one brass mortar and pestle, value 3 s. two silver table spoons, value 20 s. six tea spoons, value 6 s. a pair of sugar tongs, value 3 s. two men's hats, value 4 s. and one pen-knife, value 6 d. his property
            .
A second count, for breaking the said house, about four in the morning of the same day, the said 
               
                  Richard
                   Good
               



             and others of his family being therein, and feloniously stealing the same goods.


                  RICHARD
                   GOOD
               



             sworn.
I am a house-keeper, No. 63, Bishopsgate-without


; on Friday the 24th of July, about ten minutes after six in the morning, my apprentice informed me my house was broke open; I went down stairs, and went to the kitchen, and saw nothing in the dresser drawer; and two candlesticks, and a pestle and mortar were missing; I then went into a little parlour, and saw two cupboards broke open, and the other things in the indictment were taken; then I went behind my counter, and found this chissel, with this punching iron, under the shop window, under the partition that separates the place for the shutter, I went round to the street door; the lock was on the door, but another door was broke open, the lock taken entirely off, and I found this candle, this gimblet, this little saw, and this knife; the inside of the partition was laced up with iron hoops, the nails were broke in, and the iron forced in: about eight the same morning Mr. Morgan described a man he saw go from the house; I took the account, and went down to the public-office in Worship-street, and gave a description and an account of the things; and about eleven they brought in the prisoner; I first saw the prisoner, when he was brought to my house, by Harper and Armstrong, they searched him, and asked him where he lived, and went with him to his lodgings, I did not go with them; I went afterwards to the public-office; and Mr. Armstrong, while I was there, brought in a table cloth, which I swore to.
Court. Who went last to bed in your house? - I did; every night before I go to bed; and the night before this, I examined the pins of the windows, and all was safe.
How do you apprehend they got into your house? - I apprehend they got in under the bulk, and from thence made their way to those places, from whence the things were lost.



                  HENRY
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
I am a weaver; I know the prisoner, I have seen him three times; at ten minutes after five, the 24th of July, I saw the prisoner and another going over to Mr. Good's house.
Court. It was light then? - It was as light almost as it is now; so his companion knowing something of me declined the job; the prisoner went to Mr. Good's door, and went in, as if he lived there; now I do not take upon me to say he broke the door open, the door was closed, it was under a catch latch; I was too distant to hear a latch move, I was thirty-six yards off; the prisoner shut the door to, and came out into the street, and brought out a pier looking glass, it appeared to me to be a yard in length, and about twenty inches over; by the distance I was, I took him to be the servant of the shop; if he had had other clothes on, I could not have sworn to him, at that distance; I do not go by his face, only his clothes; I never saw him before, in my life; he had on a pair of crimson breeches, two buckles in his hat, a flapped hat, and a red coat; when he left the house he went up a new road, about forty yards off, when I went to the office, the prisoner was precisely dressed the same way, I think; but I am sure the breeches was.
Did you look at the two buckles in his hat; I did not observe it; as to the coat, I made no further observation, but I think it is the same he had on at the office.


                  ELIZABETH
                   STEDMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a servant in the house, I fastened every thing that I had to fasten, and went to bed; I arose in the morning about ten minutes after six, there were three table cloths and a dresser cloth gone; I went into the parlour, and there I saw both the cupboard doors broke open, the cupboards are fixed to the house, I found the street door on the latch; the lock was taken from the door, under the bulk where they put the shutters, that lock was forced away, the door was broke open, but put close, and people appeared to have been in that way.


                  SAMUEL
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
I belong to the public-office; on Friday the 24th of July, the prosecutor came to me, and told me his house had been broke open, and gave me a description; about ten the same morning, Armstrong and me saw the prisoner, and according to the description, we took him into custody, and when Mr. Morgan saw him, he said in my presence, he was the person, he knew him by his dress; we went to his lodgings, he said his wife was gone to market, we searched under the bed, and in my presence Armstrong found the table cloth.
Did not you promise him it would be better for him to shew his lodging? - No, nothing of the kind.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
Confirmed the last witness, and assisted in taking the prisoner; Shakeshaft found a little pen-knife, that Mr. Good said was his.
(The table-cloth deposed to marked R. G.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am an apprentice to Mr. Hall, a paper stainer
 in Cloth-fair; he was here yesterday.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, to the value of 39 s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
