





215. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     ORHWELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of February
, three iron bars, value 3 s. a dozen steel files, value 1 s. and six steel punches, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Staples
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   RYAN
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol; on the 16th of February, in the evening, I met the prisoner, the corner of High-street, St. Giles's; I asked him what he had got; he said, it was his own property; he said, they were copper bars, that he had bought in St. John's-street; I called to my partner; he said, it was broken iron; we told him he must go to the watch-house; upon which, he threw the things away, and ran away; we overtook him and brought to the watch-house.
(Producing them.)


                  THOMAS
                   JENNINGS
               



             sworn.
I was at work on this iron for Mr. Staples in Parker's-lane


, on the 15th and 16th of February; it was taken away on the Saturday night; I missed it on the Monday morning; one of the pieces I had myself marked ten inches and a half upon;the prisoner had worked with Mr. Staples two or three years.
On his cross-examination he said, that it was very common to mark iron so; that the chissel it was done with was a common one, and that he knew it rather from the length than the mark.


                  JACOB
                   FREEMAN
               



             sworn.
I searched the prisoner's house; under the cellar stairs, I found these files and tools, (producing them) and a vast quantity more; I brought them to the office, and the next witness knew them.


                  JOHN
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
I worked with these files; I know them to be the prosecutor's.
(For the prisoner.)


                  JOHN
                   UNANDER
               



             sworn.
I am a cabinet-maker.
Do you know what was left the prisoner when his brother died? - A great quantity of files and other tools, besides tools of his own; but it is impossible to swear to files; I have known him eight years; I never heard that the least needle-point was ever missing.
(The prisoner called four other witnesses who gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
