





441. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RUSSELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of March
 last, one copper saucepan, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Neathercot
                        



                     
                  , and a check apron, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Atkins
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   NEATHERCOT
               



             sworn.
I lost a copper saucepan out of my dwelling house, I let a room ready furnished to Atkins, I keep a public-house
, and she left the door of her room open, and I saw the prisoner come down, and I asked him what he had got under his great coat, and he said what is that to you, and I stopped him, and I took him into the tap-room, and under his great coat he had a large saucepan, wrapt up in this woman's apron; this is my saucepan.



                  ELIZABETH
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
I went down in a hurry, and I forgot to fasten my door, and this saucepan stood by the closet door, and the apron laid upon the table; this is my apron, and this is my landlord's saucepan.
You did not deliver any of them to this man? - I was below stairs.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The man that sent me up stairs for the saucepan, told me he lived with this woman, the door was quite open, and the saucepan stood by the jam of the door, and he desired me to hand it down to him, I was in liquor, and I did not know but the man was right, he said he would pawn them for a pot of beer, as he could not find this woman at home to get some money.
What are you? - I have been at sea
 twenty years.
Court. After going to sea so long, how can you submit to be such a petty, paltry thief? - I know nothing about thieving.
Prosecutor. This man had a man waiting at the door to take the property, and he brought it down, and I charged the constable to take the other man, and he refused; I took hold of this man, and when I took him into the tap-room, he knocked two constables down, and we were obliged to put him in a cart and tie him down.
Court. Have you any body to speak for you? - No.
Court. I suppose if you was to have any favour shewn you, the consequence would be, you would abuse it; it is a scandalous thing in an old man at your time of life.
Prisoner. My Lord, indeed it is not my fault, I did not know it was for any thievery.
Can you find any body that can recommend you, or that will be answerable for your behaviour for the future? - I have no friends.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron EYRE.
