





337. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     ROBERTS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d day of February
, one tin oil can, value 1 s. and two gallons of lamp oil, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lewis
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   LEWIS
               



             sworn.
On Thursday evening the 3d of February, a little after ten, 
               
                  Henry
                   Croker
               



             belonging to the Bow-street office, called upon me, and said, he had stopped a man near Bagnigge Wells, with a pot of oil; in the morning I went to Bow-street, and there I saw the prisoner, who was my old man, and had worked for me near four months, he was stopped as he was going from work: I saw an oil can there which I cannot swear to, but one of the witnesses can; the keys were frequently left in the shop, so that the prisoner might get at it, it was what they call whale oil, for lamps, it was not mixed, it was plain.


                  HENRY
                   CROKER
               



             sworn.
I am one of Sir Sampson's patrols, on the 3d of February; about half past nine at night. I stopped the prisoner near Bagnigge Wells, with this can of oil, he said, it was oil, and he brought it from a person at Islington, from the White Swan, from a lamplighter that was lame, and had fell off the ladder; he said, he was going to carry it into Drury lane; he said, he had been at work that day, but who he said he worked for, I cannot say, but I know he did not say he worked for Mr. Lewis; he said, the landlord of the Swan would have nothing to do with it, but that there was a boy in waiting at the door that he took it from: I found out the prosecutor, (The can and oil produced) the can has been in my possession ever since, except when I came backwards and forwards here.


                  JOHN
                   CLAYTON
               



             sworn.
I know that can to be my master's property; we have used it a great while in the shop, as a watering pot.


                  FRANCIS
                   COOLING
               



             sworn.
I am an evidence; on the 3d of February last, I delivered this can of oil out of the warehouse, in the evening about eight, I put it upon the green by the warehouse, for this prisoner to take it; there was the same quantity of oil in it which is now, it was whale oil; the keys of the warehouse were in the shop, and this oil was locked in the warehouse.
Court. Did you take the keys out of the shop? - Yes.
Did the prisoner know it? - Yes.
Was this your master's oil? - Yes, I did not see the prisoner take it away, but he told me to leave it in one particular place on the green, in the dusthole, the corner of the green, between seven and nine; he saw me that evening before I did it, and asked me about it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
This day month as nigh as I can guess, I left work about eight, and went to the public house; and the last witness came in, and asked me to carry a can of oil for him, as he had been out all day, and was tired; I found it on the green near the dusthole, and carried it a little way, and the patrol took me: Cooling asked me to carry it, and said, he had above seventeen gallons sent him from the country, and he had a sample with him.


                  WILLIAM
                   AUSTIN
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 28. in the Strand, Cooling said, his cousin lived at Deptford, and I said, I would not purchase it, unless it was come honestly by.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
The last seven were tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
