






471. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MYRES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     LIOLTO
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of May
, 30 lb. weight of loaf sugar, value 16 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Henlock
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Derees
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   WAINWRIGHT
               



             sworn.
On the 6th of May, about half after nine, I saw 
               
                  Joseph
                   Myres
               



             come up Coal Harbour, I believe it was the Saturday evening, he had a bag under his arm, he walked sharply; I followed him, he could not carry the parcel he had without dropping it or resting it, he put it down, it was the prisoner Myres; I laid hold of him, and said, what is this you have dropped there; he said he had not dropped any thing; I saw him put it down, I am quite clear in that; he was but about four yards from the place where he dropped it; I looked at it, and it was a loaf of sugar; I left him at the watchhouse; there was a hackney-coach stood where he dropped it; there were two other lumps in two bags, he dropped it about half a dozen yards from the coach; I asked him how he came by the sugar; I went up the lane, and I found 
               
                  Abraham
                   Liolto
               



            , and I followed him; to the best of my knowledge he denied knowing any thing of it; he was taken to the Compter; the sugar has been in my custody ever since.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. You are the patrol? - Yes.
What time of night was this? - About a quarter past nine.
Very dark I believe? - Not very dark.
What is the situation of this place? - It is a narrow lane.
With very high warehouses? - There are high warehouses.
Did you see any woman near this spot? - I did near the coach.
Why did not you take her? - I did not know whether she belonged to them.
Did you see her go away? - No.
Did you speak to her? - No.
Did not Myers say that that woman had left that, and that he had nothing to do with it? - No.
Had you any conversation when you went with Myers? - Nothing in particular.
But in general did you say any thing as to your opinion about it? - I can not say what I said.
Did not you say you was satisfied he was innocent, but you must take him to the Compter? - No, nothing like it.
Had you had any particular directions that night? - No.
Do you know Mr. 
               
                  Laurence
                   Kaylor
               



            ? - I know he is a man belonging to the importers.
How long had he been in the service of this man? - I cannot tell; when first I saw Myers, it was about fifty yards off, there were two sides to the lane, he passed me on the opposite side of the warehouse.


                  THOMAS
                   REYNOLDS
               



             sworn.
I am beadle of the watch, the last witness sent for me, I went to the watch-house with the prisoner Myers; he said he knew nothing of it; I said, if he has a lump of sugar he has some partner; we went round, and there stood a coach, and I called out for the coachman, and there was none; I found two lumps of sugar equal in size with the other, the same number and mark in every respect, I sent to the Bull to enquire for the coachman; and there the coachman came out, and the other prisoner came with him, I do not know his name; I took the coachman and the other prisoner to the watch-house, this man seemed to be acquainted with the other; the coachman said he knew nothing of it; that there was no parcel in his coach when he went into the Bull to drink; and the other prisoner said, he knew nothing of the matter, he said he only went in to drink with the coachman; he did not deny knowing the coachman.


                  LAWRENCE
                   KAYLER
               



             sworn.
I made a chalk mark on the sugar.


                  JOSEPH
                   MERRISH
               



             sworn.
I drove the coach, and stopped to water my horses at Whitechapel, and I went in to have a glass of gin, I saw a boy, and he asked me to have some drink, he said I should have some drink; I told him, says I, I do not mind being two-pence or threepence with you; says he you have no occasion to be in a hurry, for I want a coach for this young man and me to go down to St. Catherine's; going through St. Catherine's, they stopped me at the Black-horse, near the Victualling-office; they had sixpennyworth of shrub and water, and ordered me to Thames-street, and came to the Black-horse, and we all three went in, and Joseph called for a pot of beer and a paper of tobacco, and he went out and came in and filled his pipe, and lighted it and drank, and afterwards went out, the first time he staid five or ten minutes, the second time I never saw him till he was at the watch-house, I suppose he was gone half an hour the second time.
What is Liolto? - I believe he is a coachman
; I do not know how that sugar came into my coach, I am positive it was not there when I went in to drink; there was nothing but a small bundle, which Joseph brought in.
(The sugar deposed to, marked 13.)
That is the number of the day's work, that were made on that day.
Mr. Garrow. Your's is a chalk mark, upon paper? - Yes.
You make that same mark on the others? - Yes.
Is that the way that sugar-boilers mark their work? - Yes.
How many sugar-loaves were marked in the same way on that day? - I believe there were one hundred and seventy.
How old was this sugar? - I do not know; I came to this gentleman three years ago; I was six weeks out of place; I came back before this sugar was missed.
How long before you left them, had this sugar been marked? - I do not know.
Was it twelve months? - A month before I went away.
You cannot tell how much of that make had been sold in the six weeks you was absent? - I cannot.


                  HENRY
                   CLINT
               



             sworn.
There were seventy-eight lumps made in that day's work; we delivered only fifty-five; there was a deficiency of four; three were found here; there is one we have no account of.
Mr. Garrow. Did you deliver this fifty-five? - I delivered them myself, the whole fifty-five.
How do you account for the loss of that which you have no account of? - I cannot account for it.
Court. Open one of these loaves of sugar? - It is marked Number 13; I have not the least doubt but it is the prosecutor's property.
Mr. Garrow. The same mark occurs in other boiling-houses? - There is a possibility of it, without doubt.
Is not there a certainty of it? - There may be a possibility of it.
That shall not be an answer to me, I promise you; upon your oath, do not you know about it may be so, that the same mark may occur in other boiling-houses? - Yes, Sir, certainly.


                  GEORGE
                   ADAM HINGER
               



             sworn.
I know this is my master's property; I know the number; I made that number, the inside number.
Look at it? - This is my number.
Prisoner Myers. I have nothing to say.
PRISONER LIOLTO'S DEFENCE.
Between six and seven at night, this man came to me, and said he wanted a coach; I told him there was none; he took me to the watering-house, and told the coachman I wanted a coach; the coachman said he would have sixpennyworth of liquor, and this man asked me to ride with him to take share of a pot or two of beer; we went there, and had a pot of beer, and a paper of tobacco; I never saw any thing of him till he came afterwards; I never was out of the coachman's company.
The prisoner Myers called four witnesses to his character.
The prisoner Liolto called three witnesses to his character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
