





407. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     OLIVER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of March
 last, two shillings, of the proper coin of this realm, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Stirtevant
                  




               
            .


                  JONATHAN
                   STIRTEVANT
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was my shopman
 seven months, I keep a hosier's shop
 in Bishopsgate-street


, I had a good character with him, I suspected him, and mentioned it to a friend of mine, Mr. Lock, and he proposedto mark some money, and send a person to buy some stockings. Here is the prisoner's writing in this book (reads) one pair of women's black hose, 2 s. one pair of women's cotton, 2 s. 3 d. dated the 16th of March; that is the entry of goods sold, it does not mention to whom they were sold; there were more women's stockings sold the same day.


                  GEORGE
                   LOCK
               



             sworn.
In consequence of some suspicion entertained by the prosecutor I marked some silver, 7 s. on the 16th of March last; after I had marked them, I sent a young woman, 
               
                  Sarah
                   Lock
               



            , that lives at my house, to buy three pair of stockings of Mr. Stirtevant, and a pair of garters; she brought me the three pair of stockings and a pair of garters, I gave her the marked shillings; nobody knew the marks but myself, I did not tell her of them, she brought 3 d. back, the goods came to 6 s. 9 d.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Council. This money was sent in order that it might be taken? - Yes.


                  SARAH
                   LOCK
               



             sworn.
I received 7 s. from the last witness to go and buy three pair of stockings and one pair of garters of Mr. Stirtevant; I saw the prisoner in the shop, nobody else was in the shop; I bought two pair of black women's hose, at 2 s. a pair, one pair of white cotton at 2 s. 3 d. a pair; and one pair of garters at 6 d. that made 6 s. 9 d. in all, I paid him 7 s. and he gave me 3 d. change; I gave him the same 7 s. as Mr. Lock gave me, I kept them different from my own.
(The book handed up to the Court.)
Court to Prosecutor. This is the book where the goods sold are entered from day to day? - Yes.
Did you compare the account of that day's sale with your goods? - I compared it with the next article that was sold afterwards, and there was 2 s. 6 d. short; the goods were put down at 2 s. 6 d. less.
Is there no other women's hose put down the same day? - There are after that was found out, and after the prisoner was taken up; there are two more entries in his hand writing; he was taken up three or four hours after; there appears to be five or six different entries by the prisoner, the rest was made by a brother of mine who is now in the shop; when I found the deficiency in the account, I went out and informed Mr. Lock and another person, that I supposed he had the money upon him; they came in and I charged him with it, and he immediately pulled out two shillings of the marked money, and threw them on the table, there was another shilling he had in his pocket, and he said that was his own; Mr. Lock took up the two shillings, and said, those were them he sent 
               
                  Sarah
                   Lock
               



             with to buy the stockings.
Mr. Lock. I have had the two shillings in my possession ever since; he took out 3 s. and said one was his own; I took up two of the shillings, and said, they were those that I had marked, they were the same that I marked.
Mr. Garrow to Prosecutor. How much was in the till at the time this happened? - There was half a guinea in gold, three half crowns, and three sixpences, and eighteen-pence in halfpence; I left it so the night before.
Court. Then what became of the other 4 s? - I had paid them away in change, I took them from the till, they were in the till the same morning they were compared with the other two.
Mr. Garrow. My question to you is, when you called in Mr. Lock, and enquired into the state of your till, what money was there in the till? - There was three half crown pieces, half a guinea and five marked shillings, and I believe another shilling and two sixpences, which was taken for a quarter of a yard of baize.

There was half a guinea, that you are clear in? - Yes, three half crowns and six shillings, I do not know how many sixpences, whether two or three sixpences, I cannot be positive, I think it was more than one; there was eighteen pennyworth of halfpence according to my recollection.
Mr. Garrow. This man has lived with you about seven months? - Near seven months.
Court. Did he use to buy and sell for you? - Yes.
Are these his letters in the margin of the book? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow. I believe you have at times told this lad that he should not be prosecuted? - Never.
Perhaps you never told him, it now lays at my option to prosecute you, and you may depend upon it I certainly shall, unless you give me an account? - I never told him any thing of the kind.
Court to 
               
                  Sarah
                   Lock
               



            . You bought these stockings of the prisoner, and paid him for them? - I did.
How long did you stay in the shop after you had paid him? - I came out immediately as soon as I had paid the money.
You gave him seven shillings? - Yes, he took the three pence out of the till, he gave it me after I gave him the seven shillings; I gave them him altogether, and he put them in the till.
Did you see him put them in the till? - Yes, I did.
Are you sure of that? - Yes, he put them in first, and took out the threepenny worth of halfpence, and gave them to me.
Did you see what he did with the till afterwards? - No, I came out of the shop immediately, I am quite sure he put them in the till, I took notice, because I understood I was sent to try whether he would take this money or no, therefore I observed what he did.
Mr. Garrow. How came you not to mention this before? - I was not asked it.
Did you hear the oath? - Yes.
Did you know the marks of the shillings at all? - No.
How came you not to look at the marks? - He marked the money and gave it me, he bid me keep it different from my own, and I did; he told me the reason for which I was carrying it.
Prisoner. I leave it entirely to my Counsel.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who all gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
Court. I think it right in the circumstances of this case to pronounce sentence on this prisoner before he leaves the bar; I am perfectly satisfied with the verdict of the Jury; it appears to me to be founded on very clear and satisfactory evidence, and therefore having no doubt of your guilt, it is my duty, with whatever reluctance I may do it in this particular case, to administer the law with that rigour which the nature of the case deserves. The offence of servants in general, robbing their masters, and more especially those that are entrusted with the property of their masters, is a crime which so entirely cuts up every bond of civil society, that it is the duty of the Courts of Justice, at all times to punish it with severity; the Court therefore think you ought not to remain any longer in this country, and the sentence upon you is, that you be




               Transported beyond the seas for seven years
            .
