






861. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SPOONLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEWIS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of July
 last, 17 live same pigeons, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Duncan
                  




               
            , Esquire
.


                  JAMES
                   DUNCAN
               



            , Esq; sworn.
Between the 5th and 6th of July last, my stable was unroosed; I was there in the evening, a little before eleven, I kept my pigeons in the hay lost for my own amusement, and in the morning, between four and five, I was informed the door was open, and that I had been robbed.


                  JOHN
                   TYE
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoners in the morning, about half after two, in a field just by my house, coming down the road from Captain
 Duncan's, I saw these two boys with two bags, they went to a brick lump, and one of them got upon it, and the other was below with the bag in his hands; the one that got up began to make a great hole, by laying the bricks round the side, then he reached down to the others and came and took the bag from him, then a man came by, and they pretended to play, and throw at the crows; when he was gone they got up again, and the one that was not up before, handed him some long dung to shake it over the hole that they had made in the brick lump, the dung lay very near the spot, and they came down after they had covered it; I then waited a good while expecting my man to come, during which time the prisoners were walking round the lump, and kept about the field; they were hot out of my sight only once, when they were on the side of the brick lump; I waited near an hour and half, expecting he would come, but I called to a man who went by, and he went and took hold of one, I said, what have you been doing in that brick lump; and he said, me, Sir, I do not know what you mean, I am but just come into the field; I then said to the other, take out what you have been putting there; he began to cry, and said it was only some pigeons, and he found them in the field, and then he said he found them in Mr. Alsop's yard; I took them to the watch-house, and the prosecutor came and claimed them.
Prisoner. I saw the pigeons laying in a bag, and I brought them to this place, and put them there, as I wanted to go to work.
Court to Prosecutor. Who are these boys? - They are two boys, whose mothers live, I believe, in the parish, and are washer women, they have been frequently with me begging, I would do all I could for favour to be shewn them; there is a well known gang of them, the eldest of whom is not twenty, who are frequently stealing chickens: I suppose they lifted one another up atop of the wall, and then unroofed the hay loft.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
