





206. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     NEWMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th day of February
, six silk handkerchiefs, value twenty-six shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Haskew
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  CATHERINE
                   HASKEW
               



             sworn.
I live in John-street, Oxford-road


, I keep a haberdasher's and milliner's shop
, I lost six silk handkerchiefs out of my shop, they were lying in the window, and were found on the prisoner; the prisoner came into the shop as I was sitting in the parlour, he asked me to serve him with a halfpenny-worth of black silk, he paid for it, and then went from behind the door, the shop window was behind the door, I saw him take a piece of silk handkerchiefs, as soon as I saw them in his hands, I screamed out thieves! he carried them off with him, I followed him till he was taken, he got about fifty yards, I did not get the handkerchiefs again, he owned he threw them under the coaches in Oxford-road, we went to look for them, but could not find them, I believe the prisoner came into the shop the Saturday night before, for a halfpenny-worth of silk, about nine; this was on the Monday, I cannot say I recollected him again when he came in, but I am sure he is the man that come in on Monday night, the halfpenny-worth of silk was found upon him, but not the handkerchiefs, I saw it found upon him, he was not out of my sight till he was taken, but the mob increasing, I could not distinguish him from the rest.


                  JOHN
                   WALDO
               



             sworn.
I heard the cry of stop thief! I am a patrol, I pursued the prisoner and took him, and brought him to the shop directly, and a halfpenny-worth of white silk was found upon him.


                  JOHN
                   NICHOLS
               



             sworn.
I am another patrol, I was along with the last witness, I assisted to take the prisoner; we wear white coats, in Marybon, and a great many people said, you should not be taken by them white angels, they call us white angels on account of our coats; I searched the prisoner and a halfpenny-worth of white silk was found upon him; I heard the prisoner desire the gentleman, from whom he stole the handkerchiefs, to be favourable to him, and he would tell me where he flung them, he said, he flung them under the first stand of coaches, they went to endeavour to find them, and took the lanthorn, and could not find them, he had so many confederates after him; I suppose there were above a hundred people after him.
Did they appear to be friends or enemies? - Some of them seemed to be great enemies.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My mother has got a large family of children, and I wanted some bread, and my father has but one leg, and I took the things for bread; the family were all crying for want of bread, and my father was very ill at the time.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GOULD.
