





350. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WELCH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of April
, a feather-bed, value 10 s. a bolster, value 3 s. a pair of linen sheets, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Evans
                        




                     
                  , in his lodging-room
            , let to him by the said 
               
                  John
                   Evans
               



            , &c.


                  ANN
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
My husband's name is 
               
                  John
                   Evans
               



            ; the prisoner came to lodge at our house on the 1st of April, and went away on Friday evening, he never gave us notice; I missed a bed, a bolster, and sheets; and I missed other things which are not in the indictment; he was taken the same evening with the things, and the next morning he was taken before the magistrate.


                  THOMAS
                   CHIFFIN
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; this sheet was pawned the 3d of April, about six in the evening, by the prisoner.
(The sheet marked I. E. deposed to by Mr. Evans.)


                  JOHN
                   PENLEY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to my shop on the 3d of April to sell a bolster and sheet; he said they were his own, he asked me 5 s. for them; he then said, he had a bed and bedding at home at his lodgings in James's-street; I went home with him, and looked at them; he asked me 1 l. 2 s. I bid him 15 s. I did not then pay for them, but went to a Justice, and gave information; and we went and took the prisoner, sitting on the bed, in Oxford-street.
(The sheet and bolster deposed to by Mrs. Evans.)

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was brought into this scrape by a young woman who took the lodgings of another young man.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
