





649. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of May
 fifty-nine pounds weight of lead, value 5 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Blakey
                        




                     
                  , then and there affixed to his dwelling house, against the statute
            .


                  THOMAS
                   ROGERS
               



             sworn.
On the 31st of May, in the morning, between two and three, I was alarmed by a dog that Mr. Blakey keeps in the back part of his house, which adjoins to mine; in Golden-lane


. I got up and looked through my window, I saw nobody at first, but the third time I looked the prisoner was dragging a piece of lead out of the gutter into my yard, I saw him standing on a bench, then I saw him stamp upon it to bend it together; I did not see him separate the lead, I got up twice, but could not see him, there was 56 lb. of lead, it came undoubtedly from the gutter, the prisoner seeing me stooped down, I said to him, are you a plumber at work here? and he ran away; I pursued him, I never lost sight of him; I am sure he is the man, some more lead had been taken out of the gutter, it had not been repaired ; I sent the lead to Mr. Blakey, the lead answered to the gutter exactly, I measured it.


                  CHARLES
                   BLAKEY
               



             sworn.
This lead was missing on the 31st of May, I went in consequence of an information to the house, and found lead missing from the wash-house part of the gutter; I did not measure it to the gutter.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming from the street where I lodge, seeing the yard door open, I went in to get a drink of water, and I went out again, and this man called out to stop me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Rose.
