










515. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     FIELD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOGG
                  



               
             were indicted for that they on the 9th day of April


 last, 


               unlawfully did forge, and counterfeit, and cause and procure to be forged and counterfeited, a certain mark and stamp to wit, the mark and stamp of a Lion, used and to be used, for the stamping of plate by the 
                     
Company of Goldsmiths






                   against the statute
            .
A second Count, For 


               unlawfully stamping certain wares, with a certain mark and stamp in immitation of, and to resemble the said mark and stamp of the Lion
            .
A third Count, For that they 


               unlawfully, wilfully, and knowingly had, and were possessed of a certain mark and stamp, that was made to resemble the said mark and stamp
            .


                  JOHN
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
On Friday the 9th of April, I was informed, that the two prisoners at the bar, were finishing buckles and spoons, I went and in a street near Red-Lion square, I found the two prisoners.
Whose house was it? - I forget whose house, it was the lodging of Field, they were up two pair of stairs, and in a pail of water that stood by the window, I found four buckles that had just been coloured, and a table spoon, they were then wet.
Mr. 
               
                  Silvester
                   Council
               



             for the Prosecution.
Had they the appearance of silver at that time? - They had, but they were not silver, they were covered with clock face silver, I found two stamps in the window.
Court. Where are they? - I delivered them to the Assay Master.
Prisoner Field. Did Mr. Clarke see me do any thing? - No, I did not.
Court. Where were the prisoners? - The prisoner Field stood by the window, and Hogg at the table, they was a buckle on the table, and in the window was the stamps and the colouring.
FENDALL RUSH sworn.
I am Assay Master to the Goldsmith's Company, I have got the impression of a Lion, and likewise the initials of the workman's name.
Mr. Silvester. How came they into your custody? - They were given me by Mr. Clarke, the Lion is passant, the two letters are I. I.
What else have you? - The spoon, there is the mark of the Lion upon it.
Is it silver? - No, I think there may be the quantity of one penny weight in a pound of metal, there are five buckles of the same quality, of one penny weight in the pound.
Is this the Company's mark? - No, but the resemblance that is made in imitation of the Company's mark, might impose upon any one, but those who were critically versed in things of this sort.
Mr. Clarke. These are the same I gave the Assay Master.
Mr. Silvester. Had they the appearance more of silver then, than they have now? - Yes, they had much more the appearance of silver then, the air will take off the silver in a very short time.


                  GEORGE
                   CORNE
               



             sworn.
About three weeks ago, I met the two prisoners, and they asked me if I could pledge a ring for them, I took the ring from Field, it appeared to be garnets set in gold, they desired me to ask 4 s. for it but the pawnbroker refused to let me have so much upon it, when I came out I told Field, he said damn it, I have something that will do, and he took out a pair of buckles, and went in with them.
Mr. Fielding. When was this? - It was about a month ago, Field came out and told Hogg he had got seven shillings for them.
Court. Was the other prisoner by at that time? - Yes; they asked me if I would drink, I told them I would; they asked me if I would go home with them, I said I would go with them; I went to Hogg's house, and he asked me what I thought of these buckles, Field asked me the same question, I said I did not see them, and I could not say much about them, he said, don't you think they are silver? I said, I don't know.
Court. Did Field go with you to Hogg's house? - Yes; my Lord, he then went to the cupboard, and pulled out a piece of rag with two bits of iron, they seemed to be like files; Mr. Field withdrew, and Hogg said I will tell you the use of it, and he made the impression of a lion upon the buckles and upon a spoon, and he said, if I could meet with any metal buckles and bring them to him, he would make it an advantage to me; one of those stamps was broke in the using, and one was shorter than the other, two or three days after I saw them again, and they said if I would call on them, I could do them much service, and it would be an advantage to me, I was to go to Field's house, but that night I went and laid an information in Bow-street, I was sent to Mr. Reynolds, and he sent me to Mr. Clarke, I went to this place some minutes before Mr. Clarke came, I saw the prisoner stamp the mark on some buckles, he made the mark, and then delivered them to Field.
(The Buckles produced.)
Are these the buckles you saw him mark? - These are them I saw him mark before I came out, they were all coloured as well as marked, Hogg marked them, and Field rubbed them over to have the appearance of silver, and threw them in water, they desired me to go and fetch an engraver, instead of that I went to Mr. Clarke, as Field did them he let them drop in the pail.
Did that change the colour? - Yes, it changed them white, I saw two buckles stamped and a spoon, one of the stamps was broke in the marking.
Cross examined by Mr. Fielding.
Was you ever convicted for some offence or other? - Yes.
What was it for? - It was for an affair where I lived.
What did the court in that case? - I have been on board the lighter.
For how long time? - Three years.
Where do you live? - No. 37, Eagle-street.
- HURD, Pawnbroker, sworn.
This man came in, and brought a hoop garnet ring.
Court. You had it from one of the prisoners? - I had, it was from the man in the red coat.
Have you any reason to doubt it was him? - No, it was him.
Cross-examined.
You say you remember this ring being brought in? - Yes.
You did not lend any money on it? - No, I tried the ring, and found it was base metal, I said take the ring and go about your business; the buckles were brought me by Field, I verily believe it was him.
Prisoner Hogg called four witnesses, who all gave him a good character.
Prisoner Field called four witnesses, who all gave him a good character.


                  SAMUEL
                   FIELD
               



            , 

               GUILTY On the two last counts
            , but 

               not on the first
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HOGG
               



            , 

               GUILTY On the two last counts
            , but 

               not on the first
            

Each to be 



               transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. Justice NARES.
