





942. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th day of September
, three silver teaspoons, value 7 s. and one glass smelling-bottle, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stoughton
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   STOUGHTON
               



             sworn.
I live in Charlotte-street, Rathbone-place


, I am a tin-plate worker and brazier
, the prisoner came to my house with one Captain 
               
                  Kirkland
               


            , to dine with me; Mr. Kirkland lodges in my apartments, it was about two o'clock; I understand that the prisoner was an intimate acquaintance of the Captain's, they went up stairs; Mrs. Kirkland came down to me, dinner was near ready, and asked me if it was agreeable to ask the Captain's friend to dine with me that day, as it was a very wet day; I never saw the prisoner before, Mrs. Kirkland sometimes boards with me, I said, if you think there is sufficient for dinner, I have no objection; she said, I dare say there will, if not we will send for something for the servants, in about half an hour dinner was brought up stairs; the prisoner seemed to make himself very agreeable with the Captain, I really thought he was a particular acquaintance of the Captain's they were talking of being on board together, and the prisoner said he was on board when Prince 
               
                  William
                   Henry
               



             was on board, soon after this, dinner came upon table; we dined in the dining-room which Mrs. Kirkland rents of me; after talking a few words after dinner was over, we drank some wine together, the Captain wished to go down, and the prisoner said, I think myself rather sleepy, and he went to set down on the sopha by a child of mine; he seemed to be quite drowsy; I went out and said I will come home to tea; when I returned in about two hours, Ford was not there; and I heard there was a spoon or two missing, and I said, I dare say it is among the things; the prisoner never returned; when the Captain awaked he sent for me, and told me there is some spoons missing, and I went to the prisoner's apartments, No. 46, in upper Mount-street, Grosvenor-square; I knocked at the door, and the landlady of the house opened the door, I asked if Ford was within; she said she believed he was, but he was in bed; this was the same evening, about nine; she called him several times; nobody answered, I went upstairs, in company with Captain 
               
                  Kirkland
               


            , and we knocked at the door several times, and his wife said who is there, she got out of bed and opened the door, she went into bed again; then we went into the room; says the Captain why did not you return to tea? says he, I went home; says the Captain, why did not you bring the three spoons? says he I have no spoons; the other said, if you do not produce them, I will charge the watch immediately, he got up and opened the drawer out of a chest of drawers, and pulled out the three spoons, which I shall now produce to you; I was close by at the time; they were mine, there is the cypher upon them, here is the fellow to them, I swear to them; I missed a smelling bottle, which the constable has, which I missed the same time from my apartments.
This man was a stranger to you? - I never saw him before in my life.
What was he? - He represented himself to be a seafaring man, the Captain had a direction in his pocket to know where to find him.
Where do you suppose these teaspoons were taken from? - I saw them at dinner time; my little boy generally eats with a spoon; and there was never a one laid for him, I goes to the cupboard where these spoons lay, and I took one from the four and left three, and the others were afterwards missed; the others were in the cupboard when I left the room.
Mr. Knowles, Prisoner's Counsel. How was the prisoner when he came in, did he appear in liquor at all? - I believe he had been drinking.
I believe he drank a good deal too while he was at your house? - They might drink in the whole company about two bottles of wine.
Who were there? - A gentleman that lodges and boards with me, my wife, Mrs. Kirkland, the Captain, and the prisoner.
The ladies did not drink much wine of course; do you happen to know who you left in the room? - Mrs. Kirkland left the room, and my wife was up and down stairs, the prisoner said he was very sleepy, and sat upon the sopha.
Was not your little boy by the side of him? - Yes.
What age is he? - Two years and an half.
Did not you observe the child playing with the spoons? - No.
You did not hear at the prisoner's lodgings whether the prisoner's wife put the spoons into the bureau? - No.
CAPTAIN KIRKLAND sworn.
I know the prisoner is the man that stole these spoons of Mr. Stoughton.
I understand he came there with you? - Yes.
How long did you know him? - I never knew him before that day, I came from the Hungerford coffee-house, where I laid all night, I had been the night before at Oliphants getting this hat, I had a bill of Exchange for fifty-five pounds some odd shillings, which I wanted to deliver to my agent, and going to Lime-street, Leicester-fields crossing the street over to the Haymarket, I found the prisoner going up the street, and asked him the nearest way to Lime-street, Leicester-fields, which he said, he knew perfectly well it was not all out of his way, that he was going that way, and that he would conduct me; we went there, and at the corner of the street, he asked me to have some wine and water, I said, I had no objection, at the same time, I would go to my agent's, and deliver my bill, and return, which I did, and from that time I went from house to house, till such time as the man endeavoured to get me intoxicated, with that we came to Mr. Stoughton's house, there the prisoner, at the corner of this house gave me his direction
"No. 46.
"Upper Mount-street, Grosvenor-square,
"
               
                  James
                   Ford
               



            ;" and in giving me his direction, he told me 
               
                  Edward
                   Ford
               



            , so I put an E. down, and in contradiction to that, he told me his name was not Edward Ford, he invited me to dine with him, and he told me he had a fillet of veal, I said, I was very glad to dine with any body in the sea line, I would; he came to Mr. Stoughton's and dined, and I told him I was obliged to go to Mr. Stoughton's at any rate, and I begged of him to conduct me down there, as he had to Lime-street, when we got there, Mr. Stoughton and a lady that I knew were sitting at dinner, and I asked the prisoner to take a dinner along with me, which he readily accepted of, after dinner we had some wine; I found myself fatigued, and I wished to lay down, and I left him in the dining room, and did not return till I was informed by the prosecutor these things were gone, then the prisoner was gone out of the house.
Did you go with Mr. Stoughton to his lodgings? - Yes, I found him there, and I made him get out of bed, and deliver them to Mr. Stoughton, he opened the drawer, and took them out.
Mr. Knowles. You were not very sober then, and I believe you are so much used to get drunk, that you do not know when you are sober? - We had been drinking at two or three different houses.
Did not you find the prisoner by that direction which he gave you? - Yes.
I believe this drinking of your's brought you acquainted? - It did not, our acquaintance proceeded from our going to the Haymarket.
The reason you did not dine with this man was because you gave him an invitation to dine with you? - Yes.
Do not you know that the prisoner was so intoxicated, he knew nothing about it? - No, I do not remember anything of the circumstance, I begged he would excuse my laying down.
Was he denied to you at all? - Yes, he was denied insomuch the woman of the house said, that I could not see him, that he was in bed.
She did not deny his being in the house? - No.


                  JAMES
                   PARKE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I searched the prisoner in the watch-house, after I took him into custody, and I found this smelling bottle in his waistcoat pocket, I asked him how he came by it, he said he did not know.
Prosecutor. I cannot swear to it, I only swear that one was missing, that is all I know.
The Remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex, HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 19th of OCTOBER, 1785, and the following Days;
Being the EIGHTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     RICHARD
                      CLARK
                  



               , 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY E. HODGSON, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND; And Published by Authority.
NUMBER VIII. PART IV.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXV.

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  James
                   Ford
               



            .
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On Sunday morning I was coming from the vestry clerks, near Charing-cross, on my return I met this gentleman, he asked me his way to Lime-street; I said, I would shew him, I walked with him to the end of Lime-street, then he asked me if I knew where he could get something to drink, I said, there was a public house at the corner, he wished some brandy and water, I condescended to go along with him, I told him I should rather not drink, he pressed me several times to drink; I said, if I did drink any thing, it must be white wine and bitters, he called for a gill of wine for me, and he drank the brandy and water, he went to his agent's, and I had a second gill of wine, then he produced a letter, where there was a woman's address, that lived at a hair-dresser's, in Glanville-street, going along it rained, he went into a public house, and called for pen, ink and paper, wrote a letter or two, then he drank some white wine and water, then he went to No. 13. in George-street, where there were two or three women, I waited sometime in the passage, I sent him several messages, at last a woman opened the door to me, and the Captain was laid on the bed with his clothes on, and a woman by the side of him, I waited ten minutes longer, he then seemed to be at a loss, where to go, I told him that I had some roast veal at home that day, and he was extremely welcome to dine with me; he called for a coach, and drove to that gentleman's house, in Goudge-street, then he introduced me up stairs, and introduced a decanter of brandy, I was quite intoxicated, prior to this I gave him my address, and there he found me; the woman of the house I presume is here, who can support every thing I say respecting of this; I came home, and as soon as I came home, I was immediately put to bed: I found when they left me in the room at the prosecutor's house, there was a female child left in the room with me, how I came by this property, I do not know, the Captain went and deserted me, and laid on his own bed, and how I got home I cannot tell; here are several respectable characters who have known me twenty years, and never knew me guilty of the smallest thing, till this unfortunate affair; when they came to charge me with this matter, these gentlemen had both been in the room a considerble time before I came to my senses, they drew out all my clothes, in consequence of that I searched my pockets, I immediately resigned them to that gentleman; from nine in the morning, or thereabouts, I had been drinking brandy and wine and bitters, till he was so drunk, he was obliged to go to bed in his boots, and it was not extraordinary that I should be drunk.
Court. Do you desire Mr. Stoughton should be asked in what manner the spoons were produced? - Yes.
Prosecutor. I have related it already; immediately as the Captain had told him about the spoons, he began to laugh, the Captain said he would not be laughed at, he said I have none, he immediately jumped out of bed, opened a chest of drawers, put in his hand, whether in a pocket or not I do not know, and produced the spoons; then he downed on his knees, and begged pardon, and hoped I would not prosecute him.
GRACIA JACKSON sworn.
The prisoner lodged with me, he was strongly recommended to me by a person that had known him a many years; he came home at night intoxicated in liquor, which I never saw him before, between ten and eleven the prosecutor and another gentleman came and knocked at the door, and asked if Ford did not live there, I said, yes, I said, I believed they were both in bed; they desired me to go up with Captain somebody's compliments, but I cannot tell his name, I went up first and knocked at the door, and the prisoner's wife is very hard of hearing, and I could not make either of them answer, I came down again and said they were both of them fast asleep; the Captain then desired me to go up with a light which I did, the prosecutor said I will wake them, after sometime his wife came to the door, and asked what the gentlemen wanted, the Captain said, Captain such an one wanted to speak with him, she said it must be a mistake; the prisoner lay on his left shoulder, the Captain to the best of my knowledge, went and shook him in this manner, and said Mr. Ford awake! he opened his eyes, and could not for sometime make out what it was, Mrs. Ford desired me to withdraw, which I did; they came down stairs soon after, when the Captain came down stairs, I said to him, Sir, I am affraid here is some eruption, what may it be; the Captain asked me how Ford behaved, I told him he was exceedingly well recommended, he came to me on the 17th day of September, that was the 9th day.
Mr. Knowles. When he came to your house in the evening, do you think he had any sense of what he did? - I do not think he had, I do not from my heart, he could not get up stairs or scarce go along the passage.
Mrs. WILLINGTON sworn.
I have known the prisoner between two and three years, I never heard any thing of him but a very honest character, he has lived with Sir 
               
                  William
                   Wake
               



            , and Sir 
               
                  Thomas
                   Burton
               



            , I believe he was discharged from the service of Sir 
               
                  Thomas
                   Burton
               



             when Lady Burton died, and since that he has been in the country to see his friends, he bore a very good character as far as ever I heard.
Court. Had you any opportunity of hearing any thing about him? - I am a laundress and I washed his linen all the time.
Do you know whether he was ever at sea? - No Sir, not to my knowledge, he always paid me very honest.
- PALLARD sworn.
I have known the prisoner about sixteen months, he has lived servant with Sir 
               
                  William
                   Wake
               



            , he has lodged at my house in the capacity of valet and butler, I never knew any harm of him.
- STOBIN sworn.
I live in Adam-street, Portman-square, I have known him between three and four years, he lived with me about six or seven months, he behaved very genteel, I never saw him in liquor, he always paid me, I thought and found him an honest man.

- FISHER sworn.
I live in Saint Alban's-street, I am a fruiterer and green-grocer, I have known the prisoner nineteen years, two gentlemen lodged with me and the prisoner was servant to one of them, he was very honest and sober, I never saw him fuddled, I always heard a good character of him.
Do you know whether he has ever been at sea? - I never heard that he had.
- MOULD sworn.
I am a hair-dresser in Oxford-street, I have known the prisoner eight or nine years, as good a character as ever I heard of a man in my life, according to his profession as a servant, much respected by people that knew him, I have known him in several places of trust.
- LEWIS sworn.
I am a hair-dresser, I have known him about eight years, I have always understood he was a very honest man, I never heard any thing to the contrary in my life, I have known many acquaintance of his, he always bore a very good character as a very honest man, he was a gentleman's butler.
- TIMBERLY sworn.
I live in Oxendon-street, I am a wax and tallow chander, during the time I have known him he has lived in families I have served, and I never heard any thing to the contrary, but he was a very honest man.
Court to Stoughton. You said something in the course of your evidence in conversation between the captain and him, of the captain's saying you must know me? - He said he was on board the Warwick, captain Elphinstone, at the time that Prince William was on board the ship, the captain immediately replied, then you must know me, for we laid anchored off there by her, you must know me said he, I visited at the port frequently.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
