





388. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MURRAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hull
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night, on the 30th of March
, and burglariously stealing therein, one pair of leather shoes, value 4 s. 6 d. his property
            .


                  JOHN
                   HULL
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe maker
, No. 59, Old Gravel-lane, Saint George's


; on the 30th ofMarch, I was at work in my shop by candle-light, and all of a sudden a man broke in my window; I thought it had been an accident; in about half a minute, I saw a hand come into the window and take out a pair of shoes; I was at work with my face to the window; there was no shutters; I was about a yard from the glass; I immediately went to the door, and called stop thief; when I had got to the door, I saw a person running about twenty, thirty, or forty yards from the door; I saw nobody else in the street at the time, but I saw a person who caught him in about five minutes after; when he was taken, he said, he was in liquor and fell against the glass and broke it and run away, because he had no money to pay for it; he was sober enough in a quarter of an hour after he was taken; I lost fight of him when he was taken.


                  FRANCIS
                   RHODES
               



             sworn.
I was going down Gravel-lane, between seven and eight in the evening; I heard some glass fly; it made a great noise indeed; I immediately looked about me; it was about twenty or thirty yards before me; I immediately heard a man cry out stop thief, a man came running and crossed the way; I met him to stop him; he gave me the double, I struck him with this cane, which had a head then, and it flew off; he dropped the shoes; a man met him and knocked him down; he lay as if drunk; then I gave him a tap, and he was sulky, and I pulled him up; two other men came up and assisted to take him; he said he was drunk in coming past, and he shoved his elbow through the window, and he run away because he had no money to pay for the glass; I heard the shoes drop; I will not pretend to say I saw them drop; I picked them up immediately.
How far from him was you? - I was going to lay hold of him, and he gave me a turn, and it was at that time he dropped the shoes; there was not a person on that side of the way; as soon as he got past me, two men attempted to stop me.
(The shoes deposed to.)
They have my stamp at the bottom.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of the shoes.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


