





764. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     JOHNSON
                  , alias 
CROSS, alias 
JONES




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d day of June
 last, thirteen pair of silk stockings, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Berger
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   BERGER
               



             sworn.
I am a hosier
; I lost thirteen pair of silk stockings, on the 22d of June last; I took them to the prisoner at his lodgings;he came to my shop in the evening, and ordered some stockings to be sent to his lodgings in the morning, precisely at nine; he lodged at No. 8, Howard-street, Norfolk-street


; in the morning, on the 22d of June, I took about four dozen of silk stockings; he picked out thirteen pair, twelve pair he said was for a friend in the country, and he very particularly requested I would change them if they did not suit; I told him I would; he then asked me if I sold silk purses, I told him I did; he said he wanted to make a present to a young lady where the stockings were to be sent; he likewise asked me if I sold cotton stockings to wear under boots, I said I did; he desired I would fetch a purse, and two or three pair of cotton stockings; I went for them, and on my return he was gone with the stockings; he had taken thirteen pair; I waited a few minutes before I made any enquiry, but as I thought I should never see him again, I waited, I dare say half an hour; he never returned during that time; a pair of boots was brought, and not finding him come, I went to the boot-maker's, in hopes to catch him there; he was taken by another person; I heard of him in Bow-street; I went to Bow-street; I knew him to be man I carried the stockings to; I am sure the prisoner is the man; I never saw him before that morning.
Did he pay you for these stockings? - No.
Did you make any contract for them? - None at all, he asked me the price.
Did you fix any price upon them? - I did.
Did any other conversation pass about these stockings, but that you have mentioned? - I do not recollect any other.
Did you promise to change them if they did not suit? - Certainly I did; it is the rule of the business, if it is six months after.
Was there any thing said when they were to be paid for? - No, Sir, I should not have given him the least credit, being a perfect stranger; I am sure I was gone but a very few minutes.
Prisoner's Counsel. There was no contract, I understand, made between you? - - None at all.
Nothing said about paying for them? - Nothing at all.
The fact was, that he was to shew them to another person? - He said he bought them for a friend in the country.
Why then you sold them? - I thought I had done so; he was to have bought them.
When you returned, did you see some ill looking men lurking about the house that looked like officers? - Indeed I did not, I did not take any notice.
You left them there for the purpose of fetching these things? - I left them there till I returned.
If he had paid you the money, or returned them to you in six months, you would have changed them? - I should not have let him have them without the money.
Court. Then if I understand you right, there was nothing said about money? - It was never mentioned.
Was there any other person in the room when you left the stockings with him? - Nobody else.
Am I to understand by your evidence that in case he had paid you for them you would changed them? - Yes, I did not mean he should have them without paying for them at that time; if they had not suited his friend after I had received the money, I would have changed them for others.


                  HENRY
                   TIDEMAN
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner in the evening when he came to order the stockings, which was the 21st of June; he said I want some silk stockings; I said I will shew you some; he said it is a very bad light, I think I will not look at them to night; he desired me to come in the morning about it; I put down his address in the book; when Mr. Berger returned, I told him of it; the next morning, Mr. Berger went with the stockings; he returned in about a quarter ofan hour, and went back again with five or six pair of cotton stockings, and five or six purses.


                  ANN
                   CAMPBELL
               



             sworn.
I am a married woman; I know Mr. Berger; he came to my house, and brought a bundle; I do not recollect the day; the prisoner lodged in my first floor; he was at home at that time; the prosecutor carried the bundle up stairs to the room where Mr. Johnson lodged; he came down, and went out in a little time.
Had he any bundle with him when he went out? - I cannot say that, in a few minutes after Mr. Johnson went down stairs, and went out; he wished me a good morning.
Had Mr. 
               
                  Johnson
               


             any bundle with him? - I saw no bundle; he never was at my house after; he had only lodged with me one evening; he had not paid me; on Mr. Berger's return; I opened the door to him; I saw him go up stairs.
Did you go into the room after Johnson went away? - Mr. Berger and my servant went into the room together, but I cannot tell which went in first.
Prisoner's Counsel. How many lodgers had you in that house at that time? - I had two, a lady, she had no servant.
You was below stairs in the parlour at this time? - I was.
Had you known Mr. Berger before? - Never.
Then you had only a transient view of him at first? - Not a great deal, my servant let him in; I saw a man go up.
All that you know it, that you saw some person go up stairs with a bundle - That is all.
When Johnson went out you saw no bundle in his hand? - No, my servant was at the door; it was about nine in the morning; he wished me a good morning, and crossed the way, and seemed to be rather in haste.
Court. You keep a lodging house? - Yes.
Court to Prosecutor. When you went up a second time, did the maid servant go with you? - We went both together.
Did you find the door of Mr. Johnson's lodging open? - The dining room door, I believe there was nobody in either of the two rooms.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
Witnesses called and none answered.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
