





789. 
               
                  MARTHA 
                  BATES
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, a child's linen shift, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Pratt
                  




               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  GEORGE
                   PRATT
               



             sworn.
I live in Portpool-lane, Gray's inn-lane; I lost my little girl on the 15th of October, she is between eight and nine; this is the child; I sent her to school the 15th, in the morning; I am quite certain she had a shift on; she was brought to me on the 20th, by 
               
                  Thomas
                   Lambert
               



            , the beadle of the parish.


                  THOMAS
                   FEATHERSTONE
               



             sworn.
I am master of St. Margaret's workhouse; I received the prisoner into our work-house, with this child as her own, with a pass from the parish of St. Mary, Islington; she produced the pass; I knew her before, but I never knew she had a child; she swore it was her own; it had no shift on.


                  CATHERINE
                   LOWE
               



             sworn.
I was one of the poor of St. Margaret's, I saw the prisoner on the 19th, she had a child with her; this is the child; it had no shift on at all; she said it was her own child; I found two duplicates in her pockets, in her huswife; Mr. Lambert has one, and I believe she tore the other.
(Produced by Lambert.)
I am one of the officers of St. John's, Westminster; I had it from the master of the work house.


                  Catherine
                   Lowe
               



            . This is the duplicate I took from the prisoner.
Lambert. With great difficulty I found out the man; he was in tears for his child.
THOMAS WELLS sworn.
I am a pawn broker; I know the prisoner; I took a shift of her the 19th; this child was with her; I am positive to the prisoner, though I never saw her before.
(The shift deposed to.)
Prosecutor. There is no mark on it, but the woman who made it is here.
ELEANOR M'GINNIS sworn.
This is the shift I made for the child; I know my own work, and my child put in one of the sleeves wrong.
Prisoner. I beg the mercy of the Court, and to go to Botany Bay.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
