





774. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CONNER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th day of September
, four ounces of silk twist, value 9 s
            . the property of 
               
                  Gerrard 
                  Da Costa
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   DA COSTA
               



             sworn.
I am wife of Gerrard Da Costa; he is a taylor
; my husband was abroad at the time the silk twist was lost; it is his property; it was the 24th or 25th of September when I lost it; the prisoner was my husband's apprentice
 at the time; he had been bound two years; I was out, and when I returned at nine at night, the key of the work-shop was missing; the cutting room was within that; the key was in my husband's father's pocket; he lives in the house; he missed it, and desired me to look for it, and I found a small wooden slider that is between the cutting room and work-shop, which is fastened with a bodkin, had been opened; I cannot swear to the property.


                  MICHAEL
                   RUSSEL
               



             sworn.
I am journeyman to Mr. Da Costa; the prisoner's fellow apprentice, Mark Watts, shewed this silk to me on the Monday morning, the day after it was missing, and I compared it with some other hanks of silk that were in the bag, and found it to be the same.
Is there any other circumstance by which you can prove this to be your master's silk? - No.
Had you missed it before you was told? - Yes, I missed several hanks of dark blue
Did you ever see this silk on the prisoner? - No, I have not.


                  MARK
                   WALTERS
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to the prosecutor, and have been so two years; on the Sunday afternoon I found this twist on the prisoner in the front of the kitchen; he was in the front kitchen playing with Mr. Da Costa's father; he was laying on his right side, and the twist was in his left pocket in a paper; I took the paper out of his pocket softly, to know what was in it; he did not know I took it out; I went into the back kitchen to see what was in the paper, and finding it to be twist, I thought it was my master's property; I told Russel of it about half after ten at night; I took it between two and three, but Russel did not come home before.
How happened it, that you did not tell your master's father of it? - I was not certain of it; and I thought my master's father could do nothing in it.
What colour was the silk? - There was some dark blue and some mixtures.
Russel. This apprentice Walters gave me the first information of this silk within five minutes after I came home; I put in the bodkin as usual into the sliding place on Saturday night; I have the key of the cutting room always in my pocket since my master has been abroad; the bag of silk was in the cutting room; none of the apprentices have any business there; nor nobody had been in the cutting room on Saturday to my knowledge; the prisoner and the other apprentice were at home on the Sunday morning till I went out, which was about eleven.
Court to Mrs. Da Costa. What time did you go out on the Sunday? - Between twelve and one, the apprentices were both at home then; when I returned, Walters was at home, but not the prisoner; he returned between ten and eleven that night.
Had you charged Walters with taking this silk? - No; he told me that evening.
What is the character of Walters? - I always found him very honest.
Court to Walters. You have taken an oath to tell the whole truth; you did not take this silk out of the bag yourself? - No, I did not.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found the twist in the same street as I came home.
Court to Mr. Da Costa. What did he say? - He said a boy gave it him.
Russel. It is worth nine shillings




               GUILTY. 10 d
            . 
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


