





459. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTIAN 
                     KLENCKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Christian 
                        Thiele
                     



                  , on the 20th of May
, about the hour of twelve in the night, and stealing therein one gold watch, value 10 guineas; a gold watch key, value 1 s. a silk purse, value 6 d. and half a guinea and 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Monier
                        



                     
                  ; and a silver watch, value two guineas, and a steel chain, value 6 d. and 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Neal
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   NEAL
               



             sworn.
I lodged in the house of Mr. Thiele; on the 20th of May, I went to bed, hung up my watch as usual, and laid my breeches on a chair by the bedside, I waked about seven o'clock in the morning, and missed my watch and nine shillings out of my breeches pocket; 
               
                  Francis
                   Monier
               



             slept in the same room, and he lost his watch and some other things; I afterwards saw my watch again at the justice's on the third of June.
Did you know the prisoner? - I had seen him in the house several times.


                  CHRISTIAN
                   THIELE
               



             sworn.
I am a publican; on the 20th of May I fastened up my doors, as I always do, my own self; I took the key into my bed room; the next morning one of my lodgers told me he was robbed; I examined the lodgers, and they were all searched but nothing was found, the prisoner had used my house till about this time; I afterwards heard that the prisoner was in very good clothes, and I had a suspicion of him, I sent a person to him where I heard he was, to desire him to meet me at the Globe, in Market-lane, which he did; I asked him how he came by his clothes, he said a person lent him two guineas; I asked the person's name, he could not tell; I asked his master's name, he did not know; he immediately went out of the house and ran away, I overtook him about one hundred yards from the house; I brought him into Pall-mall, he would not go any further, I sent a person to the public-house for assistance, upon that he ran away as hard as he could, we stopped him and brought him back, then he produced the silver watch directly, and said the gold watch was in pawn in the Minories, and the duplicate was at his lodging; I asked him what time he left my house on the 20th of May, he said about five o'clock in the afternoon.
Had you seen him in your house that day? - Yes.
Is he a countryman of yours? - Yes, and I am very sorry for it; we took him before Justice Reid, and then went to his lodgings, and there found the duplicate of the gold watch, three rings and a snuff-box.


                  THOMAS
                   RICHARDSON
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I took charge of the prisoner; when I took him to the watch-house he said he had pawned the gold watch; he had produced the silver watch before; I searched his lodgings and found the duplicate of the gold watch, some rings and a snuff-box; (producing them) I went to the pawnbrokers and got the gold watch; (producing it.)
(The silver watch produced in court and deposed to by Neale.)



                  LEONARD
                   GATES
               



             sworn.
I was with the last witness when he found the things in the prisoner's lodging, they laid upon the window.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was in very great distress and could not get any victuals, and seeing these things I had a temptation to help myself to them.




               Not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house; but guilty of stealing the goods to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
