






778. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LAWRENCE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROOME
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th day of July
 last, four live geese, price 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Lufkins
                        



                     
                  ; and one live goose, price 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Weston
               




CHARLES LUFKINS sworn.
On the 16th of July last, about five, I was informed my master's stable door was open, I went and I missed four geese of mine, and one of Mr. Weston's a neighbour; on the Monday following I heard there were two men stopped at Islington, with some geese; I lost them on Saturday there were three grey ones, and two white ones, and one of the grey ones had a white wing, I have had some of them near a twelvemonth, two were young ones, I heard of them at Mr. Lack's, the constable at Islington, he shewed me the geese, and I was sure they were mine.


                  JOHN
                   BOWES
               



             sworn.
On Saturday morning the 16th of July I saw the two prisoners at the bar, coming down what they call the back road Islington, with two sacks on their backs; by their appearance I thought they looked disorderly, I stopped and they passed by me, I looked after them, and there was a foot of something hanging out of one of their sacks, so I looked after them, and this Broome had something rolling in his sack I stopped them and they put down their sacks, I opened one, there were three geese in it, I did not open the other's sack then, so I took them to Mr. West of Islington, a cow-keeper, they said they would go with me where I liked, they said they bought the geese in Holloway, of a waggoner, who was going into the country, so I had them committed; in the other sack there were two geese, and two pieces of iron, a kind of a crow.
Did you observe the colour of these? - I did not take particular notice, Lufkin came, the Tuesday following, and claimed the geese, and swore to them before Justice Blackborough.
At what time was it on Saturday that you saw this? - At five in the morning.

How far from Weston's house was this? - About a quarter of a mile where I took them, almost opposite Sadler's Wells, the geese were alive.
PRISONER BROOM's DEFENCE.
I went to Highgate to see a sister of mine, that lived at the Red Lion, she was gone away, and had been gone two months; I got a lodging in the town, and this young man was there, and he said he was coming to London in the morning; we both got up in the morning, at about a mile out of Highgate, we met a farming man with geese, and I bought three, and this young man bought two, and he gave us a bag each of us, to put them in.
PRISONER LAWRENCE'S DEFENCE.
I can only say the same.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
