





742. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JACKSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Morris
                        



                     
                  , in the parish of St. Clement Danes


 in the county of Middlesex, on the 1st of July, and feloniously stealing therein, one linen gown, value 10 s. and one linen shift, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Small
                        



.


                  ELIZABETH
                   SMALL
               



             sworn.
I am servant
 to 
               
                  John
                   Morris
               



            , his house was robbed yesterday was a week, the house was not fastened, my mistress came down stairs last, she is not come here yet; I was coming in with a pint of peas for my master's supper, I met the prisoner and asked him what he wanted, it was about half after nine.
Court. It was not dark then? - No, but we had candles.
But it was light enough to know a man's face without the candles? - Yes, my Lord, he gave me a push and asked me what it was to me, I went and told my master's Clerks, and they went after him, I missed a gown and shift, I did not miss the shift at first.
What is the value of the gown? - Ten shillings, and the shift is worth one shilling, the man was taken about five minutes after, I am sure that is the man.


                  JOHN
                   KIDD
               



             sworn.
I was at Mr. Morris's house when the prisoner was brought in with a gown under his arm.


                  HENRY
                   HILL
               



             sworn.
On Thursday evening the first of July, I was coming out of Mr. Morris's about a quarter past nine, and I met the servant 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Small
               



             with a bason of peas in her hand, she asked me if I knew what man that was that came out of the house just then, I told her I saw none, she said a man in a blue jacket came out, and she asked him his business, and he gave her a push on one side and said what is that to you; I asked her if he had any papers, she said no, I went into the yard and saw the one pair of stairs window open, there are two ways into the house, and I told the girl to go up and see if she had lost any thing, and she immediately went up and said she missed her gown, she seemed to be in great lamentation about her gown, I went to seek for the man, and Barnet run after me, and I went on one side of Fleet-street and he on the other, and crossing over the way I met Mr. Morris, and two or three minutes after I met the prisoner coming from Chancery-lane with a gown under his arm, he had a short blue coat on, not a sailor's jacket, and seeing him have a gown and the blue jacket, it struck me, and he went into a pawnbroker's shop, I suspected him and I stopped him as he came out of the pawnbroker's, I asked him whose that was, he said it was his own, he wanted to go and I laid hold of him, and called Mr. Barnet, and we took the prisoner to Mr. Morris's, and the girl said it was her gown.

(The gown deposed to by 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Small
               



             having a hole under the arm.)
Mr. Peatt Prisoner's Counsel. Is it cotton or linen? - Cotton.
What else do you know it by? - I know it by nothing else, I am sure it is the gown.
There are other gowns of that pattern? - Yes.
Have you ever seen the prisoner before? - No.
It was light when you saw him with it? Yes, I could see his face.
Court to Hill. This house is in Brick-court? - Yes.
And you met the prisoner coming down Chancery-lane? - Yes.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I saw a bundle lay in Brick-court, I picked it up and went along Fleet-street with it, and that gentleman stopped me, I told him I had found it, I run after him, instead of running away from him, I never saw the young woman nor was in the house.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, you will acquit him of the capital part of the charge as it was light enough to see a man's face, without the help of the candle.
Mr. Peat Prisoner's Counsel. My Lord, I humbly submit, on the part of the prisoner, that the indictment which charges the burglary to have been committed in the parish of St. Clements Danes, in the county of Middlesex, is erroneous. I understand that part of Brick-court, in which Mr. Morris lives, is within a liberty of the County-Palatine of Lancaster. In a civil process this description would not be sufficiently accurate, I therefore trust the Court will be of opinion, that in a case so highly penal, the description ought to be in conformity to the fact, and allow the objection.
Court. It is the same parish and county, and being a mere matter of description is not necessary.




               GUILTY. Of stealing but not of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.




[Transportation. See summary.]


