





266. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BRAGG
                  



               
             was indictedfor 


               stealing, on the 19th day of March
 last, four shirts, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Scott
               




            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  MARY
                   SCOTT
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Stephen
                   Scott
               



            ; he is a journeyman taylor
; I take in washing; on the 19th of March, I lost four shirts out of my yard; I put them in, to the best of my knowledge, about eight, and I missed them a little before nine, in the morning; I can only speak to the property.


                  NICHOLAS
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I was standing in the ware-house where I work; I heard the cry of, stop thief! I saw the prisoner going with a bundle in his hand; when I began to run, the prisoner run; the prisoner was going from Scott's house; he might be about fifty yards from Scott's house; I continued to pursue him; I saw him throw away the bundle; I did not stay to pick it up, but went after the prisoner, and took him; 
               
                  James
                   Fry
               



             took up the shirts.


                  JAMES
                   FRY
               



             sworn.
I was attending the office, in Phoenix-street, St. Giles's, the 19th of March; hearing the cry of stop thief! Smith was the first that ran; the prisoner was rather walking; I followed Smith, and when the prisoner found he was pursued, he ran, and Smith took him; I took up the linen, I saw him throw the bundle over his shoulders.
(The shirts deposed to.)


                  William
                   Piggot
               



             deposed to the same effect.


                  THOMAS
                   HIGHFIELD
               



             sworn.
On the 19th of March, I saw the prisoner in custody of two young men that I know, and I followed them to the Cock, the corner of Litchfield-street, and a person that is not here, asked the prisoner, whether he had any money; he said, he had half-a-guinea, and would give it, if he could get off; he put down the half-guinea, and the man took it up, and went out and got change, and he said, it should be done for him; then the prisoner sent for his wife, and this young man said to the prisoner, if you have any thing in your pocket, ding it; the prisoner stood up, and put his back towards us, and he pulled out two shirts, I saw one of the shirts hang down, and gave them to a girl, the girl gave them to him back again; I went out to tell the gentlewoman the two shirts were found, and when I went in again, I saw them lay under the grate, and I told the young man, and he picked them up.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am innocent; I ran as well as the rest, on the cry of stop thief! a man threw down the bundle, and they told me, it was me; they wanted half a guinea to let me go.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
