





123. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     VAUGHAN
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Aaron 
                           Davis
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night, on the 30th of December
 last, and feloniously stealing therein, one pair of leather boots, value 2 s. one brass pound weight, value 4 d. two other brass weights, value 1 d. one brass pendulum of a clock, value 2 s. one brass sconce, value 2 s. one iron poker with a brass head, value 6 d. a pair of brass scales, value 2 d. a printed book, value 2 d.
             his property.


                  AARON
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 221, in Petticoat-lane


; my house was broke open, on the Sunday night, the 30th of December, between eight and nine; I went out between five and six to drink tea, and they informed me my house had been robbed; I left one Jacob Solomon in the house, and nobody else.


                  JACOB
                   SOLOMONS
               



             sworn.
On the 30th of December last, I was in 
               
                  Aaron
                   Davis
               



            's house at six; I was alone there, from the time he went out; I left it without any body in it; I fastened every thing as fast as ever I could; I swear the doors and windows were fast when I went out at six; I fastened the back door, barred and locked it, and the front door was locked.
Then how was Davis to get in when he came? - There was nobody lay in that house beside myself.
Did not Davis lay in the house? - No, he did not; the prosecutor is my stepfather; he lets me sleep in the house; the house is his; about half after eight, I was returning to this house to go to bed, and opening the door, I heard a noise in the shop, and a running, and a man came to the outside of the back door; that was the prisoner; I stopped him, and he wanted to get away from me; I asked him what he wanted; I called for assistance, and one 
               
                  Isaac
                   Fernandez
               



             came to my assistance.
You see him come out of the door? - No, I did not; he run hard against me.
Was the back door shut or open? - Open; it opened into the court; he had along bag in his hands; they were the things in the indictment; these things were in the shop; they were my father's, he had the boots on his legs; I delivered the prisoner to the constable; the door was wrenched open; the prisoner told me he was in the house twice or three times in the night; he told me that when I took him into the shop; the things I found in the bag, are like the things that I lost, and such sort of things were missing also; I know the boots that were upon his legs, to be the boots that had been in the shop; as soon as I called for assistance, he dropped the bag, it fell on my toe, so I must feel it drop.
What did he say as soon as he let it drop? - He told me to give him a knife, and he would cut his own throat.
Prisoner. I had no more than the boots upon my legs, because the bag was in the shop; I know where it was.
Solomons. The bag does not belong to me.


                  WILLIAM
                   BOX
               



             sworn.
On the 30th of December, about half past eight, I was at home sitting by the fire; Mr. Davis said he had been robbed; I came across the way, and saw the prisoner with these boots upon his legs; I pulled them off, and I went to Mr. Davis's door, and found the prisoner's shoes; there were coals in his shoes.


                  ISAAC
                   FERNANDEZ HENRIQUES
               



             sworn.
I assisted 
               
                  Jacob
                   Solomons
               



             when he got the prisoner by the shoulder on Sunday night, the 30th of December, about eight or half after; I saw the prisoner drop the bag, he had it in his hand when I came to Solomons' assistance; I cannot swear what was in the bag; I saw the prisoner the very same evening about six, hovering about Davis's house; I took particular notice when he had the bag in his hand, and there was H. and No. 4, upon it.


                  JOHN
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was brought to the Rotation-office in the evening, on Sunday, the 30th of December, and I took charge of him.
Court to Solomons. I think you said you left the house about six; was it light or dark? - It was dark then, when I went out, and I came back about half past eight; I am sure the things were in the shop when I went out; I keep the shop for Davis; the things were his.
(The things deposed to.)
I know the boots; there is an iron poker with a brass head, and the box and scales I know, and that book; that is my own writing; here is my name on it in my own writing.
Prisoner. I wish to call my witnesses; I could satisfy you how I came by the boots.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
