





745. 
               
                  
                     REDMUND 
                     M'GRAH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Dyke
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of one in the night, on the 26th day of September
 last, and feloniously stealing therein, three pounds weight of green tea, value 20 s. twenty pounds weight of sugar, value 6 s. six pounds weight of soap, value 2 s. one pound of Spanish liquorice, value 2 s. twenty-four yards of tape, value 1 s. half a pound of thread, value 2 s. six pounds weight of tallow candles, value 2 s. one check apron, value 1 s. six books, value 6 s. one pound weight of pearl barley, value 2 d. and three linen towels, value 1 s. the property of the said Thomas
            .


                  THOMAS
                   DYKE
               



             sworn.
On the 27th of September, when I got up in the morning between five and six, I found my house broke open, and my shop robbed of the things mentioned in the indictment, they were there the night before, I found both the doors open, I fastened them when I went to bed about ten.
Court. Was you the last up in the house? - No, there were some lodgers in the house that were up after me, and a servant called with a parcel for me, and the door was opened to him, I do not know how it was fastened afterwards, the person that fastened it is not here, she laid in last Monday; the shop door was broke open with a chissel, I cannot say how the other door was opened, the things that are now in Court were missing, they were found the next morning in Drury-lane, I was not present, I saw the advertisement in the papers, and I went to see if they were my goods.
The Remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.





Trials at Law, Arguments of Counsel, &c. carefully taken in Short-Hand, and copied with Dispatch by E. HODGSON, Writer of these Proceedings, No. 35, Chancery-Lane.
This Day is Published, Price only Half a Crown, the Second Edition, with Additions, of SHORT-HAND on an IMPROVED PLAN; The Alphabet consisting of Sixteen Characters only, by E. HODGSON;
Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No, 35, Chancery Lane, S. BLADON, Pater-noster Row, and J. CLARKE, Portugal Street.
N. B. Although this Book, which contains an Explanatory Copper-plate is a sufficient Instructor of itself; yet if any Doubts should arise, they shall be removed on Application to the Author without any additional Expence.
Short-hand taught at Home and Abroad in FOUR LESSONS, if required.
The Trial of LIEUTENANT COLONEL COCKBURNE, at the Horse Guards, for the loss of St. Eustatius, Price 3 s. published from Mr. Hodgson's Short Hand Notes.







THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO, The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 29th of OCTOBER, 1783, and the following Days;
Being the EIGHTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     Nathaniel
                      Newnham
                  



               , Esq; 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT HAND BY E. HODGSON, And Published by Authority.
NUMBER VIII. PART V.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXIII.
[PRICE SIX-PENCE.]

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  Redmund
               


             M'Grah.


                  JOHN
                   BROMLEY
               



             sworn.
I am the officer of the night, the things that are here were brought to me between three and four in the morning of the 26th of September by the watchman; they have been in my possession ever since.


                  JOHN
                   POW
               



             sworn.
After calling the hour of three on the 26th of September in the morning, I saw the prisoner and another man passing on the other side of the way, the prisoner with a sack on his back, I crossed to them and they walked faster, I got to the prisoner at the end of Bromley-street, Drury-lane I there attacked him, and asked him what he had got, I imagined by the answer he gave me, chips, I said, what carpenter yard is there open, he then said, it is a trifle of sugar brought from Temple-bar, and going up to St. Giles's; he then said, quarter-day is so nigh, and as I am under a little straitness, I am obliged to move, says I my friend you must go to the watch-house with me, and we went along very jocose together, he desired me not to take him to the watch-house, otherwise he should lose his goods, he then said he had brought them from Wapping, I suspected then he had brought them from the fire, he said he would satisfy me well if I would go into Church-street, the next door to the Hammer and Trowell, I said he must go to the watch-house, he then said the goods were not his own, but that a man gave him one shilling to carry them; I then passed three watchmen, I said it signifies nothing, and I was opening the bag to see the contents, and he desired me not to tumble the bag, for there was candles in it, and I should break them; he rehearsed almost every article that was in the bag, and I took him and the sack to the watch-house, I never saw him before to my knowledge? he did not make any forcible resistance.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On the Thursday evening before this happened I went to Wapping to see an acquaintance, I staid drinking till after two, and at the lower end of Fleet-street I met with the young man that had the bag, the bag laid down, he asked me where I was going, I said to St. Giles's, he asked me to carry the bag and offered me a shilling, I agreed with him, he told me he lived next door to the Hammer and Trowel in Churc-street, he was along with me all the time, and when the watchman stopped me; he had before told me when I wanted to rest, to take care, for there were candles and soap, and such things in the sack, and if I put them down, I should break them. I have been abroad most of this war. I came from sea lately. I had not been three months in London.
Court to Prosecutor. What appearance was there of the inner door being broke open by a chissel? - The chissel was drove between the wainscot and the door, and there was a mark that appeared to me to be the marks of a chissel.
Court to Jury. You see, Gentlemen, by reason of the absence of this woman, there is no direct evidence of the door being fastened again after it was opened to take in the parcel.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 30 s. but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
