







362. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     EMBLETON
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     EADES
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           King
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of one in the night, on the 22d day of February
 last, and burglariously stealing therein two linen sheets, value 7 s. three pair of cotton stockings, value 1 s. one pair of ditto, value 3 s. two frocks, value 2 s. one towel, value 6 d. two napkins, value 1 s. two aprons, value 6 d. four nightcaps, value 6 d. one skirt, value 1 s. three handkerchiefs, value 1 s. one shirt, value 1 s. one shift, value 6 d. six shifts, value 3 s. one neckcloth, value 2 d. one cap and fender, value 2 s. one fender, value 1 s. a poker, value 6 d. a pair of tongs, value 1 s. a shovel, value 1 s. one pair of scissars, value 2 d. six cups and saucers, value 1 s. two pounds weight of brown sugar, and four pewter tea-spoons, value 1 s.
             the property of the said 
               
                  James
                   King
               



            .


                  JAMES
                   KING
               



             sworn.
On the 22d of February, I was the last up in the house; I went to bed about twelve; I am sure all the doors and windows were fast; my wife was first up in the morning, between five and six; my wife called me down, and I found the brickwork of the chimney broke down, and a hole big enough for two men to get through; the chimney is between the coal-hole and the parlour; they got through the coal-hole; the door of that coal-hole is shut, but never locked.
There is no communication between the coal-hole and the house? - No; there are windows, but they join together.
Was it day-light when you came down? - Yes; it was day-break.
Were there any things lost out of the house? - Out of the parlour; the things mentioned in the indictment; the things were advertised; a servant came down to me, and I came up to London, and found some of my things at Mr. Wilmot's office on the 28th, and the three prisoners were in custody, but how they came in custody I do not know.


                  REBECCA
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I came down in the morning of the robbery, between five and six.
Was it day-light? - Pretty light; it was light enough to see about the house without a candle; I went to fetch some coals, and saw the back parlour chimney was all pulled down; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  SARAH
                   MARCELLO
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of February, some things were brought to me, between seven and eight in the morning, in a bag, as nigh as I can guess; I keep a sale shop in Shoreditch, No. 40; they were offered for sale; when they brought them, I was in bed, and the stockings were quite wet; the three prisoners were all in the shop when I came down stairs; I am sure these are the three men; I asked them what they wanted, and the prisoners Smith and Embleton said they each of them wanted a pair of shoes.
Did the prisoner Eades say any thing? - No, not at that time; I was uneasy at their being there, and I requested them to go away; they shewed some reluctance; then Smith told Eades they would go to the Star and Garter, and wait for his coming; Eades said he would come presently: then I asked Eades what he would have for the things; he said they were his property; he asked half a guinea for them; I offered him nine shillings; he said, you may have them; I suspected the man, and went to Mr. Allen, and took him into custody; when the officer came, I gave charge of him; and the prisoner Eades said, he met two men coming across Newington Fields, and that these two men followed him, and gave them to him to sell; that is all that I know. Allen and me went to look for the other men at the Star and Garter, and we found them there; the prisoners are the men; then Mr. Allen took charge of Eades and the things; Eades said he was coming along in Newington Fields, and he met two men, and he picked them up; that two men were hustling for them, and he hustled with them, and got a cut over his forehead; the other men said they knew nothing of him; Eades said after, that Smith gave him the things to sell; Smith confessed, and he was not examined by the Justice.


                  CHARLES
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
Mrs. Marcello called me to take charge of one of these prisoners; she told me she dare say there had been a robbery committed; that she had some things offered for sale, and they were wet.
Who did you find there? - The prisoner Eades.
What did he say? - He said the things were given him to sell by Smith; he did not say any thing about Embleton.
Did he mention any body but Smith having any thing to do with the things? - No; I then went to the public house, and took the other men.
When you first went there, and took the two men, what did either of them say? - Embleton said he knew nothing at all about them; he went in to buy a pair of shoes; Smith did not deny but what he gave them to him to sell, and said he found them in a ditch.
Did Smith say that Embleton was with him? - No.
Did Embleton deny any knowledge of the things? - Yes.
Did Smith contradict that? - No; Eades said that Smith was the man that gave him the things; I am sure those are the things.


                  ABRAHAM
                   MARCELLO
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of February, my youngest child brought up a bag, containing some clothes in it; I went down, and my wife had given charge of one man; I saw nobody when I came down; they were at the next door, at Mr. Allen's; I saw the prisoner Eades in custody at Mr. Allen's; I asked him how he came by these goods; he said that a brewer's servant, (that was Smith) who was at the Star and Garter, gave them to him to sell; I asked him where the brewer's servant was; he said he was gone to get a pint of beer at the Star and Garter; then I said to Mr. Allen, you had better apprehend the other two men, and the brewer's servant; he said there were two men with him, but it was the brewer's servant that gave it to him.
After your wife and Allen went away to look after the two men, did any thing pass between Eades and you? - No; he said he was innocent; I was present at the examination of all three of them; the officer told Mr. 
               
                  Wilmot
               


             the charge; Mr. Wilmot called to Smith first; when he was alone, he said, young man, it will save me a good deal of trouble, if you tell the truth; Smith said he was coming along the fields, and he found the bundle in a ditch, and he had a scuffle with two men, and one of them cut him over the eye; I saw no mark or wound; there would have been one, if it was fresh. Embleton said he was present; the other man said the things were found; none of them said that Embleton knew any thing of this. I know nothing further.
(The things deposed to.)
Court to Mrs. Marcello. Is your girl here? - No.
When you came down, you found these three men in the shop? - Yes.
Who asked for the shoes, can you recollect? - Yes, each of them; Smith and Embleton said they wanted a pair of shoes, but I looked at their feet, and I did not think they wanted any; they had very good shoes on their feet; they both said they would go and have a pint of beer; Smith said to Eades they would go to the Star and Garter and get a pint of beer, and Embleton said, so they would.
Did Smith and Embleton say any thing? - No, nothing; but they were very loth to go away from the premises.
When you offered the nine shillings, and agreed for that, it was with a view to get the officer? - Yes; I did not mean to buy them; I would not wish to buy them under twelve or fourteen shillings at a fair price; I would not wish to buy them cheaper.
It was between seven and eight? - It was a little before eight.
Court to Prosecutor. How far is your house from town? - About six miles from Shoreditch church.
Mrs. King. My Lord, that prisoner, Embleton, was at our house the evening before; our's is a public house; there was him and another; I cannot tell who the other was; I do not know that it was either of the prisoners; I knew him again when I saw him; he had a pint of beer; I said, gentlemen, how far are you going this dark cold night; and he said, Madam, we are going to town; he paid me for the pint of beer; it was about eight in the evening; they staid half an hour at our house; I saw or heard no more of them.
What part of the house were they in? - They were in the kitchen; I was ironing in the parlour.
Prisoner Eades. I was walking down Shoreditch, and I met 
               
                  George
                   Embleton
               



             in Shoreditch, that very morning that I was taken up; and he said, Dick, I have been very sick a long while, will you give me part of a pint of purl; I said, yes, and welcome, if I had but a penny I would give you a part of it; we drank out one pint of purl, and went to the door, and drank another at the door; and as we were going out, George said to me, Dick, will you give me part of another pint; as we were drinking it, the prisoner Smith came past; he spoke to George; I never saw him before; and he told me as he had found these things; I said, I was going to Shoreditch; Embleton, he was going to buy a pair of shoes.
PRISONER SMITH'S DEFENCE.
I picked up these things going to town; I came back and met with these two men at the Rose and Crown door; I said I have found something, but what they are, I do not know; and as I said so, I turned the things out in the middle of the high road.
PRISONER EMBLETON'S DEFENCE.
I had been very ill, and I then got up and I met with Eades, and he and I had a pint or two of purl; when this man came up, we went with him; I wanted a pair of shoes, the shoes I had on were tore on both sides; and I had them mended in New-prison; I could not get a pair of shoes; and this man employed him to sell the things for him, and we went to the Star and Garter; as for being in the prosecutor's house, I was bad in my bed and had been for five days; and the constable knows I was very bad when he took me; I could scarcely walk to the office.
(The prisoners witnesses examined separate.)


                  SUSAN
                   CABE
               



             sworn.
I am a witness for Smith; he lodged at my house about a year and a half.
Have you any husband? - Yes; he is a watch finisher.
What character does he bear? - He always bore an exceeding good character, a hard working, sober, honest man; he was taken up either the 22d or 23d; I remember his being taken up; that was on the Thursday following.
What day of the month was the Thursday? - I cannot rightly say.
How long was it after he was taken up? - He was taken up on the Monday as I was told; I did not hear it till the Thursday following.
When had you seen him last before you heard he was taken up? - I saw him the 22d.
What day of the week was that? - It was on the Monday.
Do you mean the Monday before the Thursday, or the Monday week? - The Monday week before I heard he was taken up.
Was it in February or in March that you heard he was taken up? - In February.
You heard it was in February, was it the last Thursday in February? - I believe it was.
And you had seen him the Monday before that? - Yes.
Was it the Monday before that, or the Monday week before that? - The Monday week before that.
Then you had not seen him for ten days before you heard he was taken up? - Yes, I had.
How so? - Then it must be the Monday before I heard it, and not the Monday week.
How long had he been taken up before you heard it? - Two or three days.
Are you sure it was the Thursday you heard it? - Yes; I think it was, to the best of my knowledge.
Where was it you last saw him? - He was at my house the last time I saw him; he left my house about six in the morning; the last time I saw him, I think it was on a Monday.
Prisoner Eades. I do not know I have any witnesses.
Prisoner Embleton. I have a person that can testify, that I was bad in my bed for five days; and I have persons to appear for my character.


                  RICHARD
                   BELLWARD
               



             sworn.
I have known Embleton twelve or fourteen years; he is a carpenter; when I knew him at home, he bore a very good character; he was brought up with his parents; he lived then in Marsh-street, Walthamstow; before he was taken up he lived at Newington.
The prisoner Embleton called three witnesses to his character.


                  GEORGE
                   EMBLETON
               



            , 
               
                  RICHARD
                   EADES
               



            , 
               
                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               








               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .
Each 




               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
