





449. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ATKINSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of March
, one cloth coat, value 5 s. one black silk waistcoat, value 2 s. one stuff waistcoat, value 1 s. four pair of breeches, value 2 s. four shirts, value 2 s. one pair of shoes, value 3 s. one pair of stockings, value 1 s. two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. one printed book, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I only prove my property, which was up stairs in the garret where I laid, in the house of Mr. Cook, No. 40, Shoe-lane


; I do not know the prisoner; I was at home at the same time, I work backwards.


                  SUSANNAH
                   WATKINS
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner come down stairs with the bundle under his right arm, and a little stick under his arm; my master asked him who he wanted; he said he wanted one Mrs. Johnson, he had a bundle of linen shirts to wash, and other things; he was stopped with the bundle, and it contained the things mentioned in the indictment; the things were put into my master's and mistress's care.


                  MARY
                   COOK
               



             sworn.
Between four and five the prisoner came down from the garret; the first time I saw him, he was knocking at the one pair of stairs door, pretending to want one Mrs. Johnson; there was somebody coming up stairs, and I stopped him, and found the things mentioned in the indictment; they have been in my husband's and my possession ever since.


                  Joshua
                   Cook
               



             produced the things, which were deposed to.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
