





555. 
               
                  
                     NICHOLAS 
                     RILEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of April
 last, one wooden trunk covered with skin
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Blexley
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  ELEANOR
                   BLEXLEY
               



             sworn.
I live the corner of London-street, Mark-lane


.
On the 18th of April last, did you lose a trunk? - Yes, a wooden trunk covered with skin, it was lost from under a gateway, which belongs to me.
A WITNESS sworn.
I was coming down London-street, and I saw the prisoner with the trunk on his shoulders I pursued and took him, and brought him to the shop, the boy said, he had lost a trunk.


                  MICHAEL
                   WARREN
               



             sworn.
I produce the trunk, I had it from Mrs. Blexley in the shop, when she charged the prisoner with taking it, it was as near nine as I can recollect, I believe it was Tuesday the 18th of April.


                  THOMAS
                   PLAYFAIR
               



             sworn.
I was at work in the prosecutrix's shop, and as I made it myself, I am sure it was the prosecutrix's property.
JOSEPH - sworn.
I am a hair dresser, I have been backwards and forwards several times to the prosecutrix's house, and seeing the prisoner come with a trunk on his head, I had a suspicion he had taken it, and I run down into the gateway to see if the trunks were there, and I found one was gone, I hallooed out stop thief! and I saw that gentleman and another lay hold of him, and bring him back to Mrs. Blexley's house; the prisoner had the trunk on his shoulders.
Prisoner. It was on my head, Sir.
I asked him where he was going, he said, to Mincing-lane; I said, you are going the wrong way.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was looking for work, and coming round where this gentlewoman lived, two women with red trunks, they asked me if I was a porter
, I said, I was, and they told me to carry that trunk to Mincing-lane; as I went on I heard them mention something of the Gravesend boat, I thought they were behind me, and they came and took me; I directly told them how I came by it, and the person that I received it from was not to be found.
Court. Did he give the same account when he was brought back to the shop? - Yes, he said, a woman offered him sixpence to carry it into Mincing-lane; he said, on my calling out stop thief! he thought the women were behind him in the room of me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
