





256. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     NASH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of January
, two linen shirts, value 2 s. two caps, value 2 d. two pair of cotton stockings, value 1 s. one pair of thread stockings, value 6 d. one table cloth, value 2 d. one apron, value 6 d. oue pocket-book, value 2 d. and one silk purse, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Bradley
                  




               
            .


                  JONATHAN
                   BRADLEY
               



             sworn.
On Sunday last, the 9th of January, between seven and eight, I was robbed of the things mentioned in the indictment, I live at No. 7, Broad-street


, a young woman came to see me, and I went to light her down stairs, we were in the dining room, and as I came back I went into the back parlour, and found the things in the chair, and the prisoner in the room, I was going to put the key into the door, and he rushed out immediately upon me, I took him by the collar; when I put in the key the door gave way; the things were in the drawers before; the poker was very much bent, and the bureau at the top of it was broke, and two locks open; I took him to the watch-house myself, I was beadle of the night; I searched him, and found a knife upon him.


                  MARY
                   BRADLEY
               



             sworn.
I locked the door and the drawers, and had the key in my pocket, I came down just as my husband cried thieves, I found the things in the chair, I left them locked up.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My wife goes out a washing, and she had sent me of an errand to seek for the woman, and I asked a man to tell me of such a person, and he sent me to that house, and just as I got into the passage, a man rushed out against me, and said I was a thief.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
