






443. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BEADLE
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               stealing on the 23d of May
, a yard of wrapper cloth, value 10 d. fifty-two yards of cloth, value 24 l. ten cotton shawls, value 10 s. ten yards of buckram, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Birch
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I am a waggoner, I drive the waggon of Mr. Birch, I know the prisoner from the time of the robbery, when I first saw him which was the 23d of May, as I was going up Oxford-road


 between the Green Man and Still, I was looking to see whether every thing was right, and I saw the prisoner about thirty yards distance, it was between four and five in the morning; he was on the foot pavement walking after the waggon; but I little thought he had any ill design, I went up again to my horses, and in the space of five minutes, for it was not more I am sure, then I came back again behind the waggon to see as all the things were right mind I saw the prisoner up in the waggon robbing it; he had stole a truss of cloth from the place where I had laid it, and was just on the point of putting it out of the waggon; I asked him what he was doing there, he said he got up to look for his hat; as soon as he saw me, he did not stop to look after his hat any longer, but came out of the waggon as fast as he could, and I caught him by the collar.
Had he any hat on? - No, he had not any hat on in the waggon.
Had he any hat on when you first saw him? - I do not recollect as he had, to the best of my remembrance he had not; he struggled to get away, and I got him down as soon as I could and called for assistance, and the watchman came, and we took him to the watch-house; it was very well I happened to take him, if I had not, this truss of cloth would have been lost; my master might have thought ill of me, and I might have lost my place and my character as long as I live afterwards.
Prisoner. Whether this truss would not move by jolting on the stones? - I am very sure it did not, because it was so closely stoved in, I am sure it could not.
Court. What distance might it be moved? - A yard and half.
Was it tied in any way? - No, but it was packed in as close as could be, no shaking would ever have moved it.
Do you know what was in it? - It is here, here is the man that sent it into our inn.
Court. The yard and half that it was moved was backwards, towards the end of the waggon? - It was moved backwards as close as it could be, except it had been put out.


                  JAMES
                   HOPE
               



             sworn.
I do not know the man, I am only the person that delivered the goods at the inn, to the waggoner, I delivered this packet to the waggoner, here is a direction which I put with my own hand, or at least to the inn where the waggon went from.
DAWES sworn.
This is the truss that was moved.


                  WILLIAM
                   GOLDSMITH
               



             sworn.
I am one of the watchmen, I was on my beat, and hearing a noise in Oxford Road, I went up to see; and my partner the watchman had the prisoner by the collar.
FRANCIS M'DONALD sworn.
I am a watchman; as I was coming down between Orchard-street and Duke-street, I saw the waggon stop, and I saw the prisoner and the waggoner have a great struggle; I went immediately to assist, and asked the waggoner what was the matter, he said the prisoner had been robbing his waggon, I took him into custody with the assistance of the other watchman; the prisoner had no hat.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to Richmond to take a job at the Duke of Queensborough's, going up Oxford Road, I met a young fellow that I used to work with; he chuck'd myhat into the waggon in a frolic; not having the presence of mind to ask the waggoner, I acknowledge I got into the waggon, then the waggoner up't with his whip and knocked me down; the watchman came up and I was taken to the office, this gentleman swore that nothing was moved and nothing lost; Mr. Robinson came and said, your prosecutor has swore different to what he did before, and you are to be tried at the Old Bailey; I have no friends, I know I am here by myself; he said before that nothing was moved.
Court. Where was it he said nothing was moved? - At the office in Litchfield-street.
Who was there at the time? - I do not know whether any of the runners belonging to the said office is here; I was to have been tried at Clerkenwell.
Jury to the waggoner. Did you see any person near him? - None till the watchmen came.
Prisoner. He swore at the office he saw another young man.
Prosecutor. That is false, I swore the very same at Litchfield Office that I do now.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
