





35. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BARNETT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of November
 last, thirty-six quires of foolscap paper, value 18 s. and one piece of pasteboard with a printed account of hackney coach rates and fares
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hand
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
On the 7th of this month, by six in the evening my coach was at the stand at the end of Charles-street


; I was walking past the prosecutor's door, and I observed two persons lurking about his door; the prisoner was one; I passed them again; I suspected them; I looked back and saw the other person go into the shop, fetch out the pasteboard, and deliver it to the prisoner, who went and put it behind a pair of gates, to a large coal shed; the other went into the shop again; I called to a coachman to take hold of the person that was in the shop, but he lost him; and I took the prisoner; I saw the other pass me with two reams of paper; the other got clear away; I kept the prisoner some time, and nobody would take him into custody, and I let him go, and did not see him till the next night at the Justice's; I am sure it was the same; I saw the pasteboard picked up by Cowell from behind the gates.


                  WILLIAM
                   COWELL
               



             sworn.
I saw nothing of the transaction; I only picked up the pasteboard behind the gate; I gave it to Mrs. Hand.

Mr. JONES sworn.
I was coming down Oxford road between five and six by Mr. Hand's house, somebody called stop thief; I saw a young man with two bundles under his arm; I caught at him and missed him; he dropped the two bundles of paper; and I lost him; I brought the paper to Bow-street.
(Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. I never saw the things.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
