





20. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MACGOWAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st day of November
 last, two mens hats, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hall
               



            , widow
, and 
               
                  John 
                  Hall
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
I lost two hats, I only prove the property.


                  RALPH
                   PAYNE
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to Mr. Hall.
Is not Mrs. Hall partner with him? - Yes, I saw the hats hanging on a nail close to the window, I had them to finish.
Was the window open? - Yes, I missed them directly, I saw something whisk over the window, and I saw the hats bulk out under his jacket.
Under whose jacket? - Under the prisoner's jacket: I saw him close to the window, I called stop thief, and he ran up the next lane, and a man stopped him, I do not know who it was.
How near was the prisoner to you? - Close to the window.
Did you see his face? - No.
Then how can you swear that is the man? - I am sure.

Why? - Because there was nobody else nigh.
If you did not see his face, how can you swear that was the man? - I saw him immediately before he passed the shutters.


                  JOSEPH
                   GATES
               



             sworn.
I know nothing of the robbery, I was coming by at the time, and they had the prisoner in the shop, I took him into custody.
Court to Payne. Who brought him to you? - I do not know who he was.
Was you present when the prisoner was taken? - Yes.
What was found upon him? - Nothing, he threw the hats away before he was taken, I saw him throw them away when he was half way up the lane.
Was he out of your sight? - No.
How far might it be before you took him? - About ten yards, I took him immediately, I was close by the hats when they were picked up; the hats are here; I do not know who picked them up and gave them to me.
Gates. I produce the hats, I had them from Mr. Hall.
(The hats deposed to.)
Mr. Hall. I had them from the boy, these are the hats which the boy had to do before.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming through Tower-street, and I picked up the hats under the window, and I saw the boy coming after me; I did not know who they belonged to, and I threw them away: I am a stranger, not long over from America.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. Justice WILLES.
