





741. 
               
                  
                     NICHOLAS 
                     ROGERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of August
 last, a silver watch, value 15 s. a watch, with the inside case made of silver, and the outside case of silver, and gilt, value 15 s. another watch, the inside case metal, and the outside shagreen, value 15 s. and two outside watch cases,made of silver, value 16 s. the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Ihon
                     




                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   IHON
               



             sworn.
I live in Nightingale-lane, East Smithfield


; I am a publican
; I lost the things in he indictment, from my dwelling-house, on Friday the 21st of August; I saw them that day at five in the afternoon; they were all up one pair of stairs, in a small room, adjoing to a sleeping room; I never saw the prisoner before to my knowledge; about six, as near as I can guess, the prisoner, with two more in company, came into my house,; they walked through the passage into a back room; I followed them; one ordered a pint of beer; not the prisoner, I went into the bar; and a person, in half an hour, asked me if I had any company; and on his information I turned round with intent to run up stairs, and met the prisoner at the bottom coming down; he turned quick round to go into the room again, where the others were; I suspected him; and ran up and missed my watches; they were hanging on hooks, on a work board; I am a watch maker by trade; I came down again, and he was gone; I ran after him, and called stop thief; and he was stopped; I never lost sight of him after he got out of doors; I had him searched, and a watch was found on him, which is valued in the indictment at 15 s. and I found another watch on him, which I valued at 15 s. and another, value 5 s. which is an old watch out of a pair of cases; I also found two silver outside cases, value about ten shillings, I can say with certainly that they are mine.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. You seem to state very fairly, that they were old watches left with you for repair? - Yes.
A hundred years ago there would not fetch forty shillings? - I cannot say.


                  RICHARD
                   RUSHBY
               



             sworn.
I am a labouring man; I saw the prisoner go up stairs, in the prosecutor's house; I saw him come down; and I told the prosecutor; I saw the prisoner go out of the house, and I saw him taken.
CHARLES FOX sworn.
I saw the prisoner taken; and three watches and two watch cases were taken from him.


                  PETER
                   MAYNE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I produce the watches and cases, which I took out of the prisoner's pocket, and have kept them ever since.
(Deposed to.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.


                  GEORGE
                   MELLING
               



             sworn.
I knew the prisoner five or six years; he has been in London fourteen or fifteen weeks; he was in business in Ireland; I never knew any thing against him there.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
