






15. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     FUDGE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Baldwin
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of six in the evening, on the 27th of November
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, a cotton gown, value 15 s.
             his property.


                  JOHN
                   BALDWIN
               



             sworn.
I live in New Peter-street, Westminster


; I am a house-keeper; on the 27th of November, between five and six, I was down in the kitchen, and a young man knocked at the door, and told me that my parlour window was open; I opened the kitchen door that goes into the area, and told him that I was much obliged to him, and would come and fasten it; when I came into the kitchen again, my wife came up to fasten the parlour window, she called out to me, I immediately ran out of the door after the man; it was very dark, I could see nobody; then I returned again, and went into the parlour; there was a cotton gown missed; I found the things laying about the room, for there was the sheets and several things packed up, and I supposed ready to be carried away.
Did you ever find the cotton gown again? - In the course of the evening, in about an hour and an half afterwards, I went to the public-house to order some beer, and received information, and the next evening the prisoner was taken.
Mrs. BALDWIN sworn.
On the 27th of November I was in the kitchen with my husband, when the alarm was given, between five and six; in the afternoon I went in and pulled off this gown, and threw it down on the bed in the parlour; it was between two and three; I shut down the window, at the same time; the things were laying on the side of the chair, the other things were laid on the side of the bed; I missed nothing but my gown; I never saw the gown till the 10th of November, when I saw it in Fleet-market, at a pawnbroker's; I was informed it was there; I went there and found it.


                  WILLIAM
                   ASHTON
               



             sworn.
I produce this gown which I received from the pawnbroker's in Fleet-market, his name is Brooks, he is not here; I had the gown in consequence of Fleming's information, and I went to the pawnbroker for the gown.
(The gown deposed to.)
Mrs. Baldwin. It is my own making; I can swear to my work; the apron was not with it at the time, and here is a bit of the trimming; the gown was tucked round the bottom; and it is untucked; but here is the mark of the tuck on it now.


                  JOHN
                   DUNBAR
               



             sworn.
I live at the Victualler's Arms, at the Seven Dials; about a quarter after five, I saw Mr. Baldwin's window open; I was going past his house on the 27th of November, I knocked at the next house, seeing his window open; I saw the prisoner get out of the window between five and six; the prisoner is the person, I knew him perfectly well before, by going up and down the street with br; I know that that person that came out of the window, is the prisoner; I can take my oath safely on it; I attempted to take hold of him, but I could not hold him; I cried out, stop thief, but there was nobody there; he got off: I am sure it was the prisoner, I did not see any thing in his possession; as soon as the patrols came up, I gave information to them and the watchman; he was taken the next night, and taken before the magistrate.


                  JOSEPH
                   ELLIOTT
               



             sworn.
I am one of the patrols of St. John's, Westminster; I apprehended the prisoner on the 28th of November, the night after, at the Two Brewers, a public-house; he was sitting at the fire smoaking his pipe; I brought him to Mr. Davis's, where this boy lives; says I, Jack is this the person you saw get out of the window? he positively declared it was; I took him to the watch-house, and the next morning to the Justice.



                  ELIZABETH
                   BURT
               



             sworn.
Did you ever see that gown before? - This is the gown I bought of Mr. Fleming, I gave seven shillings and sixpence for it; I sent it to pawn to Mr. Brooks's.
It is not usual for people to buy articles of dress, and then pawn them immediately? - I wanted money, and I sent a shawl with it, that I have in my pocket; they lent me fourteen shillings upon them.


                  FRANCIS
                   FLEMING
               



             sworn.
I live in Dean-street, Westminster, I am a pawnbroker and salesman; I bought this gown of the prisoner at the bar, in company with another man; I am sure it was the prisoner.
What did you give him for it? - Four shillings and sixpence.
What; did you buy it out and out? - Yes, Sir, I bought it out and out.
What is the real value of it? - Eight shillings; it has only three breadths and a half in it; I happened to call on Mrs. Burt; she said she wanted such a thing as a dark cotton gown, I sold it for seven shillings and sixpence; I happened to see Mr. Addington a few days afterwards, and he mentioned the robbery; I told him I had bought one, and that I bought it of Henry Fudge for four shillings and sixpence, and who I had sold it to for seven shillings and sixpence; he brought the gown about seven in the evening, on the 27th of November.
Court to Prosecutor. What is the value of the gown? - Fifteen shillings.
So this witness purchased it for four shillings and sixpence, what cost fifteen shillings? - I do not think the gown ever cost fifteen shillings.
Prosecutor. It cost nineteen shillings.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never sold him any thing in my life, or ever knew him but when he lived with Mr. Wright; I have nothing to say, nor I have no witnesses.
Court. How do you get your living? - A boot and shoe-closer.
Court to Jury. You observe, when he came out of the window, the pot-boy knew him, and could see his countenance.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
