





440. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HESTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of May
 last, one silk handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Caleb 
                           Whitford
                        




                     
                  , privately from her person
            .


                  CALEB
                   WHITFORD
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday, the 19th of May last, I lost a silk handkerchief in High-street, St. Giles's
, I did not perceive it being taken from me at the time, it was taken privately; I have no reason to charge the prisoner on my own knowledge.
JOHN SEGOE sworn.
Between two and three in the afternoon, on Tuesday the 19th of May, I was in my own shop, in High-street, St. Giles's, and I saw the prosecutor pass my shop; I saw the prisoner and two others following him, and I suspected they had a design to rob him, and I went after them; the prisoner was close to the gentlemen; I ran in between him and the other man; he had picked his pocket, I cannot absolutely say I saw him take it; but he was the next person to the prosecutor; I pushed in and he threw down the handkerchief; I told the gentleman, and he said he had lost his handkerchief.
(Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prosecutor. It was marked at the time when I lost it, and it was marked at the office with a pen and ink.
Was it the same handkerchief that was produced to you by the witness Segoe, which was marked at the office? - Here is the office mark upon it.
PRISONER.
I have nothing to say, I have no witnesses.




               GUILTY, 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
