





683. 
               
                  
                     PIERPONT WALTER 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Adams
                        




                     
                  , no person being therein, about four in the afternoon, on the 28th of July
 last, and stealing therein, ten ounces of black silk, value 25 s. his property
            .
A second Count, stating that Elizabeth Clarke was in the house.
(The witnesses examined apart.)
THOMAS ADAMS sworn.
I live in Paved-alley, King-John-court


; I am a weaver
; on the 28th of July, I lost eight knots of black silk; it weighed ten ounces: I saw it about a quarter of an hour before; I went out about a quarter before two; it had no particular marks; I left it in a pan in the room; I am only a tenant to one 
               
                  William
                   Rider
               



            ; he does not live in the house; we are all lodgers; I left the doors fast when I went out, and a padlock; nobody was in my apartment; the other lock was not locked, nor broke; I looked at the pan when I came in, and found but twelve; my wife and me had been out together; we had only this one room; the prisoner lived in the house eight or nine months; and went away three or four days before; the value was twenty-five shillings.


                  ELIZABETH
                   ADAMS
               



             sworn.
I left twenty knots of silk in the pan, when I went out, and I found only twelve when I returned.


                  ELIZABETH
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I live in the room over Mr. Adams's chamber; the prisoner came up to my room twice on the 28th of July; and when he went down, I heard a rummaging on the stairs; I said, what are you doing? the people are not at home; he said he had the key; he went in; he was not in a great while; and I saw him drop a knot of silk; I said, you have been robbing the people; I said, take it up stairs, and put it where you found it; and I saw him fling it into the pan; he said he had no more; I did not search him; then he locked the door, and went about his business; he said he had locked it; I did not try.


                  WILLIAM
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
Confirmed the last witness; and saw the prisoner in the prosecutor's room.



                  JOHN
                   ARMSMRONG
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner, and these keys, he said his sister gave him; they were given me in the presence of the prisoner; I did not find them upon him; this key undoes the stock lock, and this, the padlock.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went there, to the prosecutor's, to ask him to spend a penny; and he was not at home; his door was locked; I know nothing of it.




               GUILTY, 1 s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
