





742. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HOLLOWAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of August
 last, 100 lb. weight of lead, value 5 s. belonging to the most noble 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Brydges
                        




                     
                  , duke of Chandos
, affixed to a certain building of his, against the form of the statute
            .
(The Case opened by Mr. Silvester.)


                  JOHN
                   PEARCE
               



             sworn.
I live at Hampstead; I work for Mr. Eyles; he keeps a publick house; on the 3d of August last, about six in the morning, I observed two men coming along, one with a load, the other with a handkerchief; my master was there; we spoke to them; they threw down the things and ran away; the prisoner threw down the bag, and ran away; I pursued, and took him; the leadwas in the bag, and an iron chissel; I gave the bag to my master; I know the bag; the lead and the bag were given the same day, to Mr. Keen the constable; I am sure the prisoner is the man; he never was out of my sight.


                  DANIEL
                   KEEN
               



             sworn.
I am constable of Hampstead, which is eight miles from Stanmore church; Mr. Eyles gave me this lead; it laid in his house; he resigned it to me, Mr. Fitch and Mr. Preston; I took it out of the bag, and counted the pieces; and gave it to Mr. Fitch; I saw no lead when I took charge of the prisoner, which was in the morning; but I saw the lead and the prisoner, before the Justice; Mr. Eyles took the lead to his own house; I am sure this is the same lead that was before the Justice; I put my mark on it; I compared it with Mr. Preston.
(Deposed to.)
- PRESTON sworn.
I compared the lead with the duke's mausoleum; I compared it with the hips; every part matched; there were ten pieces; it is cut off like a tally; I have no doubt but it came from that mausoleum; it was quite fresh cut; the mausoleum is built against the church.
- FITCH sworn.
I am agent to the duke; the lead belonged to him; I paid for this very lead being put up; the duke and his family always kept it up.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along the road, and this other man was sitting by the lead; and he asked me to carry it to Kentish-town, and he would pay me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
