





53. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WRIGHT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of December
, two pewter quart pots, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sherrard 
                     Hart
                  




               
            .


                  SHERRARD
                   HART
               



             sworn.
I kept the King's Arms, in Woodstock-street, Mary-le-bone




; I was sent for last Wednesday morning, the 13th of December, to the office in Poland-street, to look at some pots; I found these two quart pots which were my property, in charge of the constable; they are mine; I do not know when they were lost.


                  JAMES
                   HAYLOCK
               



             sworn.
This prisoner was brought in custody, and searching him, I found these two pots; I saw his pocket bulky.


                  SAMUEL
                   MALTUS
               



             sworn.
I keep the Ship in Ogle-street; these last people were taken to the office in Poland-street; I was going down and met this prisoner in Titchfield-street; I knew him; he had something rolled in his apron; I told him he should go down with me to Poland-street; I took him down by the collar all the way; I did not search him; I took him into the public office, and Haylock searched him, and I saw him take these two pots out of his pocket; when I saw the pots taken out, I went to Mr. Hart's and to Mr. Leach.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Gentlemen of the Jury, on the morning that this gentleman took hold of me, I had been to a man that employs me; and coming over some waste ground I found these three quart pots, two were standing up and one laying down; I put one in one pocket, and the other in the other, and the third in my apron, and should have carried them home but I could not read.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character.
Prosecutor. We serve beer all about that place where the prisoner says he found the pots.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
