





703. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MARTIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of July
, one muslin shawl, value 2 s. and three muslin half shawls, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Francis
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   FRANCIS
               



             sworn.
I live in Windmill-street, Tottenham-court-road


; I am a hosier
 and haberdasher
; I was not at home; on my return, I met the prisoner in custody of 
               
                  Henry
                   Croker
               



            ; and at the watch-house, I examined three half shawls and a whole one, which were my property.
Mrs. FRANCIS sworn.
On the 30th of July, about three, the prisoner and another woman came into our shop to look at some shawls; and none would do; and another woman came in; and they began pulling them about; I had nobody in the shop, but a young infant in the cradle; I know all the shawls; they went out, and bought nothing; and I directly missed one half buff coloured shawl, which the prisoner had looked at in the shop; and was laid down again with several others; I ran after them down the street; and 
               
                  Hannah
                   Boswell
               



             ran after them; and the prisoner was taken by Croker the constable; I saw her searched, but nothing was found.


                  CHARLES
                   STOKES
               



             sworn.
I saw this prisoner run into a house, No. 19, in Colwell-court, and come out in a moment; she said to the people, I have robbed nobody; and I followed her to John-street; and there, by the brew-house, I saw her drop this buff coloured shawl; and I delivered it to Croker the con- and marked it at the watch-house.


                  EDWARD
                   JERDON
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 19, in Caldwell-court; and I was sitting at work; I saw the prisoner come in, and throw down these three shawls, at the time Mr. Stokes has just spoke of; I gave them to Croker.


                  HANNAH
                   BOSWELL
               



             sworn.
Deposed to the running after her; and 
               
                  Henry
                   Croker
               



            , the constable, came up and took the prisoner into custody.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was walking along; I heard the cry of stop thief, and there were three girls running; they dropt these shawls, and theytook me instead of one of them; I am seventeen the 10th of next June; my friends are in the country.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
