





482. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of June
, one black cloth coat, value 2 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Ruffell
                        



                     
                  ; one pewter pint pot, value 10 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Strouts
                        



                     
                  ; one other pint pot, value 10 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Adam 
                           Rigg
                        



                     
                  ; and another pint pot, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bond
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   RUFFELL
               



             sworn.
The prisoner stole my coat, I was out on my business as a ticket porter
.


                  THOMAS
                   STROUT
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came into my house about one at noon, the Three Crowns, Dowgate-hill, he had one pint of beer, it was on the 11th of June, he was going out at the door, I stopped him at the door seeing him with something under his coat tucked up behind it; I asked him what it was, he said nothing; I put my hand under his coat, and found the last witness's coat, he plies at our house, and left his coat there; I found a pint pot belonging to Mr. Bishop, and there was one pot found belonging to me, he said he did not mean to carry them away; but he was going out when I stopt him, he had not got over the threshold.
(The coat and pot produced and deposed to.)
Court. We cannot receive any evidence of the other pots under this indictment, they are distinct felonies at different times.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I came into the public house in liquor and fell asleep, and somebody laid the coat over me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
