





531. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ANDREWS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Webley
                        



                     
                   about one in the afternoon, on the 4th day of July
 last, no person being therein, and feloniously stealing therein two linen gowns, value 20 s. one scarlet cloth cardinal, value 20 s. one linen frock, value 6 s. one linen handkerchief, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        Samuel
                         Webley
                     



                  , and two linen aprons, value 5 s. and two handkerchiefs, value 6 s. and one pair of linen pockets, value 3 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Cox
                        



                     
                  , widow
, in the said dwelling house
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   WEBLEY
               



             sworn.
I live at Hounslow, my husband is a day-labourer and gets eight shillings a week, and I get my bread by daily labour, when I returned home at one o'clock, I found the house broke open, the window frame was laid in the yard, and the door unbarred and unbolted, I left my house about six in the morning, the windows and doors were then fastened, no person was therein, me, my husband, and 
               
                  Mary
                   Cox
               



            , live in it, I went up stairs and found the things were gone, the prisoner was brought into the house about half an hour after, I am sure she is the person.
(The things deposed to.)
Court. What do you think your things may be worth? - They cost me a good deal of money, but you may set them at what you please, I am sure my window was barred and bolted.


                  Mary
                   Cox
               



             deposed to the same effect.


                  Thomas
                   Brown
               



             and 
               
                  James
                   Townsend
               



             deposed that they were at work, and hearing the cry of Stop thief! they went and found the prisoner by the side of a gravel pit, with a bundle in her hand, and her apron over it, a man having told them she was gone that way.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along the road, and being very much tired I sat down to rest me by the side of the road, and a woman that was in the gravel pit got up and went away, I called out to her, and said, you have left something, she said, never mind, I shall be back in a few minutes; I stopped there the value of three hours, and she not returning, I went and took up the bundle, and they came and took me; the prosecutrix said, she could get forty pounds for me.
Prosecutrix. I wish I may never go out of this place alive, if ever I said any such word.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
