






63. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     BUNTING
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GALLANT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of December
, two pair of linen sheets, value 30 s. two pair of linen pillow-biers, value 3 s. a cotton sopha cover, value 10 s. two table cloths, value 8 s. a large table spoon, value 12 s. two silver tea spoons, value 2 s. and one pair of silver tea-tongs, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Underhill
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   UNDERHILL
               



             sworn.
The woman at the bar came to take my lodging, for her master and mistress, a gentleman and lady, and an interpreter; I did not know her before; she came the 2d of this month; they are foreign people; the interpreter is the man prisoner: she said they were at the French hotel, Jermyn-street; and the day before she came to make the fires, and air the rooms; and the lady and the interpreter came the Wednesday evening after; the woman prisoner ordered in coals; I went up stairs with them, and gave them an inventory of the linen and plate; they were only four days with us; on Sunday evening the lady and the interpreter went away; on Monday morning the servant came to me, about nine in the morning, and said, did you hear my master or mistress go out last night? I said no; she said, God bless! they have not been in bed to night; I went up, and there were no sheets on the bed; I looked about when I opened the door, and found the key of the drawers, which was locked, and all my property, that I delivered, was gone; I stopt the servant maid, and sent for a constable; and before the Justice she told me where the interpreter was, and he was taken also; the interpreter and the woman servant, confessed without promise of favour.
Mr. Akerman. The man prisoner says he can speak a little English, but cannot properly pronounce it so as to be understood.
Jury. Is the prisoner the same man who called himself the interpreter? - Yes, he is.
Court. In what way did he talk English, when he spoke to you? - Very well.

To the woman prisoner. Can he talk English? - Yes; very well.
- SHAW, ESQ. sworn, (as interpreter.)
Court to prisoner. You went to the house of the prosecutrix with the prisoner, and you and the lady went away on the Sunday evening? - Yes, the lady did; I did not go with her.
Then she says, she missed several things on the Monday morning out of the house; and that you was afterwards taken up by her? - Yes.
Will you ask the prosecutrix any questions? - No.


                  THOMAS
                   DALTON
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Litchfield-street; I took the man prisoner into custody; the woman told me two or three places where she thought it most likely I should meet with him; first to the French coffee-house, in Jermyn-street; she said she was chair-woman, and called out to hire a lodging; they denied knowing any thing of either of them; she was with me coming from here to Litchfield-street; she mentioned a French hair-dresser's in Peter-street, where we took him in custody; I left him with my brother-officer; the woman called me aside, and told me, as we had found him, we should know where the things were; we made her no promise; I took her down stairs to a place below, and wrote down several things, where they were at the different pawn-broker's; he would not speak English till I put him into the watch-house, and then he spoke it as clear almost as I can; I took the woman with me after I put him in the watch-house, to the different pawn-broker's where she led me, where I found the things which are in court; I took her back to the watch-house, and afterwards took them to Litchfield-street, where the magistrate ordered they should be kept till the morning, in order to find out the other woman; there was a constable belonging to the office that could speak French; and the prisoner then pretended he could not speak French; I went to the pawn-broker's by his directions, and I could not find the tea-tongs and spoon; but on Tuesday morning, the 3d, I took him out with me, and he went to a pawn-broker's, where we did find them; on the same Tuesday morning, we took the prisoner before the magistrates, and the things were sworn to; I searched both the prisoners, and found some duplicates which do not relate to this business.


                  JEREMIAH
                   MILES
               



             sworn.
I am a pawn-broker: on the 28th, the prisoner, Bunting, brought to me these pair of tongs and a table-spoon, for 12 s. 6 d.
(Deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
JOHN BROWN sworn.
On the 28th November, the woman prisoner brought these things to pledge with me; two pair of sheets, a sopha-cover, two silver tea spoons, and a table-cloth.
(Deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
The prisoner said she brought them for a Mrs. Wilmot.


                  JOHN
                   CARTER
               



             sworn.
I lent the man-prisoner 1 s. on this small table-cloth; he asked for it in English; some of these things were brought by both the prisoners; they came and took some things out that were pawned about two or three days before; I do not know which of them pawned them.
- WATSON sworn.
I am a constable; I took charge of Gallant, the woman.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The lady asked me to carry some things, I did, and afterwards I refused her, with that she sent this man with them, and he pawned them; I always gave my Mistress the money.
Court to prosecutrix. What name did the lady go by? - She gave me the name ofChessup; they went by a number of names.
Court to Miles. In what name was the spoon and tongs pawned? - In the name of Marswick; he then spoke English so as to be understood; he told me they were his own property.
PRISONER BUNTING's DEFENCE.
I received the spoons and the tongs from the lady; I lived with her as a servant; her name was Chessup; I always gave her the money.
To Prosecutrix. Did you ever hear that this lady went by the name of Marswick? - No.
The prisoner, Bunting, called one witness to his character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
