





560. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS GODFREY 
                     ROWLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling of 
                     
                        
                           Jonathan 
                           Crowther
                        




                     
                  , on the 27th of June
 last, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing therein, one piece of gold, called an half guinea, value 10 s. 6 d. and 144 copper halfpence, value 6 s. and 31 s. and 6 d. in silver, his property
            .


                  JONATHAN
                   CROWTHER
               



             sworn.
I live at the Bull's-head, Wood-street, Cheapside


: on the 27th of June, my house was broke open; the prisoner at the bar was a servant of mine about two years ago; he lived with me about twelve months; in the yard backwards there is a casement, and some panes of glass was taken out, to unbuckle the casement; I found the window open about half after seven, on the Thursday morning; the house was all shut up and fastened at half past twelve on Wednesday night; I am positive it was all secure; and the watchman sits at my door; the door of the yard between the wash-house, was fresh puttied, and the putty being soft, it was scraped clean off, and the glass taken out, and laid in the wash-house; when the glass was out, he put his hand through, and opened the door of the house; I found the till in the bar broke open; there is a door belonging to the kitchen and tap-room to the bar; he broke the till open by force, by his own confession; there was a guinea's worth of silver in the till, in a bag, and five shillings in silver in the same till in another division, and two shillings worth of half-pence, that was all that I missed in my till; I locked up these things myself; I can speak with certainty that these things were left in my till over night; from thence he went up stairs, picked and opened two locks of the two top drawers in the bureau; I frequently lodge cash there for payments, but there was none then; half a guinea in silver, and nine shillings in silver, that I can recollect, that I cannot ascertain; the half crown piece,and crown piece I put by as curious pieces; there were four guineas belonging to a man in the country, and I cannot find them; the drawer in the same bureau was full of halfpence; to the best of my knowledge I missed about twenty-four shillings; they were half of them bad; the things that have been found, which are in the custody of the constable, are to the best of my recollection five or six shillings in half-pence; the next day, about half past twelve, I took him, with my servant in Silver-street, Wood-street; having a person with me, I made the prisoner put the money he had on the table in the club-room till I got a constable; three shillings of the money I know very well, there were marks the over night, which I can swear to; I took the prisoner before Mr. Alderman Boydell, and I was bound over to prosecute. The only things I can identify are there these three shillings.


                  EDWARD
                   PALMER
               



             sworn.
I am a wire-worker; on the 28th of June, in the morning, about eleven, I was at the Fountain in Addle-street; that is very near the prosecutor's house; presently the prisoner came in to the same room where I was; says I, Tom! why you are finely rigged! where did you get this rigging? says he, I have been over to the fellow that gave me these; says I, did they give you any more? yes, says he, he gave me five; which I understood to be five guineas; he went out, and I heard the prosecutor was asking for 
               
                  Thomas
                   Rowley
               



            , I told him he was gone; we found the prisoner in a shop; the prosecutor says to the prisoner, ha! Tom! I want to speak with you; and he went home with him very peaceably; he told him to go up stairs in the club-room; at the top of the stairs he made a stand; says the prosecutor, I dare say you know how to open the door; the prosecutor said, I have been robbed, and I think you are the man that has done it, therefore pull out your money and lay it down; and he pulled out some copper, to the amount of eleven shillings in halfpence and farthings; the prosecutor asked him if he had any more; he said he had not; I said, Tom, you shewed me some silver just now; then after some time he pulled out this purse, there was five shillings and two sixpences in it; the prosecutor took up one or two of the shillings; says he, here is one or two I can swear to; one in particular he said he knew, he refused it the night before, and he shewed me a particular mark he had put upon it the night before; he asked him what become of the purse; he said he had burnt it.
Had he been offered any favour or threat? - Not to the best of my knowledge; says I, Tom, you had better give back the money and things you have, it will be the better for you; he told us by what means he had got into the prosecutor's house; he was taken before the Alderman and committed; I saw the constable take the shillings and things into his custody.
- PHILLIPS sworn.
On the 28th of June I dined at the prosecutor's; he desired I would step up with the prisoner and Palmer while he eat his dinner; during the time I was with him, he confessed the fact, that he had taken above ten shillings worth of halfpence.
Had not you or the prosecutor told him it would be better for him? - He voluntarily confessed the fact; nobody offered him threat or favour to my knowledge; he confessed nothing more to me.
Did he say any thing about the things that were on the table? - He confessed he had taken ten shillings worth of halfpence more than were on the table; those were the words; I saw the silver on the table, and I saw the prosecutor mark the silver; I believe he marked three shillings; I attended the prisoner to the sitting Alderman, and from thence the compter.
The CONSTABLE sworn.
On the 28th of June I went up to the club-room, and took charge of the prisoner; there was about eleven shillings worth of halfpence, good and bad, andfive shillings and two six-pences in silver. I have had the things ever since.




               GUILTY. Of stealing to the value of thirty-nine shillings, but not guilty of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
