





197. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILBO
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Edwards
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of five in the night, on the 6th of January
, and burglariously stealing therein, four waistcoats, value 10 s. 6 d. his property
            .


                  JOHN
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
I keep a sale shop
 in Barbican, No. 22
; on Saturday last, between five and six I put my window to rights, and I put four waistcoats in the farther compass pane; and the window at that time was whole; from thence I went to the other side of the shop to set the other window to rights; I had not been there above three or four minutes before 
               
                  John
                   Newman
               



            , our patrol, brought in a man, and said he was a thief: I immediately asked him what was the matter; I had not heard or seen any thing; the patrol laid down a white waistcoat; I looked at it, and turned up the pocket flap, says I, this is mine: I immediately ran to the window where I had put them, and the window was broke, and the waistcoats were gone; the window was safe when I put them in, and in about five or six minutes the prisoner was brought in with the waistcoat.
How much of the window was broke? - The window had been broke several times and the piece was fastened in with lead; I heard no noise, and there was no noise in the street; the street was as quiet as the Court is now; I only found that one waistcoat; I am sure it is mine; it was one of these four that were in the window; there is my mark upon it; the prisoner is the man that Newman brought in; he has been in custody ever since.


                  JOHN
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
On Saturday last, about half past five, just as I came to the corner of Barbican, I saw the prisoner and another coming running by me very quick; they crossed over to Redcross-street; I then turned back again, and went down Redcross-street, and they ran down Redcross-street about twenty yards, and crossed over the way to the alley, called Paul's-alley, and the other got to the corner of the highway; I pursued this prisoner up the alley, and the other ran away directly, and never went up the alley; I overtook the prisoner in the alley; he appeared to have something under his jacket; he had a jacket on; I asked him what he had got; and as I laid hold of him this fell from the side of him directly.
Did you see it fall from him? - No, I did not; it was down between him and me in a minute.
Had it been there before? - No, I am positive sure it was not there before: it was dirty, and fell down between his shoes and mine; it is a waistcoat.
Can you undertake to say with certainty that that fell from him? - I cannot say any further than as we were both together this lay between us, and I observed something under his jacket when I caught him by the collar; there was nobody else in the alley as I could see.

When you first saw these two lads how near were they to the prosecutor's shop? - About six or seven doors; about twenty four or twenty-five yards.
You saw nothing of them before what you have mentioned? - Nothing else; I searched the prisoner, nothing else was found upon him.
No keys nor any thing of that sort? - No.
Any knife? - No.
Any chissel? - No.
No instrument found upon him with which he could have taken out this piece of glass? - No.
What o'clock was it? - Half past five.
Was daylight entirely gone? - Yes.
Prisoner. I have no further to say, than this: on Saturday evening, I came from the house where I lived, I was going to the Nag's-head, in Aldersgate-street, to call for some money, and running to make the best of my way there, this gentleman laid hold of my collar; says he, what have you there? I said, nothing my good man; my waistcoat flew open as he laid hold of me; I had a white waistcoat under my red one.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY, But not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
