





168. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ARNOLD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th day of January
, twenty-three pair of cotton stockings, value 23 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Niving
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   NIVING
               



             sworn.
My husband's name is Alexander, I live at Hampstead


, we lost twenty-three pair of stockings yesterday about eleven o'clock, I missed the stockings out of the garden, they were hanging to dry, I did not see any body but the prisoner, and I pursued him myself, I did not think he had them, I saw them not; about three minutes before I saw the prisoner first, about ten yards from my premises, he was walking as if from my garden very quick, I followed him and called stop thief, he was stopped and brought back by 
               
                  John
                   Edwards
               



            , without the stockings.


                  JOHN
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
A man stopped the prisoner with a shovel before me, but I saw him throw the bundle down and drop it, and they were in this cloth, he was a few yards off, I run immediately, I did not pick up the bundle, one Mr. Metcalf picked them up, I took them, I have had them in my possession ever since, he never was out of my sight after he dropped the stockings, I had him by the collar all the while, the prisoner made no answer.
(The stockings deposed to by the prosecutor, 
               
                  Mary
                   Smith
               



             and another, servants to the owners.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming through the town of Hampstead, and I picked up a bundle in a brown cloth, I carried it the course of twenty yards, the woman run out after me and cried stop thief, I stood staring! I never heard the cry of stop thief before, and they took me; I have many friends in the country, I have been out of the country about three weeks.
Court to Prosecutrix. Where is your garden? - Near my house on Hampstead Heath, it opens into the high road, and goes strait down into the town, there is a road between the house and garden.
How is your garden fenced off from the bye road? - It is a wooden pale.
How far was he from the pale when you first saw him? - Not above ten yards.
Court to Prisoner. Where did you come from? - From Winchester, I lived with one Mr. Dalton, at the White Hart.


                  JOHN
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I am this instant come into Court, I live at Winchester, I am deputy keeper of Winchester gaol; I know the prisoner perfectly well; when I first knew him he was a hostler at an inn, and since that he has lived at the White Hart in Winchester, I am astonished to see the man, I saw him there two or three weeks ago; the man always bore a very honest character, I never heard the least against him.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            :
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
