





753. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HENNING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th day of June
 last, forty pounds weight of sugar, value 10 s. and one ladle, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hawes
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   HAWES
               



             sworn.
The prisoner at the bar was my servant
; on Sunday the 6th of June, I was gone to bed; it was about eleven, I heard the bell ring; I looked out of window, and asked who was there, and the prisoner said it was him; I told him to call the next morning, and I would talk to him, for he should not come in that night; about half after twelve, my bell rung again, and I looked out of window, and the watchman desired me to come down; and then I saw the prisoner with a lump and a half of sugar.
How do you know it was yours? - By the mark and number, that were upon it; I asked him how he came by it, he said he kicked his foot against it in the street.
What became of the sugar after? - It was taken to the watch-house.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel. I am desired to ask you Sir, whether it had not occurred to you before this to have some conversation with the prisoner, about an intercourse between some of your servants, male and female? - No.
Have you a nephew? - Yes; the prisoner said to me there were such things going on in my house, that he thought it was a shame.
Do you recollect whether he descended rather more to particulars, and described that there were intercourses between the men and the maids, that were not very fit? - He said there were.

Do you recollect his adding to it, that he was reluctant to state to you who the parties were, because he knew the men would be revenged of him on some occasion? - He did.
I put all these questions to you with all the expectation that your answers warrant? - You shall have an answer.
Did you take any steps to enquire about it? - I did not, because I did not believe it; I rather think since, he said so to cloak his design.
Court. That is your suspicion, Mr. Hawes; we take the substantive facts: In what way was this sugar kept; was it in your mill; and if so, how was that mill guarded from the street? - It is in a room over the mill; far from the street; the prisoner said, he stumbled over the sugar, and was going to take care of it for me; but he was taking it a different way; there is no way of getting at the room where those sugars were kept but by coming over the gate; I have two dogs and no man upon earth dare venture but one of the family, and any of them may come at any time; it is not very difficult to get over the gates, except the dogs; the doors were locked over night, but every man knows where to find the keys.
Then any of your men, if they had been so disposed, could have got into those rooms? - They could; a ladder was set to go into my hay-loft over the stable; whoever took the sugar must have gone out of the window through the hay-loft.


                  JOHN
                   LEE
               



             sworn.
I heard Mr. Hawes at the back gate; I came to the place where the noise was, and I saw a man at a distance moving on slowly with something on his back; he did not let me come up to him till the patrol stopped him; while I was ringing at the prosecutor's bell, the prisoner threw a piece of sugar out of his pocket; he pulled another piece out of his pocket; and threw down; then I searched him and found the lumps in his pocket.


                  PETER
                   WILLETT
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol; about a quarter after twelve, I heard a great noise, and saw the prisoner coming round the corner of Swan-street; I stopped him; he had the bag on his shoulder, and a ladder; I said, what have you here? he said, nothing; he asked me to drink, and he wanted to shuffle by me.


                  John
                   Hawkins
               



             the watchman, assisted to take him.
(The sugar produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I came home at eleven to my master's house, and rang at the gate; he answered me himself from the inside; I went to the door of his dwelling-house, thinking he might let me in; I waited there a quarter of an hour, and then I went to a public house, called for a pint of beer, paid for it, and drank it; I said, some of the men may be locked out as well as me, and I went again to the house, and spied this sack laying down; I took hold of it, and the ladder fell, and I took it up and went down Swan-street; I was going home to my wife, and the patrol took me; some of his men had thrown this out, and they were all Germans.
Mr. Garrow, to Prosecutor. How long had this man worked with you? - Fourteen months; I thought him an honest man.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
