





546. 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     GALLOWAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d day of September
, two black silk cloaks, value 6 s
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Lucy 
                     Andrews
                  




               
            .


                  LUCY
                   ANDREWS
               



             sworn.
I know nothing, but that the cloaks are my property.
JOHN FOX sworn.
I am sixteen years of age, and servant to the prosecutrix; the prisoner came into my mistress's house, which is a public-house, to go backwards; I was washing my pots at the door, and my mistress called me to desire my young mistress to come down stairs; I opened the stair-case door and heard somebody say softly, damn the boy, what a noise he makes; I then went into the kitchen which is level with the tap-room, and I saw the prisoner with some thing black under his coat; he ran out directly, I ran after him down Giltspur-street; he then went into Angel-court, and I ran round Green-arbour-court to meet him, and he ran back again down Snow-hill, and I followed him; he stopt in Bull-head-court and was looking at the cloaks, and I took them out of his hand, and a man assisted me, and we brought him back; he said he was in liquor, and he did not know what he was about, but he did not appear to be so to me; the constable was sent for, and the cloaks delivered to him.
Mr. Keys, prisoner's counsel. This man was much in liquor, was not he? - No.
You never knew his person before you met him in Bull-head-court? - Yes, I did.
Did he come any part of the way with you yourself? - No, the man was close by the court, and he assisted me.


                  GEORGE
                   WILLIS
               



             sworn.
I heard the boy cry stop thief near Angel-court; I followed with the boy; the prisoner was some of the time out of my sight; I overtook him in Bull-head-court, and he was brought back.
Mr. Keys. He came quietly? - Yes.
- CROSLEY sworn.
I am a constable, the cloaks were delivered to me.
(Produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of the matter.

For the Prisoner.


                  SAMUEL
                   HATTON
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner twelve years; I kept the One Tun, he was my waiter; I have trusted him often he always bore a good character.
- BUCKLEY sworn.
I have known the prisoner six years; he bore a good character.
EDWARD M'CARTY sworn.
I have known the prisoner ten years; he always bore a good character; when I heard it, I was as much surprised as if it had been the parson of the parish.
There were three other witnesses who gave the prisoner a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
