





196. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     DUNN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Robinson
                        



                     
                  , on the first of January
, between seven and eight in the forenoon, the said John, and others of his family, in the said dwelling-house then being, and feloniously stealing therein, one cotton gown, value 20 s. a black silk cloak, value 7 s. a cloth apron, value 12 d. a child's frock, value 6 d. a coat, value 6 d. a blanket, value 4 s. two bed quilts, value 5 s. two sheets, value 4 s. one pair of lace robins, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Figgess
                        



                     
                  , widow

.


                  ANN
                   FIGGESS
               



             sworn.
On the 1st of January, between seven eight, I went into the kitchen of Mr. Robinson; I wanted wood to light my fire, and I went out, I left the door upon the latch; I was not gone above five minutes; when I returned, I found the street door open; I heard something rustle; I asked who was there; the prisoner came up the kitchen stairs, and said, I want you madam to go to Castle-street directly; I said I knew nobody there, and I seized the prisoner, and he tore my apron and handkerchief; I shut the street door with my foot, and called Mr. Robinson; he came in his shirt, and I found I had lost the things mentioned in the indictment; at the top of the stairs, I found a large bag full with my things in it; he said he came to look for a washerwoman; he said he was a bricklayer's labourer
; he told us where he lived, and his wife said he dealt in old clothes.
Mr. Keys, Prisoner's Counsel. You was gone five minutes? - Yes.
When you came back, you found the street door wide open? - Yes.
This is a house of lodgers? - Yes, there was nobody up but me.
That is more than you know; how many people had been out of the house after you went out you cannot tell? - No, I cannot say.
You found nothing upon this man at all? - No; when he came up the stairs past the bag where I found it, his feet must touch the bag.
Court. Whereabouts did you first see him? - Coming up my stairs.
Whereabouts was the bag then? - Upon the top stairs; I saw the prisoner coming up; I did not see the bag at all,till he was come up stairs, and I went down; the bag was on the top stairs but one.
Could it lay there before he came up without your seeing it? - Yes.
Had he the bag when you saw him? - I do not know, I saw nothing in his hand.
Could he put the bag on the top of the stairs after you saw him? - No, he was lower down when I first saw him than the bag.


                  JOHN
                   ROBINSON
               



             sworn.
On Monday, the 1st of January, about five minutes before eight; I was not up, but I was awake; I heard Mrs. Figgess, my lodger, unlock her kitchen door, and come up stairs; she went along the passage, and opened the street door, and went out; she shut it after her in a minute; somebody came and opened the street door, and went softly down stairs, I concluded it was her, and I wondered she should go down so softly; I heard nobody speak, nor any thing afterwards, till Mrs. Figgess came back, and came into the passage, and she called out who is there? nobody answered; at last, I heard her say, who do you want? what business have you to go down into my place? I heard somebody say, you must go down into Castle-street; she said she knew nobody there; she said he had been robbing her; I heard a bustle in the passage; she immediately called out, three or four times, Mr. Robinson! I jumped out of bed and opened my door, and went into the passage, and I saw the prisoner and her struggling against the street door, and the street door was shut; I then went and laid hold of the prisoner, and brought him into my place; we searched him, but found nothing; she went down, and came up again, and said she was robbed; she then went back and fetched in the bag; I took the prisoner into my room; I did not see where the bag lay; I live in the parlour; I took him to the round-house; he wished me to go to his wife, to let her know; he said he lived in Tennis-court, Middle-row, Holborn, No. 1. I asked his wife if Mr. Dunn was within, she said no; he told me his name was Dunn at the Justice's; he said he never saw the bag, but that his wife sent him after a washerwoman.
Mr. Keys. He gave you a true account of his name, and where he lived? - He did.


                  JOHN
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
I am round-house keeper of St. Giles's; I took charge of the prisoner; I searched him, and found nothing upon him but these two keys.
(The keys produced)
(The things produced, and deposed to by Mrs. Figgess.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My wife goes out to wash, and takes in washing, and she was to go to wash in Castle-street, No. 3, and the child was taken very ill, and not expected to live; she could not go out, and she sent me, and I met a woman that I knew, and she said she did not know such a woman; as we were talking together, a man came out of this door and she says, ask that man; he said yes, she lives in the kitchen backwards; he left the door wide open; I went in as far as the passage, I called at the top of the stairs, and asked if any one was below, nobody answered; I turned back, and this woman was standing at the door; says I, you are wanted, my wife wants you; she fell a searching me, I had nothing in my pocket but a handkerchief; she took it out.


                  MARY
                   ANN LUKE
               



             sworn.
I live in little Greenwich-court, in Aldersgate-street; I go out a washing and chairing.
Do you remember seeing 
               
                  Michael
                   Dunn
               



             on the 1st of January last? - Yes, I do; I had not seen him before for sometime; it was as nigh as I can guess eight o'clock; he asked me, if I knew a washer-woman that lived there; it was in Plumbtree-street; I lived up there formerly; as we were talking, a man came out of this house, and I said, you had better ask that man; and I parted with him; I saw him speak to the man; in abouta minute after, I saw a woman go in; I do not know what conversation passed between them.
What house was this? - It was a house in Plumbtree-street, but I cannot justly tell the door; I do not know what became of Dunn after, till I heard he was in custody; I have known him upwards of a twelvemonth; I never heard any thing but he was an honest man; he was a gentleman's servant when he was in Ireland; he gets his living by being a bricklayer's labourer; his wife winds off silk, and takes in a little washing; he asked me if I could tell him of a washer-woman that lived nigh there; he mentioned no name to me.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
