





408. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WALTON
                  , alias 
WALKDEN




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 18th day of April
, ten wash-balls, value 2 s. two pots of pomatum, value 5 d. one lady's toupee, value 5 s. two leather powder bags, value 8 d. one square piece of persumed soap, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hall
               




            .



                  DAVID
                   JORDAN
               



             sworn.
I saw a man stand, the door was open, and a glass sash that was on the inside to inclose the goods, was open; a few minutes before, I said, Sir, do you want any body? he said no; I asked him again, have you seen Mr. Hall? he said he had, he was going out of the door, and I saw something white in his hand; I desired him to walk in, and let me call Mr. Hall, and he dropped the things in the shop, leather bags and hair, what they call them I do not know, the prisoner is the man.
Are you sure? - Yes, I am quite sure, I saw him a good while, I did not pick them up nor touch them, somebody else picked them up, I secured him, he was never out of my sight more that a foot, I told him I would blow his brains out, and he dropped the things.


                  JOHN
                   BROWNING
               



             sworn.
About eight on Wednesday evening, I called at the prosecutor's house; I had been about two minutes in the parlour, I heard a noise knocking and calling in the shop; when I came into the shop, the witness Jordan was charging the prisoner with a theft of leather bags, and a bundle of hair; the prisoner took a soap-ball out of his pocket, he said he had but that one, but he pulled several more out.
Prosecutor. This is my soap, I have every reason to believe it was in the shop, the glasses where my perfumery was were moved from their places.
Prisoner. They were laying at the door, and I took them up.



               GUILTY
            ,




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
