





715. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     REGER
                   otherwise 
RACHER




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th day of May
 last, 90 lb. weight of lead, value 10 s. belonging to the 
                     Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London


                  , then and there affixed to a certain dwelling house of 
                     
                        William
                         Moorish
                     



                  , against the statute
            .
(The Case was opened by Mr. James.)


                  RICHARD
                   LONGFORD
               



             sworn.
I live in Hart-row-street, some call it Newgate-street


; between three and four on Whit Tuesday, the 17th of May in the morning, I heard a great noise on the top of my daughter's house, I lay there, my daughter lived in the house, her name is 
               
                  Alice
                   Moorish
               



            , the wife of 
               
                  William
                   Moorish
               



             , he keeps this house, it is let to him by lease: and I called up a young man named Jenkinson, he jumped out of bed directly, and ran up stairs, I did not go with him, but I dressed myself as fast as I could, and I went and called the constable out of Cock-lane: I believe the prisoner is a cooper: the constable came, and we went into the prisoner's house, and I observed a bag and a barrow: the prisoner opened the door, and the bag was within the door, and there was such lead as is on houses cut in different pieces, by the bag there was a great deal more of lead lay that was cut to pieces, which was behind a shutter or board in the shop, and there was an adze; I told the prisoner he had been to the top of the house, and I do not know what answer he gave to the constable, he seemed quite confounded.
Court. The lead you say was cut in pieces? - Yes.
What, in regular pieces? - I cannot say, I went up to see what lead was missing, I think there was a matter of a hundred weight of it taken that morning more than we missed before.
Prisoner. Pray, Sir, did you see my face when I was upon the lead? - I did not see your face taking any away.


                  WILLIAM
                   JENKINSON
               



             sworn.
I was at Mr. Moorish's house the 17th of May, I was called up between three and five, by Mr. Longford, I ran up stairs in my shirt , and observed the prisoner with a bit of lead in his hand, and I saw him take it across the leads towards his own house, and he came back and put some dirt where the lead had been taken from; he was then upon Mr. Moorish's house, I observed the top of the house, the lead had been taken from off the place recently, it was taken off that morning , I was up the night before to see if I could see anybody, because we had missed some before, that was between twelve and one, and it was not off then: there were eighty or ninety pounds weight of lead missing the next morning as I imagine, I did not weigh it, I was present when the constable came , and we went to the prisoner's house, he was there, and I observed in his house a bag of lead, containing about eighty or ninety pounds, and there was a door, and when I laid hold of it down tumbled a parcel of lead, some appeared as if newly cut, they were pieces of different sizes, there was a cooper's adze by the bag: the prisoner said, he was then moving of his own things , sometime had elapsed, near upon an hour, it was about four when I was first called up to go to the top of the house; I went up afterwards, and measured three pieces that were in the prisoner's house, and they matched with the places exactly, but we could not match more than three pieces; the three pieces of lead I found in the prisoner's house, were exactly of the same sort and size with those taken from Mr. Moorish's house, the lead that was in the bag was beat up , I could not tell for certain what it was beat up with, it was cut a little bit, and then torn, it was folded, we were forced to unfold it, but we did not use any instrument in unfolding it.
Prisoner. Can you swear to any particular mark in my face? - No, I cannot, but I swear to his person altogether , he is dressed different.
Jury. What parted the two houses at top? - A bit of a wall, about five or six feet.
Was there any part where you could walk straight on, without getting over? - No.
Could a man with tolerable case get over that wall? - Yes.
Are there any steps or any thing that could assist a man? - Only the brick work, the house where the prisoner was, was an empty house, there was no place for any person to sleep in, I am sure of that, I observed nothing but straw and tubs.


                  SAMUEL
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, at a quarter before five in the morning, I was called by Mrs. Longford, I went with him, and waited outside the prisoner's door half an hour, I heard a hammering, but what it was I could not tell, the noise was in his own shop, close to the door; we waited, and the prisoner opened the door, I said, halloo! what do you do here, and I desired Mr. Jenkinson to mind the door while I looked about, I saw a cupboard door placed close underneath the window, and under that there were several pieces of lead, and I saw this adze just over the lead in the window, the prisoner seemed very much confused, and did not give me an answer; we searched all the house, but found no other tools: there was a wheel-barrow, and a few staves in his own business, I asked the prisoner how he could be guilty of anything of that sort, he said he had laid out a good deal of money on the house, he said nothing else, I made no promise to him; I went up to the top of the house to see which way he got out, and I went out, and could get on Mr. Moorish's house, as easy as I can go down these steps; there is a gutter that goes from the prisoner's house to Mr. Moorish's house, his trap door was open; there was a great deal of lead missing, and I afterwards examined the lead with the places they came from, at the top of Mr. Moorish's house, and these three pieces tallied exactly, they came from the middle; I cannot say whether these three pieces were in the bag, but there was some of the lead taken upon the prisoner; these pieces were folded together all of them, I beat it out at my own shop, and then took it out flat, but when I measured it, I trod it down with my feet, I only smoothed the others.
Jury. Was the situation of the roof such that a person not being very conversant with the two houses, could suppose himself to be on one house, when he was actually on the other? - He could not, there is a gutter between the two roofs first, and then there is a gutter adjoining to the wall, the wall is between three and four feet.
Is the roof of the house he lived in leaded? - No, it is not, only the gutter and the trap door at the top of it, and not leaded.
Does the house he lives in and that from which the lead was taking join in any part? - No.


                  JOHN
                   GARNON
               



             sworn.
I am one of the City collectors, these houses of the prisoner and Moorish's are the property of the City, I collect the rents, 
               
                  William
                   Moorish
               



             was tenant at will.
Court. How long has Mr. Moorish had this house? - A little better than a twelvemonth, Moorish was tenant the 17th of May, I have received rent since that time.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, I live in the house, it was rather out of repair, I moved out of it, I had some lodgers, and I told them to quit it as soon as possible; these people had nowhere to go to, and I told them, it is not material for a few days, you may stay here, they sent word they would quit the place on Monday, and I waited, and waited, and on Tuesday morning when I was taken, I came for the key, I knocked at the door and I could not make them hear, and a boy came running down stairs, says he I have been up stairs, seeing what it was o'clock, and I sent him to tell his father, I must have the key; when he was gone, I looked about, and packed up my things, and I went and opened the door to give a little light, and refreshment; and the prosecutor came up, and said, you are my prisoner, and it struck me so, I did not know what to do.
Jury. How did you see to pack up your things? - There was a sky light, and a sufficient light over the door, and the windows gave light enough.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
