





507. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BEATIE
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of July
 last, one mahogany tea chest, value 2 s. two silver tea spoons, value 4 s. and one pair of snuffers, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     De la Roche
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   DE LA
               



             ROCHE sworn.
I am a victualler
, I keep the Green Man, in Castle-street, Wellclose-square


, I happened to be out in the neighbourhood, on the 14th of this month, between seven and nine, and my wife sent for me and said, she had detected a thief; I came home and found the man in charge, and in the necessary I found a knife and my tea chest.


                  ELIZABETH
                   DE LA
               



             ROCHE sworn.
The prisoner had used our house about eight or nine days, and I let him go into the kitchen, thinking him honest; after I had drank tea, I put my tea spoons in the tea chest, and about half an hour after, the prisoner came in and went backwards, he staid there half an hour; I wondered why he staid so long; I went into the kitchen and missed my tea chest; he came into the kitchen, out of the yard, and drank some beer, and he was going out, I said, you shall not go out; he went to the window and jumped out of the window; I cryed Stop thief! and he was taken, and he dropped a spoon and snuffers, I saw them picked up; the tea chest I had unlocked.
(The tea chest, one spoon, and snuffers deposed to.)


                  CHARLES
                   BARNES
               



             sworn.
Confirmed the above account.


                  THOMAS
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am the constable, I took the prisoner.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, I leave myself to the Court and Jury.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
