





332. 
               
                  
                     EBENEZER 
                     SAMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Silvanus 
                           Hanley
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night, on the 12th of March
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, twelve silk handkerchiefs, value 30 s.
             his property.


                  SILVANUS
                   HANLEY
               



             sworn.
I live in White-cross-street


; I keep a linen draper's shop
; the window of my house was broke, on the 3d of March, about seven in the evening; I was in the house; I set my little boy on the outside of the window to watch it; I was behind my counter, and heard the window of my shop break; I was within about two yards of it; I did not see any body at that time; I had my mother, who is sixty years old, watching at the same time; I jumped over the counter, and saw the prisoner about a yard from the door, just as I came to the step of the door, the prisoner run by with something in his hand; I pursued him up the court, I saw him strike a little boy; I called out stop thief, and a person stopped him; I went up to him, and caught him by the collar; says he, I have got nothing, but I will pay for your window breaking; the bundle was dropped, I did not see him drop it, and the witness brought the bundle; I never lost sight of him, but the turning of the corner; I never was above five or six yards behind him.


                  JOHN
                   DANN
               



             sworn.
I was coming out to give my wife some instructions, and I heard the cry of stop thief; the prisoner was running very swift, and many following him; it was Saturday, the 30th of March, about seven in the evening, in White-horse-court I stopped the prisoner; he had under his coat this parcel of handkerchiefs; I had my handkerchief in my hand when I seized him, and in the scuffle the handkerchiefs dropped.
Did you see him drop the handkerchiefs? - I swear he dropped them, for there was no soul near till my niece came and picked them up.
Prisoner. Whereabouts was it that I was stopped? - About four or five doors from my own door; the prisoner shuffledthe handkerchiefs from under his left arm.
If you saw me shuffle the handkerchiefs, why did not you pick them up? - I called for a light; I could not see them.


                  HANNAH
                   MAJOR
               



             sworn.
My uncle called for a light, and I brought him one; I saw the handkerchiefs lay, and I picked them up, and my uncle's was at the bottom of them.
(The handkerchiefs deposed to.)
Prosecutor. I swear to them; here is my mark upon them; they were within eight or nine inches of the window where they lay night and day; I saw them there that evening in putting a candle upon the show board.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going of an errand to one Mr. Ridley's, to order a loin of mutton; I was making the best of my way home; I thought this the nighest cut; I heard the cry of stop thief; a man run as it might be to the left hand of me; I ran rather quicker than ordinary for fear of being knocked down; I am taken so unawares there are no witnesses here.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


