





635. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     TURPIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
 last, three half guineas, thirty-nine halfcrowns, and 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Charlesworth
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  CHARLES
                   CHARLESWORTH
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 124, High-Holborn


, the prisoner was servant
 to me, on the 12th of August the other witness informed me the prisoner had taken some money of mine; I charged a constable with him, I went and searched his box, and he produced me a purse which contained thirty-four or thirty-five half crowns; I said, that was mine, I asked him if that was all he had? he said it was all; I then asked him what he had in his pocket? he produced three half-guineas, four or five half-crowns, and four shillings in silver; I then said to him, is this all that you have of mine? he said that it was all that he had of mine; I did not know there was any missing.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. How long did he live with you? - Seven weeks.
You made him no promise, or threat? - None, I discharged him after searching his box.


                  CHARLES
                   CHARLESWORTH
               



            , jun. sworn.
I am nephew to the last witness; on the 12th of August, I saw the prisoner serve a customer in the shop, and he took some money, and went towards the till, and put some money in the till; on coming from the till he put some in his coat pocket, he then served another customer, and acted as before, only putting part of it in his waistcoat pocket, and I heard it chink.


                  THOMAS
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I have known him five or six years, he always bore a very good character.


                  SAMUEL
                   PLIMTON
               



             sworn.
I have known him twelve years, he is a very honest man.
The prisoner called six more witnesses, who gave him a very good character.




               GUILTY, of stealing, 39 s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
