






835. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MORGAN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     POND
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th day of August
 last, five worsted stockings, value 1 s. one copper pot, value 2 s. two pewter dishes, value 3 s. one pewter plate, value 1 s. and three live geese, price 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Clear
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY
                   CLEAR
               



             sworn.
I live in Princes-row, Mile-end, New-town


, the prisoners broke into my yard on the 13th of August, in the morning, about a quarter before four; I saw my gates open, and saw the prisoners coming out of the yard, Morgan had a bundle; I heard them breaking in, the gates had been shut and bolted the night before; as soon as Bond saw me, he dropped the copper pot, and ran; I pursued them, and they were taken; they were never out of my sight, the bundle was picked up.
Prisoner Bond. Whereabouts did I drop the pot? - Close to my gate.


                  JAMES
                   PIDGEON
               



             sworn.
I stopped the two prisoners, they past me about half past two, and came running, they said they were running a race; the prosecutor followed them in his shirt, I took Morgan, and my partner took the other; they had nothing upon them.
The other watchman confirmed the above account.
Prosecutor. When I came back, I saw all my three geese killed, and laid with the other things ready to be taken away; they had taken a copper pot that is here, and the two pewter dishes, and the plate, and the geese: the things lay all of a row together.
Prisoners. We have nothing to say.


                  JOHN
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
I live in Bethnal-green; I have known the prisoner Morgan some years, he did work a little with a labourer, and carried bricks and mortar.


                  ELIZABETH
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
Court. What relation are you to the prisoner? - I am none at all, I know him so far as being in his neighbourhood.
Do not you know the last witness? - I have known him so far as to see him.
What is his name? - I do not know him so far as to know his name.
Upon your oath, do not you know him? - Yes, I do know him; I never was in such a place before.
What relation are you to the last witness? - I am his wife.


                  DAVID
                   RICHES
               



             sworn.
I am a surgeon, I live in Spitalfields.
Court. Are you a house-keeper? - No, I lodge with a person at Mile-end; I was a surgeon in Spitalfields parish many years; I am a surgeon now, and apothecary, and midwife: I know that young gentleman, named Bond, I have known him soon after he was born.
What relation are the two last witnesses to him? - The man is his father.
Do you know any thing of this boy? - I have not seen him for some time past; I do not know whether I did not help to bring him into the world or not; I never heard any thing amiss of him.
Court. Prisoners, you do yourselves no service by calling such witnesses.


                  WILLIAM
                   MORGAN
               



            , PETER BOND,



               GUILTY
            .
Each to be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
