






203. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CLARKE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GREEN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th day of February
, one bag, value 6 d. one basket, value 12 d. and one hundred and fifty pounds weight of Russia tallow, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wale
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   WALE
               



             sworn.
I live in Shadwell High-street


, I am a Tallow-chandler
, on the 17th of this month, I called my servant up at five to make candles, after he came down stairs the clock struck, he did not know the time when he came down, the act of parliament is so strict we dare not begin before five, while he was enquring the clock he was informed some tallow was lost, which had been in the cellar under my dwelling-house, this place that I commonly work in is detached from the house about twenty yards; when we came to examine the door that had been locked was open, and the lock wrenched; they called me and told me I had been robbed, I got up and saw the tallow gone.


                  JOHN
                   ENNEVER
               



             sworn.
I missed some tallow, I know the sack it was in, when it is produced.


                  ROBERT
                   MABERLY
               



             sworn.
I was going in my course to survey, I surveyed my first course, on my double (what we call the double is going twice to each house) a man passed me and turned round to look at me, and I having my dark lanthorn in my hand I turned to look at him again, this was at half past three in Ratcliff-highway, it being a lightish morning, I perceived something light coming upon me, then I perceived it coming nearer, and then I put my light under my coat, and I saw the prisoner Green run over into Parker and Henry's yard, I ran after him, he ran from the opposite side of the way, he put down the basket and tried to escape over some little rails that were there; I called for the watch, and he secured him, then we went and took the basket and carried him and it to the watch-house; the basket contained Russia tallow.
The remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex, HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 22d of FEBRUARY, 1786, and the following Days;
Being the THIRD SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     THOMAS
                      WRIGHT
                  



               , 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY E. HODGSON, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND; And Published by Authority.
NUMBER III. PART III.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXVI.

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.
Continuation of the Trial of 
                  
                     James
                      Clark
                  



                and John Green.

Ennever. After I received information from the excise officer, I went to see what I missed, and I missed a sack and basket, with about two hundred weight of tallow in it, I knew it by having chopped it, and I knew the sack by the corner where I tied it up.


                  JOHN
                   OSBORNE
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman belonging to Wapping, I was setting in my watch-box about half past two in the morning, and I heard somebody coming along very nimble, and I saw two men run down Black-horse-yard, I immediately unbolted the door, I ran down after them, and caught the prisoner Clarke by the collar, and asked him what he had got there, and the other man called out Tom; I asked him what it was, he said it was only a bit of tallow; I brought him back to the watch-house with me, I took him to the watch-house, and the next day to Mr. Justice Smith's, and the prosecutor claimed it; I asked him where he got it, he said from on board a ship down at Black-wall, I told him he must be detained till the morning, I know nothing further.


                  EDWARD
                   PRIOR
               



             sworn.
I came to the assistance of the excise officer, I likewise saw the basket, I jumped over the rails and searched the shed, and found him in the vault, he was in a great heat when I collared him, I am sure nobody else was over the pales, for I examined the place.
Court to Maberly. Was the man the watchman brought out the same man you saw get over the pales? - Yes, I am quite sure of it.
PRISONER CLARKE'S DEFENCE.
I belong to the Ariadne, I was out in her the last season, and when the ship lay at Deptford I got liberty to come on shore, I could not come but at night, coming along Ratcliff-highway, two men came across the way and asked me to cary a load, one of them staid by me, and said it was to carry a bag which had Russia tallow in it, he said it was smuggled, I was carrying it along, and the watchman came and told me to stand, I have been at sea fourteen years.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.
PRISONER GREEN'S DEFENCE.
I came on shore that night about eight, I was out late and I went into this yard till the morning.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
