





119. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     WILLIAMS
                  , otherwise 
DICKERS




             was indicted, for 


               that she, on the 15th day of December
 last, feloniously did take away, with intent to steal, a pair of sheets, value 8 s. a counterpane, value 4 s. a shovel, value 1 s. and sundry other goods, value 17 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Jolland
               




            .


                  ROBERT
                   JOLLAND
               



             sworn.
I live in Providence-court, George-street, Grosvenor-square


; on the 14th of December last I had a one pair of stairs room to let, furnished; I shewed it to the prisoner; she told me her name was Williams; she formerly kept a house in Salisbury-court, eleven years, and had lived in good repute, but was reduced; she said her husband had fallen from a scaffold, and had received an injury; and that he was well acquainted with Mr. Lee, a master builder, in Queen-Ann-street, who had employed him in the country, where he was building a house for Lord Petre, in Essex, and being an easy job, he let him continue there, almost for the recovery of his health, and paid him 18 s. a week for his labour; she told me she received 8 s. every Saturday night, part of her husband's earning, at the pay table of this Mr. Lee, at a public-house, in Queen-Ann-street; and if I would go with her the next day, I should be convinced of the truth of what she told me; and if I wanted any security for the property, I might have further; I told her I thought 8 s. a week would not enable her to live, and pay 4 s. out of it; she said no; she had a bundle in her hand, a black bonnet unfinished; she told me the worked for a Mr. Attersley, opposite Dean-street, in Holborn, at millinery, and had this bonnet to make, and a cloak and hat likewise to finish; and so circumstanced she was, she did not know what to do, for she had lost almost that whole day to look a lodging; she said the day before she lodged with Mrs. Allen, in Little Grosvenor-street, but for arrears of rent, this Mrs. Allen owed to her landlady, the goods were seized, and the house was shut up, and she wished to come inthat evening; I made no enquiry that night, and she came in, and required an inventory of the goods; she went out; as I thought for necessaries, two or three times; the next morning she went out, and not returning, I went to enquire after her, and found her account false; I broke open the door, and missed the things in the indictment; I took the prisoner the same evening, at Mr. Blade's, the pawn-broker's, and she made a full confession; I made her no promise at Litchfield-street; she gave full information where the things were.
(Thomas Lewin and Rice Jones produced the things, which were deposed to by the prosecutor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The gentleman asked me for a week's rent before hand, and I foolishly took the things to make up the money; I should have made the things good; my husband is in the hospital; I have three children, and big with the fourth; I hope you will not send me away from my family, if you put me to ever so great punishment here.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
