






246. 
               
                  DENNEA 
                  JORDAN
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th day of December
 last, six silver tea spoons, value 10 s. one pair of sugar tongs, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas William 
                  Moore
               




            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  THOMAS
                   WILLIAM MOORE
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of December I went out, and when I came home the back door of my house was open; I cried out to my daughter and wife, who were up stairs; when I came up I found my wife fainting on a bed; then I went down stairs, got a candle and searched for the prisoner, but saw nothing of him; I found the door open and the window; I fastened the door, and came up stairs and went to bed; and then it was pretty nigh two in the morning; I never saw the things again.


                  ELIZABETH
                   MOORE
               



             sworn.
I am wife of the last witness; the first time I ever saw the prisoner was the 5th of November; it was near candle light; my husband and me were sitting by the fire side; it was a Sunday evening; there was another man came with him whom I do not know; he knocked at the door and came in, and said, is your name Moore; my husband said, yes, and they went out together; he came several times, and on the 9th of December, at night, I think I went to bed about nine; the prisoner came into the room and struck me with his hand; I was in bed; my daughter was in the room, and he hit her, and knocked her down; I sat up in bed, and he asked me for the keys of the drawers, and said, if I offered to make a noise, he would knock my brains out; and I laid in my bed, having nobody in the house but children; he directly went to the drawers, and there stood this tea chest, and some other articles; the drawers stood facing the bed, and he opened the tea chest, and there lay the spoons and tongs in the place; he took half a dozen tea spoons, and a pair of sugar tongs, marked W E M; there was a great noise of dogs; he blew the candle out and went down; I fainted several times with the fright, and knocking me down together.
Court. How long did you faint? - I cannot tell, I kept fainting several times; I never saw the spoons since; I knew the prisoner before by seeing him come to and fro after the 5th of November; I asked my husband who the prisoner was, and he told me he was his attorney; I remember my husband's coming in, and I told him here has been this Jordan, and used me in this manner, and has taken my things.
How were you when he came home? - In a very poor situation.
What time of night was it? - About one I think.
Your daughter was up, was not she? - She was up, but we have no clock or watch in the house, but I cannot say what time of night it was; my daughter set up for my husband.
Can you tell me whether there ever had been any quarrel between the prisoner and your husband? - I do not know.
Prisoner. It is not possible for me to ask her any questions, because every word that she has told you, is as false as God is in heaven.
ELIZ. MOORE, junior, sworn.
How old are you? - Turned of sixteen.
Do you recollect having seen the prisoner at the bar? - Yes, I have seen him at different times at my father's house.
Did you see him at any time in December? - I cannot particularly tell what time it was that I saw him, for I had been to service; I am not always at home with my father.
Did you see him at any time in December last? - No, I cannot say I did.
Do you recollect any thing happening? - The 9th of December it was I saw him; my father was gone out, and my mother was gone to bed with the young child, and I sat up mending some stockings, waiting for my father's coming home; I had been to sleep, and there were two bolts against the yard door, and I had unboltedthe door, and set a large heavy chair against the door for my father to come in at when he came home; I had been to sleep up stairs; I heard a noise in the room, and I looked up and saw the prisoner in the room; then I asked him what he wanted, and he gave me a knock on my side like, and knocked me right under the post of the bed; then my mother jumped up in the bed; he had a large hammer in his hand, and she asked him what he wanted, and he said he wanted the keys of the drawers; my mother said she had not the keys, my father had them, and he hit my mother with his hand as I believe, and knocked her right down in the bed; then he went to the drawers, and opened the tea-chest; and he said if she made a noise, he would knock her down with that hammer, if either a one of us spoke, or made any noise; then he went to the drawers, and took out six silver tea-spoons, and a pair of sugar tongs.
Where did they stand? - They were in a tea-chest, and the tea-chest stood upon the drawers; the tea-chest was not locked.
Did your mother see this? - No, my mother did not see him take them, but I saw them; I cannot say that she did not see him take them, she might, she was in the room.
Had the blow that he struck your mother any effect upon her? - Yes, it made her very ill some time afterwards, and she was very much frightened then; she could not get up, she fainted away; I cannot possibly tell the time that she fainted, it seemed very long to me; she might faint for five minutes or more; when he took the spoons, he blew the candle out, and went away immediately.
How long did he stay in the room? - I cannot tell you how long, it seemed very long to me.
Did your mother continue fainting after he went away? - Yes, she did faint after he went away.
How long? - Not very long.
Did she faint at different times during an hour? - I cannot say for an hour, I do not think she was a fainting when my father came home, but we were all so frightened.
Had you ever seen this man before? - I had seen him several times before.
What is this man? - I cannot tell you what he is.
Did you ever hear of any quarrel that your father and the prisoner had had? - I cannot say I know any thing about it, I happened then to be up stairs when my father came home; he looked about to see if there were any body in the house; there was a fire, not a very good fire, when my father came home; he might come home an hour after this happened.
When your father came home, did he eat any supper? - He might, I did not lay the cloth.
What had you for supper? - There was some cold meat, and some potatoes and greens.
Now you have told me a strange story, and I desire you to explain it a little? - I was to have broiled it or fryed it, as he chose it; there were some beef and mutton in the house; I was to have done any thing he liked to have done.
How many beds were there in this house? - Five.
You have never seen the prisoner? - Never till now; I never saw any of the things since; I have been to service since; I have nothing else to say.
Prisoner. I have no questions to ask her.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, my first acquaintance with the prosecutor was, I was introduced to do some jobs in the carpentering line; I am a carpenter by trade; he is a plaisterer, and he had spoke to me, and told me there were several people that owed him money, and that he would do some repairs if he could get the money, and that one Mr. Harrison, a grocer, in High-street, owed him fifty pounds; I asked him what was the reason he could not get his money in? he told me it was lent to this Harrison, the grocer, in ready cash; I asked him ifhe had any note for it, or bond; he said no; I said it was not a common thing for people to lend money without security in writing; then he said he had two witnesses, one was by when he lent the money, and the other when Harrison acknowledged the debt; then I told him to arrest the man; he did so; in a few days afterwards, one of these witnesses, whose name was Broom, that he had to the affair, happened to meet me, and told me that it was no such thing, that Harrison owed him nothing; with this the prosecutor said, he once bought half a dozen ducks of him, and paid him seven shillings; a few days afterwards I met the prosecutor, and he asked me to drink part of a pot of beer; I told the prosecutor what Broom had said, and he fell into a rage, and said the bloody rogue could he say any such thing; I told him he had told me so; after a little conversation with the prosecutor, he told me, says he, if you will row in one boat with me, and become an accomplice of mine, I will put some hundreds in your way; I asked him in what manner; he told me he meant to touch Harrison for fifty pounds; and if I would become a witness against Harrison, and say that I was by at the lending the money, or at the acknowledgement of the debt, I should have ten pounds if he could obtain it; moreover he said, there were plenty of people that he was acquainted with, and that he would touch them up in the same manner; I told him I would have no concerns with any thing of the kind; in a few days after I went, and acquainted 
               
                  Harrison
               


             the grocer of every thing the prosecutor had offered me; when the prosecutor found this, he went and swore a robbery against me of robbing him of a pocket hook containing a guinea and six shillings; that was some little time before this; the pocket-book was found by three honest men in the neighbourhood, and they produced the pocket-book without any money in it, and I was discharged; he said he had a witness to say that he saw me pick his pocket, and would bring him the next day; the justice took my own word, and bid me come the next day; I came of my accord the next day; I staid from eleven till one, and the prosecutor never appeared against me then; and he has laid his plan, which he bragged of to other people, to put me aside, that I should not be an evidence against him at Westminster-hall.
Who did he bragg of it to? - To one Fownes, and he was upon the trial at Westminster-hall, when he was cast last Saturday week; I told you this morning that my friends were not come; accordingly the prosecutor took out this indictment against me; I was under no apprehension, I knew myself innocent; when I went to Westminster-hall, I was subpoened by this Harrison, where that gentleman in green clothes (the constable) was ready to take me.
- RIDGWAY sworn.
I took him the 3d of February.
Court to Prisoner. Did you give evidence? - No, I did not, he took me before the trial came on, and if Mr. Harrison was here, he would declare the same; my witnesses were not in town, and I sent for them last night; I have witnesses to my character; I worked at the Duke of Newcastle's for nine years, where I was entrusted with thousands.


                  JAMES
                   BRYAN
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner, I have known him sixteen years intimately; I knew him when he kept house; I never knew any bad character that he bore; he did keep a house the corner of Stretton-ground; I have not known much of him these three years.
What trade is he? - A carpenter.
Do you know whether he has worked at his trade the last two or three years? - I fancy he did; I saw him at work not long ago at his business in Wapping at a new building; I did not know where he lodged; I went with his brother-in-law to see him.
Mr. Keys, Counsel for the Prosecution.
What are you? - I deal in potatoes;I have no house at present, I am looking for a house; the last place I had was a public house, that is above a year ago; since that, I have been arrested; I was in confinement for debt.
Have not you heard that the prisoner has a common bail for the last three been years; a buff bail, you know what that means very well? - No, Sir, I never heard any such thing.


                  BRIDGET
                   BRYAN
               



             sworn.
I am wife to the last witness; I have known the prisoner these last seven years; he bore a very good character for any thing I ever heard to the contrary.
Have you known him lately? - Yes.
How lately have you known him? - I have known him all along since I first knew him; I have known him the last two or three years, so far as knowing his sister and brother, and hearing of him frequently; I cannot tell where he lived these last two or three years; they live in Queen-street, Tower-hill; the prisoner has no family, and there I saw him; I saw them yesterday; I lodge in the old Bailey, and as soon as I saw it, I sent my little boy to let them know; I have known him to work, and have seen him at work within the last two or three years.
Mr. Keys. You and your husband live together? - Yes; I have seen him within these two or three months; my husband had not an opportunity of seeing him, being confined for debt.
Court to Prosecutor. How long have you known the prisoner? - The first time I ever saw him, was the 5th of November; he told me that he wanted to speak to me; he took me to Sir William Warren's square, but the house was uninhabited; he told me it was his own property, and that he was an attorney, and had formerly been another business.
Did you know where he lived afterwards? - No.
When did you take him up? - I never could hear of him after the 9th of December; I saw him at the sheep and shears, which I believe was about eleven the night of the robbery; I got home I think between eleven and one, I cannot say.
Had you supped before you went home? - I had no supper, but I commonly carried a bit in my pocket.
Did you sup at home? - No, I had supper enough to see my place robbed.
Did you expect any supper at home? - Certainly.
Have you ever had any quarrel with the prisoner? - No, but that night, or the next morning past, he came in very rigid and drunk, to the sheep and shears.
Do you know one Harrison? - Yes.
Have your ever had any law-suit with him? - Yes, that is the very man that gave orders for the writ, and said he had orders for the attorney; this man came to me, and extorted money from me at different times, twelve guineas, under the title of attorney.
Was he, or was he not subpoened? - How should I know?
Was you at the trial at Westminster? - Yes.
Was he there? - He was taken there.
How did that law-suit end? - End, I sat down with my own loss; I did not recover against Harrison, but I shall renew it; this man has been the biggest enemy that ever was known in this world.
When was the trial at Westminster? - I think it was last Saturday was se'night I believe, or Saturday was fortnight.
Prisoner. My Lord, it is an unlikely story.
Constable. It was the very day the cause was tried that they took the prisoner at the Ship in Old Palace-yard; that was the 3d of February.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
