





182. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     READ
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of January
 last, one wooden box, value 6 d. twelve pair of plated shoe buckles, value 40 s. twelve pair of steel knee buckles, value 10 s. eight pair of pinchbeck buckles, value 9 s. seventeen pieces of gold coin of this realm, called guineas, value 17 l. 17 s. two pieces of gold coin of this realm, called half guineas, value one pound one shilling, four shillings in monies numbered, and two hundred and eighty-six copper halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Radenhurst
                  




               
            .
Mr. RADENHURST's SERVANT sworn.
I live with the prosecutor at Birmingham, to whom this box belonged; on the 9th of January last, I packed this box containing the things mentioned in the indictment, I nailed it up and took it to the hotel; and paid one shilling for booking, to go by the coach to Mess. Harris and Motts, London, it was directed to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hitchin
               



            , No. 9, Bridge-street, Westminster


; I believe none of the things have been recovered.


                  DANIEL
                   GODDARD
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was standing at the door of Mr. Hitchin, Bridge-street, Westminster, when I came to the door with the box, it was on Friday, the 10th of January, between five and six in the evening; he asked if I did not bring the box from the Castle Falcon, he said, give it me, you have been a damned long while bringing the box; I said, I do not know you, I shall take it in; he said, he was Mr. Hitchin's clerk, and I gave him the box; he paid me nine-pence, he said, he should lose three-pence by giving me nine-pence, for Mr. Hitchin never gave but six-pence; he went in doors with the box; I stopped at the shop window, and saw him put the box down, then I went home.
You did not see any thing more of the prisoner? - There was another man that spoke to me as I came along, but I do not know who he was.
Prisoner. Was not it me, did not you see me in Holborn? - There was a chest of shoes sell out of a cart in Chancery-lane, and a man asked me to watch, I saw the man stand by the baker's shop door, I never saw any more of him.
Was that after the time he got this box or before? - After the time.


                  MARY
                   BROOKS
               



             sworn.
I was at Mr. Hitchin's when the box came in, the prisoner is the man that brought it in, I never saw him before, I saw him take it away again, he was in the shop about two minutes, I was there with my husband's work and mine, waiting for my wages.
Who was in the shop? - Nobody but Mrs. Hitchin and me.
Did the prisoner say any thing when he brought this box in? - There was a few questions passed between Mrs. Hitchin and him, but I cannot tell what they were; I did not see him deliver the box out of his hands.
Prisoner. This witness swore to Sir Sampson Wright, and said, she believed he was the man; then she looked round and fixed upon a young gentleman, an ensign, and said, he was the man.
Mr. Brooks. I could not rightly recollect his face then, but I did after.
How came you to mistake another man for him? - I was quite astonished when I went into the place, I was never there before, but as soon as I saw this man's face, I partly knew him.
You partly knew him? - Yes, my Lord, I knew him.
You are sure now this is the man? - I am sure this is the man.
Prisoner. There is Sir Sampson Wright will testify, I believe, what I have said as to this matter.
Mrs. HITCHIN sworn.
I know the prisoner, he came into our shop on Friday, the 10th of January, between five and six; he brought in a box, and asked if that was Mr. Jones's; I said, this is Mr. Hitchin's, but one Mr. Jones lodges here.
Court. There was a Mr. Jones lodged at your house? - Yes: he said, one of our men will have it that this box is directed for Mr. Jones; but this direction is not for Mr. Jones; I said, if it is not for Mr. Jones, I think it is for Mr. Hitchin, for we very often have boxes of that sort, and I saw carriage paid at the corner, and I said, I know by that carriage paid, that box is for my husband, I had some halfpence in my hand, and I laid them down to read the directions; he turned out, and said, I must call the other man, he is gone higher up to see for Mr. Jones, for he will have it that it is for Mr. Jones: there is one Mr. Jones, a housekeeper, higher up in the street; and I sent up there to enquire if a porter had brought a box there, but he had not; the prisoner went out, and I did not see him any more.
Court. This must be, I suppose, candle light, when he came into your shop? - Yes.
How long do you suppose he might stay in the shop? - About two minutes.
Have you any doubts concerning the prisoner being the man? - I have no doubts at all, when he came into the shop, he had a pen in his hand and no hat on, which made me look very hard at him, and I h ad a very good light in the shop.
Did you conceive any doubts about him at the justices? - No, Sir, I knew him as he came up the steps into the office, when he had his hat on, I thought him to be the same man then; and when his hat was taken off I was perfectly sure he was the man.
You say there was carriage paid marked at the corner of the box? - Yes, and I thought it to be the hand writing of a gentleman who used to send us such boxes from Birmingham, one or two in a week we have had sometimes.
Court. Did you use to deal with Mr. Radenhurst? - Yes, for I suppose a year and a half, or a year and a quarter.
Were the boxes that were sent to you from time to time like that? - Yes, that made it strike me to be a box from him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have nothing more to offer to the gentlemen of the Jury, I am truly innocent: I never saw the lady before, she looked round very carefully, she fixed her eyes very attentively, and said I was the man; she said, she could not take upon her to swear that, she swore to the best of her knowledge; this woman immediately started up, and said, I was the man: Sir Sampson Wright said, shall we commit this young man or not? and after some conversation, I was committed. It was calling at a house where a person had some stolen goods, and asking what is the matter, and they knowing me, that was the occasion of my being drawn into this premunire; I have no witnesses; this affair has been the occasion of my mother's committing suicide; she lays dead on the occasion now, and my father is obliged to be watched.
Court to Mrs. Hitchin. Did you doubt about the prisoner? - I made no doubt at all, nor I was not asked whether I doubted him, but when they asked me whether I saw the man, I said yes, I said, I believe this is the man, I was sure he was the man.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GOULD.
