






573. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ANDERSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOODSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of July
 last, ten oval scollop'd dishes, value 3 l. ten oval scollop'd plates, value 15 s. two soup plates, value 12 s. two pottage pots and covers, value 10 s. one copper funnel, value 6 d. three copper saucepans, value 8 s. two copper saucepans, value 8 s. one copper tea-kettle, value 3 s. one copper drinking pot, value 1 s. one coffee-pot, value 2 s. one chocolate-pot, value 2 s. one mortar and pestle, value 2 s. one pepper-box, value 3 d. one pair of candlesticks, value 10 s. one ditto value 1 s. one dial, value 10 s. one pier glass in a white frame, value 10 s. and three curtains, value 3 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Hughes
                  



               
            , clerk
, and 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Ruddle
                  



               
            , Esq
;


                  JOHN
                   DICKSON
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Tate , an Upholsterer; in July last, I had charge of some goods of the late Mr. Chamberlayne at his house; I saw them there myself, when I went there I undid the front door, which was the day after the robbery was committed, I found the back door forced open, seemingly by a crow, in three places, the fastening of the bar, which went across the middle, was forced from the place where it was fixed, and the bolts and locks forced back, I missed the dial directly, and the pier glass in the back parlour, the pieces of the frame were lying on the floor; I have taken very particular notice of the dial, I missed the things on the 16th of July, I fastened the door and left them there about a week or ten days.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROGERS
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Dickinson, the Brewer, I saw the two prisoners at the bar, in Golden-lane, on the 15th of July, about six on Monday morning, and two more with a coach, and seeing no number on the coach and the sashes up, my master desired me to follow them, which I did to Fleet-lane, there they stayed for five or ten minutes at Mr. Haywood's house, there was nothing taken out there, they stayed all of them together; they then drove to Bridge-street, I never saw the other men after; the prisoner Woodson took the numbers out of the coach and put them on the outside, when they stopped to water, which was at the New Inn in Bridge-street, near Blackfryer's Bridge.


                  GEORGE
                   POPE
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Dickinson, I saw the prisoner the 15th of July, Anderson and three more, he was down, and then he got up to the top of the coach, he went into Goswell-street, turned into Long-lane, cross Smithfield, down Cow-lane, down the old Bailey, and stopped at the corner of Fleet-lane, then he bid the coach follow him, and stopped at Mr. Haywood's door, they stayed talking about five minutes, then the coachman drove into Fleet Market, and into Bread-street, then Anderson quitted the coach, then the coachman drove to the White-swan, at the bottom of Blackfryar's-Bridge; I sent my fellow-servant then for a constable, the coachman stopped and gave his horses some hay; Woodson stood by his horses, I looked on both sides of the coach, there was no number on it.


                  JOHN
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn.
I apprehended Woodson, and found a variety of things in his coach, and took an acacount of them, (the dial produced, and deposed to by Dickson.


                  JAMES
                   HAYWOOD
               



             sworn.
The prisoner called on me about six weeks ago, I asked Anderson how his father and mother did, he asked me if I bought household furniture, I thought he wanted to buy some, or sell some, but I never saw any thing of it.
Court. how came you to part? - He went away.
Court. What barely after asking the question? - Yes, gentlemen, and here is a witness of it.
RISONER ANDERSON's DEFENCE.
I got up about half after four, I met two gentleman, as I thought they were, they desired me to hire them a coach, I hired one, I told the man I was going to take him to two gentleman at Knightsbridge for a fare; the two gentlemen got into the coach and took him to Chelsea; I saw no more of them then, they came back with this coachman, they asked me to go with them, I stopped there with them, they took some things out, they came back again, they went into Golden-lane, and Fleet-lane; I knew Haywood, I stopped and asked him how he did, he said how are you Joe, how are your father and mother? I said pretty well, that was all that passed.
To Haywood. How is that? - The coachman stopped, and Anderson was near the coach, he asked me if I bought household furniture, I thought he wanted to buy some, or sell some, I cannot say whether Woodson did speak to me, he might say some particular words, I was called in a hurry up stairs, and I have partly forgot what was said.
Court. Suppose you remember any part of it as you only forgot it partly, tell us the part you remember? - He did say there were goods in the coach, and if they were not bought he would throw them into the street.

Did not he ask you to buy them; did not he press you to buy them? - The words said were, that I might as well have them as any body else, what they were I never saw, nor would have any thing to do with them.
PRISONER WOODSON's DEFENCE.
I was on my stand about five o'clock, there was a coachman behind me, this young man asked the coachman, he is in the court, and he said, he had rather not go, as he was going into the city, I went to Sloane-street, Chelsea, where these two young men stopped at a house, and put in some things, and bid me drive to Whitechapel, and put the things out, I went according to their orders, they ordered me to Fleet-lane, and wait till they came, they told me to come down to Mr. Haywood's, in Fleet-lane, they ordered me to stop, and I stopped there, I went to give my horses some hay, I heard Haywood ask the man how his father did; Stevens and the other came up, and asked where my numbers were, I did not know they were off, I found them in the coach, and I took them out, and put them on to the side directly.
- MARLIN sworn.
Confirmed Woodson's account, as to his being on the stand.


                  RICHARD
                   SNELLGROVE
               



             sworn.
I had just been out with my master, and I was putting the horses up, and I stood in the same same yard, I saw the man engage him.
(Probate of the will produced of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Chamberlain
               



            .)
Prisoner Woodson called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.


                  ANDERSON
               




               GUILTY
            .
(To be 


               transported to America for seven years
            .)
WOODSON 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
