





960. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d day of September
 last, two linen shirts, value 8 s. one dimity waistcoat, value 4 s. one woollen waistcoat, value 1 s. two handkerchiefs, value 9 d. one pair of cotton stockings, value 3 s. one apron, value 9 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mason
                        



                     
                  ; one linen shirt, value 3 s. one pair of cotton stockings, value 3 s. a handkerchief, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Allen 
                           James
                        



                     
                  ; one linen shirt, value 2 s. one linen waistcoat, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Davis
                  



               
            .


                  ESTHER
                   MASON
               



             sworn.
About half after two I was washing, and I was informed a lad had taken a bundle of linen up Harris's-lane; I ran after him and he was brought back; I saw nothing upon him, he told me to look over the hedge, and the things were found there; the prisoner said, there were more people about, cannot you look over the hedge: he did not acknowledge taking anything.


                  MARY
                   RIDGLEY
               



             sworn.
I was looking out of window, and I saw the prisoner go out of this house with a bundle of linen, he looked back as he went with the linen, he looked up and saw me at the window, and he ran; I saw him brought back, I am sure he is the man.
Court to Mrs. Mason. Had you seen the bundle before the constable gave it you? - Yes, I gave it the constable the day the prisoner was committed to Newgate.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming up the lane, and this gentlewoman called to me: I stopped directly, she said her house had been robbed, and a gardiner came up, and said he saw a man heave a bundle over.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
