





566. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BARNEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July
, a cloth coat, value 2 s. and a linen waistcoat, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Roberts
               




            .


                  JOSEPH
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice
 to Mr. Bailey of Foster-lane; I only swear to the property, I know nothing of the prisoner.
- EDSELL sworn.
I am an apprentice to 
               
                  John
                   Corfield
               



            , in Foster-lane; on the 5th of July last, about nine in the evening, I was standing at the door, about fifteen or sixteen yards from Mr. Bailey's, and I observed a person coming from the Horse-shoe passage, which I believe to be the prisoner; he went to the house of Mr. Bailey, and another person came through the passage in a blue coat, and was sauntering about the door; then the prisoner came out, and the other person followed him; in a few minutes the person in the blue coat crossed the way, and went into Mr. Bailey's house; during which time the prisoner sauntered about the door, as the other man had done before; and I observed that person in the blue coat come out with a bundle under his left arm, his left arm being nearest to me as I stood; then the prisoner crossed the way, and went under the passage with him; I crossed the way to Mr. Bailey's, and a little girl called 
               
                  Robert
                   Harrison
               



            , and I went with him into Newgate-street; and returning home we found the prisoner by St. Ann's-lane,and the other man with him; I told him, I believed he had been in Mr. Bailey's house; he said, he did not know Mr. Bailey, nor Foster-lane; I told him, I believed what he said was not true; I let him walk on; Harrison went into a butcher's in Aldersgate-street, and Harrison and me came up with the prisoner in Falcon-square; I repeated the same question to him, and while I was speaking to him, Harrison pulled out the coat, and declared it to be his, and there was a striped linen waistcoat; they were wrapped up in a blue apron which he had on; the constable kept them; he is here.


                  ROBERT
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
I am an apprentice to Mr. Bailey; I did not see the prisoner in the house at all; I found my things upon him about a quarter of an hour after they were missing; a little girl opened the door and called me, and I went out with the last witness, and I found the things in the prisoner's lap, in Aldersgate-street; there was a blue cloth coat and a striped linen waistcoat; they were wrapped up in a blue apron; they were my fellow-apprentice's; I carried them home and gave them to the constable; his name is Wyatt.


                  THOMAS
                   WYATT
               



             sworn.
I produce the coat and waistcoat.
Deposed to.
Roberts. This coat I have had about two years, and the waistcoat about four years.
Do you find your own things? - No; my father finds them; I am sure they are mine, because one of the cuffs is torn; I saw them at eight that evening; I left them in the compting-house, cross a sash next the street, the left-hand, going in at the street-door; I saw them again on Monday, at the Mansion-house.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I gave four shillings for the coat and waistcoat, of that there man that he saw come out of the house with them.
What the man in the blue coat, you mean? - Yes.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
