





595. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ADAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 31st of August
, one silk purse, value. 2 s and fourteen guineas in monies, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  Gospee 
                  Capelo
               




            .
An INTERPRETER sworn.
The prosecutor is a gunner
, he comes from Soriente, in Naples. He was coming out of the Park, near the statute of the horse at Charing-Cross, about half after three, and the prisoner spoke to him, and he said he would accompany him, they went into a public-house, and drank something; they came out and proceeded some way towards Temple-Bar; and then the prisoner picked up a purse, and told him he would give him his share, and took him to another alehouse, and pulled out the purse, out of which he took a note and a little box; and they went to the Hay-Market to another alehouse, and had some more drink; he took out the purse again, and a ring, and two men joined company with them; and the prisoner said he had no money, but that the prosecutor should give him twenty guineas, and he would give him the whole: there was a ring and a note in the purse; he answered he had no money, but would go and call somebody that could speak English, to settle it: another man said he had money. The prosecutor found a man that could speak Italian
, at an Italian shop, and returned to the house, and the prisoner and the other man were gone. The prosecutor then went to Temple-Bar, and as he returned, he met the prisoner again; the prisoner called him, and told him if he would have the purse with the things, he should have the money; and the prosecutor told the prisoner he would give two guineas; then this man pulled out his purse to give him the two guineas; and the prisoner snatched his purse out of his hand, and ran away with it, containing fourteen guineas. The prosecutor followed him into a court, and then they searched for about an hour; then they found the prisoner at a house in that court: while they were getting into the first room, the other companion came out of another room; and they found the purse between the bedding and the tick; it is the same purse, he never got any of his money again: he is sure the prisoner is the man who snatched the purse. They had only three pints of ale in the whole, and he had not above half a pint to his share, as they drank none of the last pint, and he was very sober.


                  WILLIAM
                   PASLEY
               



             sworn.
I was in a public-house, and heard that a man had been robbed by some sharpers: I took the prisoner, the prosecutor pointed him out to me: we followed the other man up to Poll Bennet's room, commonly called Yorkshire Poll; the door was locked, the prosecutor broke it open; I took the other man, the prosecutor found the purse, and the draft, and the ring, and brought them to the magistrate: I searched the prisoner and found a note on him.
PRISONER.
I leave it to my counsel.


                  MARY
                   NASH
               



             sworn.
I was standing at my door in Johnson's Court, I keep the Mitre tavern, and the prisoner came and asked me what was the matter, I told him, and he said he would go and see; and he was brought after into our house.
- GREENOUGH sworn.
I belong to the excise. On the 1st of this month I was near Northumberland-house, and I saw this foreigner and another man run up to two men, and he charged them with robbing him of fourteen guineas; neither them were the prisoner. While we were finding them, the prisoner came down the court and asked what was the matter: the foreigner laid hold of him, and said he belonged to them. He spoke bad English, and whether he said fourteen or twenty guineas I do not know; he said he had been robbed by them men, first, that they were the persons that robbed him.
Court. How did the prosecutor describe it; let him speak it as he did, to the witness? -
Greenough. He said dey take a de money.
Court. Ask the prosecutor if he saw that man, Greenough? - Not that he remembers.
Greenough. Ask him if he does not remember my assisting him to take the men? - No, my Lord.
Court. I dare say not: I have a great mind to commit this witness; it was impossible for that foreigner to make him understand; I have no doubt but this is one of the gang.
Constable. My Lord, I detected this witness under the table at the justice's, talking to the prisoner.
Jury. It will be a great justice done him, I believe, to commit him.
Prisoner. I beg the prosecutor may be asked if he knows the nature of an oath, and the consequences of taking a false oath? - He says he knows it very well.


                  ELIZABETH
                   LENNO
               



             sworn.
I live in Johnson's-Court, I take in washing: I saw a man come running down the court, as hard as ever he could, and I saw this gentleman and some more before him; I thought it had been a press-gang, a man run up into our room, and said for God's sake, shut the door. They broke the door open, and took the man out; the prisoner was not there.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported to Africa for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
