





860. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MYERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th day of August
 last, one silver table spoon, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Shakeshaft
                  




               
            .
Mrs. SHAKESHAFT sworn.
I live in Bethnal-green road


, I am wife to 
               
                  James
                   Shakeshaft
               



            ; I lost a silver table spoon the 19th of August, it was marked R. I. R. and it had a mildew in the bowl, it lay on the dresser about two, I saw it there in the kitchen, I missed it by four, I went into the yard to take some stockings off the line, and it was gone.


                  JAMES
                   SHAKESHAFT
               



             sworn.
On Friday the 19th of August, about a quarter past five, I was coming down Shoreditch, and a person stopped me, and told me there is a young man that has a large feeder about him, says he, if you make haste you will overtake him; accordingly I went on, and I saw him coming back towards me, I looked at him, and he was rather shy of me, and he went into a shop, and bought a brick or a roll, and began to eat it, I went up to him, says I, Myers, you have something about you; he denied it, I took him to a public house, and as soon as he came in he chucked a handkerchief upon the table among five or six more, and I heard the spoon fall out of the handkerchief, the bowl sell on the table, and this part went on the settle, I took the prisoner into a back room, and I searched him, and found nothing else upon him; I said, you must go with me, no, says he, do not take me, you may as well, well it; he struggled, and I threw him across a chair, he said, I had broke his back, I took him to the Justice, and produced the spoon, I thought it was like mine, but I advertised it, and I came home about two in the morning, says I to my wife, do you know this spoon, says she, I have lost a spoon, and would not tell you, but I have been crying my eyes out about it; says she, let me look at the bowl, I can tell by that, and she looked, and there was the mildew. (The spoon produced, having some mildew on the bowl, and marked, deposed to.)
Mr. Peatt, Prisoner's Council, to Prisoner. Do you chuse to have 
               
                  John
                   Latham
               



             called? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   LATHAM
               



             sworn.
I was in the same public house where the spoon was brought in, I saw a man bring it in, and sell it to one 
               
                  Isaac
                   Hagwine
               



             for four shillings; it was on a Friday, I cannot recollect the day of the month, it was a little above dining time; it was after twelve, I saw it sold, and when it was sold, this young man, the prisoner, came in afterwards, and he being a silversmith, a silver buckle-maker, the young man thought he was a better judge of silver than him, and he gave it him to sell for him, and he went out to sell it, and then was brought back again by Shakeshaft, I was in the public house when the prisoner and Shakeshaft came in; they came in together.
The prisoner called five more witnesses to his character.
Court to Prosecutor. What are you? - I am a headborough; I know the prisoner very well.
Where did you know him, and how? - My Lord, I have had him in custody.
Jury. Had you any intimation that was your spoon? - I did not know it was my property then, for I did not know that I had lost one.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
