





569. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     LYON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Adams
                        




                     
                  , widow
, on the King's highway, on the 12th of July
 last, and putting her in fear and danger of her life, and taking from her person and against her will, one piece of black silk, containing sixteen yards, value 4 l. her goods
            .


                  ANN
                   ADAMS
               



             sworn.
I live in Bury-street, St. James's, I was robbed on the 12th of July, in King's-street, Covent-garden


, between nine and ten o'clock at night, of a piece of black silk, about sixteen yards, I went to fetch it to make up, I am a mantua maker, I fetched it from Cow-lane, I had it under my arm, the prisoner came behind and snatched it away, he run by me, down Bedford-street, I called out Stop thief! and a man run after him, and caught him.


                  JOHN
                   BRAND
               



             sworn.
I was in Bedford-street, at the time of this robbery, and I heard the woman cry Stop thief! and she came nigh me and said, for the love of God stop thief, and the man walked past me, and I walked after him about twenty yards, and he wanted to cross over, and I caught hold of him with my right hand on his collar, and I accused him with stealing the woman's silk, he denyed it and said, he had not, when he had so said, I shook him, and it dropped under his feet, it dropped from his breast, from underneath his coat, I called to the woman, and she came up and claimed her property, I took him to the watch-house, the watch were not set, and he was committed.
Have you kept the silk ever since? - It was sealed up at both ends and left at the watch-house, I have a bit of it in my pocket.
(The silk deposed to.)

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been at King-street, Seven-dials, and was coming along about half after ten, and when I was about half way down the street, I heard the alarm of Stop thief! and directly a man run past me, and threw a bundle down close by me, then I stood, and they took me; I am told, that several of the runners has told this man to swear against me, on purpose to get a share of the forty pounds reward.
The Prisoner called one witness who gave him a very good character.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen of the Jury, this prisoner is indicted for a highway robbery, which is a taking from the person of another, by force and violence, and either putting in fear, or using such violence, as might impose fear on a reasonable man; in this case, there was no previous force, no threat used by the prisoner, nor any fear on the mind of the person that was robbed, therefore at all events, I think you must acquit the prisoner of that part of the indictment, but there remains another part of the case, which you will take into your consideration, for though he should not be convicted of the whole offence of which he is charged, yet he may be convicted of the larceny; now larceny is taking goods any way, with intent to steal, and there does not seem to be any room for doubt, but this bundle was snatched away from the prosecutor, by the prisoner.




               GUILTY. Of single felony only, not of putting the person in fear
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
