





614. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BURGESS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of July
, three iron locks, value 3 s. and three keys, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
Messrs.
 Maganran and Dolan


            .


                  JOSEPH
                   GOLDING
               



             sworn.
On the 8th of July I lost three locks and three keys, they were the property of the prosecutors, they were lost off the counter; the prosecutors are ironmongers
; about nine in the morning I served a customer with two of these locks, there were five in the paper, I went to breakfast, and returned at ten, when I returned the prisoner was in the shop, I went to the desk, I then observed his hand over this parcel, (produces a parcel) and I believe he saw me notice it, he drew his hand from the parcel, I then began to finish the direction I had began writing, but before I had finished I turned my head again, and he had hold of this parcel with his right hand, he took it, and I saw him put it into his pocket, I went round the counter to him, but before this, after he had put them into his pocket, there was a small hinge, which was intended for a looking glass, he had the hinge in his hand; this was, immediately after I observed him, put into his pocket; I said, my friend, what did you put in your pocket, he said he hoped we would not expose him because he had been a man of business, and had had losses, and he was very sorry for what he had done; I sent for a constable and took him, there are three locks and three keys in the parcel; the prisoner fell on his knees, and said he was a very distressed man, and begged I would not prosecute him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went into the shop to buy some hinges, there was nobody in the shop but this gentleman, with the newspaper in his hand, he seemed rather attentive to the paper, it was an exceeding hot day, and there were twenty parcels on the counter, as I came in with two pound of pewter, and another parcel, I put down my parcels on the counter, he undid one paper, and then another, and they did not suit, says I, Sir, I have given you the trouble of opening the papers, I will have a pair of these, the handkerchief laid on a parcel, and I put it in my pocket, he said you have taken a parcel.
Had he any parcel on the counter besides this? - No; my Lord, I am sure I saw him put it into his pocket, he said I am very sorry, I made a mistake.
Did he put his handkerchief on the counter? - He said he did, my Lord.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
