





335. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     SEWELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, a linen sheet, value 2 s. a pair of blankets, value 2 s. and a rug, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Isaacs
                  




               
            .


                  ELIAS
                   ISAACS
               



             sworn.
On the 28th of February, near ten in the evening, I was in my yard, my wife called me, and said she saw the prisoner with some property; she was in the kitchen, I ran out after him; he had got out of my sight.


                  MARY
                   ISSACS
               



             sworn.
I was sitting at supper in the kitchen, about ten o'clock at night, and I heard somebody come softly down stairs; I opened the door to see who it was, and I observed it was the prisoner with a bundle of clothes under his arm; I knew him before, I saw him coming down, and I laid hold of him; I called out to my husband; he got from me, and went out of the house, and carried the bundle with him; we all followed him, our children, and all of us, calling out stop thief!
Court to E. Isaacs. When did you first see the prisoner? - I first saw him near SpitalfieldChurch; my wife told me his name before I pursued him; I had known him before, when he came from Greenland; when I took him he had no bundle on him, nor has any thing been found to this day; at the watch-house, he said, he wanted to speak to me, and he said, I have been in great distress; he told me he had taken the property; he was away half an hour before I took him; I lost a sheet, a blanket, and a coverlid, which were up stairs on the bed; the room had been locked, and the staple was forced out.


                  JOHN
                   WHISTON
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol of Spitalfields parish; on the 28th of February, at half past ten, I took the prisoner; a boy was crying out he had robbed his daddy; the prisoner was then at the bottom of Red Lion-street, I told him he must go to the watch-house; he begged to go to speak to Mr. Isaacs first; Mr. Isaacs came up before we got to the watch-house, and when we got to the watch-house, he begged to speak to Mr. Isaacs himself; and when he had stept on one side, he begged Mr. Isaacs would forgive him; Mr. Isaacs said no, he would not; I asked him what he had done with the sheets; he said he had pawned them; I asked him where he pawned them, and for the duplicates; and he said where he pawned them they never gave any.


                  JAMES
                   CUTLER
               



             sworn.
I know no more than the last witness.


                  ELIZABETH
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
I know no more than I locked the door in the morning.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was walking along, and the little boy said I had stole his daddy's things; I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
