





773. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FOX
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th day of July
, 60 yards of callimanco, value 57 s. and 30 yards of shalloon, value 31 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Hearne
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  JOHN
                   HAWES
               



             sworn.
What are you? - I am a waggoner of the Cheshunt waggon, it was robbed the 8th of July, I was going to Cheshunt from town, going along the prisoner brought a box on his shoulder, and he asked me to take him as a passenger, I took him up and the box; he wanted to go to Acton; we went to the waggon and horses, Shepherd's Bush


, there I stopped to take out some goods, then he said he would walk on, and he walked on to Acton, there he got down, and I took the box down, and I found the box as heavy again as it was, and I searched about in my waggon, and found a truss cut open, and part of it gone, I took the box into my hand, and tried to stop the man, but he ran out of the back door and left the box behind; he got over some high pales into the next yard, and out of that yard he came into the road again, crossed the road down the George yard; I ran after him, and took him in about ten minutes.
What time of the day? - About five, nobody else was in the waggon but the prisoner and myself.
Was the box tied or corded? - No, we broke open the box and found these three parcels in the indictment.
Prisoner. Did you miss anything at that public house? - No, nothing.
Had you observed this truss particularly before you took me into the waggon? - No, I had not.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   CROXFORD
               



             sworn.
On the 8th of June I was at the George, opposite my house at Acton, and I went to get me a glass of gin and water, and I saw the prisoner go into the Orange Tree, next to my house, and in five minutes I saw him come down my yard, I knew he must have got over some pales; he was looking earnestly towards the waggon, and suddenly he ran over to the George, and I saw the waggoner looking one way and another, and I asked him if he looked for the prisoner, he said yes, he had robbed his waggon, and I ran after him and took him.


                  HENRY
                   STEPHENSON
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner in custody, and I broke open the chest, and found this piece of goods in the chest.


                  JOHN
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner run down the George yard at Acton, I saw Mr. Croxford take him in the trap ball place, and near upon the place I found a key belonging to the chest, and I took it immediately over to Mr. Croxford's, and it unlocked the box very well, I marked the key.


                  LEONARD
                   MEDCALF
               



             sworn.
I had eleven pieces to send down by Hawes's waggon, the 8th of July, for Cheshunt, directed to 
               
                  Adam
                   Simpson
               



             of Cheshunt, they were packed in coarse cloth; this is the package, it is cut, but it was not cut when I packed it; I put it in the warehouse, and delivered it to the book-keeper in the warehouse; it is directed to Mr. A. Simpson, Cheshunt.
Court to Medcalf. Look at the callimanco, and tell the Jury whether that is what you packed up? - I believe this to be our goods, they have our mark upon them, there ought to be five pieces in all; (The package opened.) it contains one half yard of mourning crape, and one piece of bombazeen, which makes the quantity.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was informed the Princess Amelia wanted a second coachman, at Kenington Gravel-pits a gentleman asked me to take this box and put it in the waggon, I rode to this public house, and I walked to Acton, at Acton he gave me the box out, the gentleman was not there, I did not know what to do with the box, I took it from him, and set it down on the bench, and was going away.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
