





574. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     BURKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously, and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Neville
                        




                     
                  , on the 7th of August
 last, and stealing nine aprons, value 9 s. two yards of linen cloth, value 2 s. six yards of callico wrapper, value 3 s. three silk handkerchiefs, value 3 s. two damask table cloths, value 30 s. one silver table spoon, value 6 s. two small table cloths, value 5 s. two diaper table cloths, value 3 s. two damask napkins, value 4 s. one mahogany tea-chest, value 7 s. one silver table spoon, value 6 s. one silver tea spoon, value 1 s. a black cloak, value 5 s. one man's hat, value 2 s. and 7 s. in monies, numbered, the property of the said Richard
            .


                  RICHARD
                   NEVILLE
               



             sworn.
My house was broke open on Sunday the 4th of August, I live at No. 44, in Skinner-street


, I believe my wife was the last person up, she is here, I was up the first in the morning, about half past six, I found the yard door broke open, and in the force of breaking it open, a piece of the pannel of the door post split off, I did not observe any thing disturbed, when I first went through; only observed the door in that situation, I heard my neighbour in the next yard, I told him I believed there had been thieves among us, he said he believed so, for his shop door had been broke open; I went into my kitchen, I said, I believe I have lost nothing, I found the drawer of the bureau set in the middle of the room, then I went to look and found the things missing mentioned in the indictment; about an hour after I was up, a person brought me word, that a woman was taken with some goods on her, I went to view them, and found them to be my property.


                  MARY
                   NEVILLE
               



             sworn.
I went to bed between twelve and one, I fastened the door, and the windows.


                  GEORGE
                   GILBERT
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner at the bar, as I was standing within twelve yards of my own door, about three o'clock in the morning, go by with a man, and some things in her apron, she said she would be damned if she would go any more to help them to move, and about a quarter of an hour after, there came by the same man that was in her company, and another with him, and one of them had a stick in his hand, I spoke to them, suspecting them to be thieves, and they damned me, and said if they were thieves they did not rob me, about four she came again with another man with her, with things in her apron, and we went after her, and took her, the man that was with her laughed and sniggered, and made use of language I was not used to, I went after her, and took her to the watchhouse.
Court. Are you a watchman, or any thing? - No, Sir.
How came you up at that time in the morning? - I was intending to go to work, I am a weaver, but I get my bread by lamplighting, we took her to the watch-house, the constable examined her, and she would not tell her name, nor where she got the things; in going along I examined her how she came by the things, and she told me, the man that I saw run from her, gave them to her, she damned me, and asked me if I wanted blood-money.
- PROSSER sworn.
I brought her to my house, and took charge of her. (The things produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner. Somebody said there was a fire, and they threw down two bundles, and I picked them up, one of the young men turned back, and said he would give me six-pence if I would carry them a cross the way.



               GUILTY
            .
(


               Transported for seven years
            .)
Tried by the First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ASHHURST.
