





568. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LAWLER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of April
 last, one hammer cloth, value 20 s.
             the property of Miss


                     Mary Ann 
                     Chase
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BRENCHLEY
               



             sworn.
I am coachman to Miss Chase; the coach stood in Nailor's-yard, Silver-street


; my mistress lives at Richmond, but she has a bit of a lodging in town; and when we are in town the coach stands there; the hammer-cloth was in the coach-house, the coach-house was not locked; I missed it in the morning as soon as I came to the stables, this was the third night we had been in town, I drove my mistress to the play that evening.
Mr. Peatt, Prisoner's Council. How do you know this is the property of your mistress? - Here are three letters upon it.


                  DENNIS
                   HERRING
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman in Whitcomb-street, Leicester-fields, on the 15th of April at half an hour after three in the morning, this man, on whom I found the property, came by my box, and I stopped him, and he had this bundle, and there were two coach glasses wrapped up with it.
(The hammer-cloth deposed to, marked M. A. C.)
Mr. Peatt. What time did you describe this to have happened before the Magistrate? - At half after three.

Are you sure you said that only, and not any other time? - The same words I said before.
Did not you say it was five o'clock when you took him into custody? - No.
You are quite clear in that? - Yes.
To coachman. How do you know that hammer-cloth? - By the letters I will swear to it.


                  JAMES
                   COCKLAN
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman, I watch with Herring, he was on one side of the street, and I on the other; when the prisoner was stopped, I was not very far off; the other witness called to me directly; it was half after three, I went with the constable of the night to several stable-yards, and to Mr. Hatchet, the coachmaker in Long-Acre, he made the cloth, and sent for Miss Chase, and she owned the cloth.
Herring. When I laid hold of him first I asked him what he had got? he would not tell me, till I went rather hard on him, then he offered me a guinea to let him go.
Did he shew you a guinea? - Yes.
Did he say he picked it up then? - No, I directly called for Cocklan.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am a porter
, and work at Covent-Garden, I am always obliged to get up at four o'clock; I was going through Leicester-fields, I saw something at a distance on the coach-stand, it appeared white, it lay up against the rails, it was this cloth and a pair of glasses laying wrapped up in it, the glasses were against the rails, and the cloth rather under it; I took up the bundle and came back to that watchman to give them in charge of him.
Herring. He gave me no charge of them.
Court to Herring. Where was you at the time you stopped him? - Coming out of the George yard.
Prisoner. That man has perjured himself, and it is a sin.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILLES.
