





782. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d day of August
 last, four saws, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Jeffries
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   JEFFRIES
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
; I have four saws of my own; I lost them on Tuesday the 23d of August, out of the house where I was at work; I never got them again; I saw them there that night when I left work, and in the morning they were gone; there was a board nailed up under the stool-board, and that was broke down, by which I suppose he got in.


                  DENNIS
                   HERRING
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner come out of the house with these saws in Whitecombe-street, Leicester-street


, at about a quarter after two in the morning; he was coming out underneath the shutters; he had nothing with him but these two saws; there was more in company; one end of the house was empty, and the other was inhabited; I was going to stop him; I fell over some paving stones that lay there, and then he threw away the saws out of his hand, and run away; I pursued him; I never lost sight of him till the next watchman took him; this is the man.
(The saws deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Before the Justice he said he lost sight of me in Sidney's Alley.


                  JAMES
                   LYON
               



             sworn.
I am the other watchman; I was in Sidney's Alley, and I heard the cry of stop thief, and I saw the prisoner and another watchman, and they were both on the ground, and I came up to their assistance; the prisoner is the man; he says, I knocked him down, he fell down, and I fell over him.


                  THOMAS
                   GOSS
               



             sworn.
I was going on ringing the rattles, and the prisoner was running as fast as he could, and I tried to stop him, and he knocked me down, and cut my elbow; we were both down together.
Prisoner. I had no saws: I was talking to a woman of the town at the Coach and Horses, Leicester-fields.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
