






181. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BRUCE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     ANDERSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of January
, three linen table-cloths, value 15 s. two aprons, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Hayward
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS
                   HAYWARD
               



             sworn.
I live in John-street, Golden-square


; I am a victualler
; on Wednesday, the 3d of January, the prisoner Anderson came into my house; I never saw her before; I saw both the prisoners standing in the street, before she came in about ten minutes; they were looking over a basket of wet linen that stood on the curb, before a gentleman's door; I passed by them twice; I saw the prisoner Bruce give Anderson something out of the basket, and she put it into her apron, and wrapped it up on one side; I was then in the street passing by; Anderson came into my house about two minutes after; the other stood on the outside; Anderson called for a quartern of gin, and desired it might be brought to the door; I saw the spout of a gallon pot under her gown; I knew it to be mine; taking it away, I saw in her apron, two wet check aprons; I took them from her, and took her into the house; I kept her, and told her she should not go; Bruce came in a few a minutes after with three table cloths in a basket, wet; she called for a pint of beer, and I took charge of her, and the table cloths, and basket, and sent for a constable: Bruce wanted much to go and leave the basket behind her; she said she sold soap about the street
 for a gentleman at Wapping, and those cloths were given her to wrap it in: Anderson did not say a word: Bruce was the person that gave Anderson the aprons.


                  STEPHEN
                   PITT
               



             sworn.
I am the constable; I received these things from the last witness, in his parlour; I have had them ever since; I took them to the public office in Poland-street, and had them advertised, and the prosecutrix came and claimed them.


                  MARY
                   HAYWARD
               



             sworn.
I live in Poland-street, in St. James's parish; my husband's name is Francis; I lost two aprons, and three table cloths out of my garden, on Wednesday, the 3d of this month; it was near three when I missed them; the Justice's man who lived in the street, came on Saturday following, and asked me, and I told him; I went to the office, and saw the things; they were mine.
(Deposed to.)
PRISONER ANDERSON'S DEFENCE.
I had the aprons of this woman, and if you will be so good to question her how she came by the entire of the property, I will be obliged to you.
PRISONER BRUCE'S DEFENCE.
I found the things, and sold the two aprons to this woman.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each to be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
