






753. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     SIMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October
, three ounces of hair, value 2 s. two razors, value 1 s. two brushes, value 2 d. a card with iron teeth, value 1 s. a pair of scissars, value 2 d. a pewter bason, value 6 d. one puff, value 6 d. one silk ditto, value 3 d. two horn combs, value 3 d. one linen dressing cloth, value 6 d. one towel, value 6 d. one pair of curling irons, value 2 d. a hatchet, value 2 d. a curtain, value 6 d. a powder knife, value 2 d. two prints with wooden frames, value 6 d. and two pair of fire tongs, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   HARRIS
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Harris
               



            ; I live at No. 32, Sutton-street, Goswell-street; he is a hair-dresser
; I lost the things in the indictment; they were all in the shop, except the fire irons; my husband was dangerously ill; I said to the prisoner, my friend, be honest to me, and go to shop; and the pictures, and powder knife, and razors, and puffs, I found on him in Smithfield; I found also, a window curtain; and the constables found the rest; I asked him where he was going? he said, to dress a gentleman; I said, what with curtains and fire irons! and I called assistance, and he was stopped; he had not been hired above two hours before; I gave him sixpence; I gave him possession of nothing but the jack towel, and the things to dress my customers with.


                  GEORGE
                   YATES
               



             sworn.
I am a patroll belonging to St. Sepulchre's; on Saturday, the 10th, about four in the afternoon, a gentleman called me to the poor woman's assistance; I went, and they had a scuffle; she was taking this curtain from him, and two prints in frames, two razors, and several other articles; a pair of curling tongs, and two combs, and two tails, one small brush with a bit of chain to it, one green handled powder knife, two razors, one pair of large scissars. I cannot swear whether he had actually delivered the things to the woman, or not; there was a great scuffle.


                  RICHARD
                   WILLEY
               



             sworn.
I am another patroll; my fellow servant had the prisoner in custody; I went to his assistance; and by the prisoners direction, I got the towel and the dressing cloth, where he had sold them, which he said was in Peter-street; the people gave them to me, on paying for them; the woman described the cloth, before I shewed it to her; the prisoner gave me the money to buy them; as we were taking him to the counter, in his right hand pocket, I found this puff and this comb, and two or three other things; the prisoner said he was ashamed of the action, it was such a paltry one.
(The prosecutrix deposed to the prints and frames, and the dressing cloth.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have very little to say; I have been a good deal about the country; and was in great distress; the major part of the things, were only dressing things; and some other trifling things might be carelessly put up, without thinking.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
