





107. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     FITZGERALD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th day of November
 last, one cotton gown, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Clark
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  HENRY
                   CLARK
               



             sworn.
I am brother and shopman to 
               
                  Thomas
                   Clark
               



            , No. 4, in High-street, St. Giles's


, a pawnbroker
; the 3d of last November, about half past seven in the evening, the prisoner came in and asked for a handkerchief in the name of Moreing; there was another customer in the shop; the boy went up to look for it, and he could not find it; there was a little girl playing with a child; and the prisoner pretended to faint away; I sent the little girl for some cold water, in the mean time my brother went up to look for it; I was in the shop all the time while he was looking for it; she said, it was not her's, she would go and ask the woman about it; and she went out; presently my brother came down and he missed the gown directly; it was a cotton gown; and we suspected the prisoner, as she was sitting close by; and I found the gown in Denmark-street in a quarter of an hour after, at a pawnbroker's; and I desired them to stop the person if she came again; the next morning she was stopped.


                  WILLIAM
                   ALDRIDGE
               



             sworn.
This cotton gown I received of the prisoner the 13th of November, about eight at night; I lent five shillings upon it; I am sure it was the prisoner that pledged it; I have known her some time; I asked her whose gown it was; she said, it was not her's, but a servant maid, who lodged where she did, got her to bring it for her; it has been in my possession ever since.
(Deposed to by 
               
                  Henry
                   Clark
               



            .)
Did you see her take it? - No.
Did you see her meddle with it all? - No.
Was there any body else in the shop? - A little girl of ours playing with the child.
What may be the value of it? - Seven shillings.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
It was an hour after the gown was pawned before I came for this handkerchief; the woman gave it me to pawn, and gave me a shilling to fetch the handkerchief: Mr. Aldridge can give me a character.
Aldridge. I had rather not.




               GUILTY, 4 s. 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
