





807. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th day of October
,twenty-eight yards of printed callico, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        Godfrey 
                        Hill
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Tinecoat
                        



                     
                  , in their dwelling house
            .


                  GODFREY
                   HILL
               



             sworn.
I am a linen draper

, in partnership with Samuel Tinecoat; I only swear to a piece of callico.


                  SILVESTER
                   HILL
               



             sworn.
I live with Godfrey Hill and 
               
                  Samuel
                   Tinecoat
               



            ; they are partners; the prisoner came into the shop about four in the afternoon, of yesterday, and asked for a child's frock; there was another woman with her, that appeared to be big with child; and I shewed her a yard and a half of print, at twenty-pence a yard; a quarter of a yard of muslin, and half a yard of Irish; these things were paid for; the other woman took them; the other woman paid for the quarter of a yard of muslin, and the yard and a half of print; and the prisoner paid for half a yard of Irish; they both walked out of the shop together, and went up Winslow-street, about thirty yards; our house is No. 78, Oxford-street; I fetched them both back again; and as soon as the prisoner came into the shop, she dropped down the print from her petticoats; she had no cloak on; I saw it drop down from her petticoats; it was under her petticoats I am sure; it was in the middle of the shop; I am very certain when I went out of the shop, there was nothing on the floor, and nothing near the ground; the other woman was not near her when it dropped; there were twenty yards; it was printed callico; I picked it up; the prisoner said she had not stole it; she stood off from it, and said she had not dropped it; it was quite different to that she bought; it was laying on the counter near to where she was; it has our own mark upon it, O. A.; I gave it to Mr. Silvester Hill; (produced and deposed to); the mark is the hand writing of 
               
                  Jones
               


             the shopman.
Prisoner. I did not take it.


                  JAMES
                   CROSSMAN
               



             sworn.
I am constable of Mary-le-bone Parish; this property was given to me by Godfrey Hill; I produce it; she ran away from me, and I ran after her.
Silvester Hill. The last witness gave it to me.
Prosecutor. I cannot put a less value than two shillings and six-pence a yard; that is three pounds ten shillings; the price was reduced at my desire at the justice's; I had not it above ten days.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
