






557. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     AYNERS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ADAMS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th day of March
 last, 214 pounds weight of lead, value 30 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Jonathan 
                           Mab
                        




                     
                  , and then and there affixed to his dwelling house
            , against the statute.


                  JOHN
                   ROBINSON
               



             sworn.
Between eight and nine in the evening, March the 15th, I took a walk round, and at the place called the Circus Building, I went into an house uninhabited, and stood in the door way, with my face towards the door, and the two prisoners came and passed me with each a load, I stood till they got past me, I saw another man behind, he set down his load, I took no notice at all of him, but I went into Quebeck-street and told the people of the publick-house, two of the men followed me, I took one of the prisoners, and pursued after the other two but could not find them, I came round the south side; when I took Ayners, he wanted me to keep it quiet, I told him no, it would not do, then I perceived Adams and another man along with him, I met them half way along the fouth side of Portman-square, I took Adams, and the other man got away, they had both loads on their backs.
Court. When you first saw them, were they coming from that way? - Yes, I took the lead and matched it, and found it had been taken from a house belonging to 
               
                  Jonathan
                   Mab
               



            , it fitted exactly, it was taken from the middle gutter, there were nail holes, and it fitted exactly, here is one Robinson, who saw the lead matched.

- ROBINSON sworn.
Did you see this lead tried on the house? - Yes.
Did it fit the places? - Yes.
Was the place cut out even or irregular? - It was cut out irregular.
So that nothing could sit it but the piece itself? - Nothing but the piece itself.
(The lead produced.)
Court to Robinson. That is not so irregular as you described it? - It is impossible for a man to cut it even without he had a line to cut it by, they cut two pieces out from the gutter, they matched exactly to the place.
PRISONER ADAMS's DEFENCE.
I shewed them the man that employed me when he took me.
Court. Where is the man, can you produce him? - No, I cannot, I had a gentleman here last sessions that waited two or three days.
PRISONER AYNER's DEFENCE.
When they took me, I told them the man that employed me was before me, and they took him.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
