





520. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     INGLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th day of May
, one canvass bag, value 1 d. one half guinea, value 10 s. 6 d. and six shillings and sixpence in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Frogley
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   FROGLEY
               



             sworn.
I was fast asleep at my own house, on the 4th of May, between eight and nine in the evening, in a chair, by the fire-side; my wife awaked me, and 
               
                  James
                   Lukin
               



            , a lodger, as soon as she found my pocket turned inside out, and the button torn off; my wife and the prisoner and the children were there; I had in my purse half a guinea, and five, six, or seven shillings; and my wife took the prisoner with a constable, with the purse and the money; I was not quite sober, nor in liquor; I know I had the purse in my pocket.


                  MARY
                   FROGLEY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner ordered a pot of beer to my house; one of the children said there was a fire, and he went out before me, and I followed him; he came in before me, and I went out to look; when I came in, I saw his hand come from my husband's pocket; says he, if I had been burned in the fire, I should not have been here; but if I was to be hanged to morrow, it is my time come; I stood talking to him a quarter of an hour, I had no apprehension he would rob me; I followed him and the watchman into the public house; his back was towards me; this was after the money was missed; I told the watchman that was the man that robbed me, and had my husband's purse; he then dragged out the purse, and said, that is Frogley's purse, I am all over done, I will be d - ned if I am not.
Prisoner. Did not you pick your husband's pocket yourself? - I took out some money for a quartern loaf; I put the purse back again, and buttoned his pocket; I called the lodger.


                  JAMES
                   LUKIN
               



             sworn.
I went home very wet one night; I lodged with this man, and the woman cried out, for God's sake, come down, I am done; I saw the prosecutor's pocket turned inside out.
(The purse deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
This good man and I had been at work together; my wife was not at home; says he, you shall go to my house; the man dropped asleep, and his wife picked his pocket of two shillings; the man said, has any body picked my pocket; I said, yes; says he, take my money till to-morrow morning, then you can give it me; he took out his purse, and said, here is half a guinea, eighteen pence, and four shillings and sixpence I have of my own.
Court to watchman. When you went to the public house, did the woman ask him if he had got her husband's money? - She said at first, this is my husband's purse, and I will swear to it.
Is it true, that instead of claiming the purse, she asked him if he had got her husband's money? - I did not hear her say so; after he dragged me out of doors, he said, this is Frogley's purse, and, says he, take it, and go and fetch Frogley.
Prisoner. I have some witnesses to my character.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
