





766. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMAS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of September
 last, one gold watch, value 10 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Marmaduke 
                           Storr
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  MARMADUKE
                   STORR
               



             sworn.
On the 17th of September, I think it was on the Wednesday, I went out to dinner, I left my son a child between nine and ten o'clock in the shop, I returned about five; I left nobody but him with a particular charge, which I gave him from the time he had been with me in the shop, always to keep the shop door locked, and to admit nobody into the shop on any account, but those he knew; when I returned I missed off one of the hooks a watch; I did not know then that it was a gold one, I happened to have a good many watches of other peoples, and several going abroad, and I did not miss any of them; the child replied, papa it cannot be, you must have hung them up contrary to your usual method, for nobody has been here, I was clear in my own opinion that a watch was missing, though I could not ascertain what watch it was; I told the child he must be mistaken, for somebody must have been in the shop, I told him particularly to tell me the real truth, that I might be easy in my mind, for I was confident a watch was missing, though I could not ascertain which; after that the child confessed he recollected that a Black had been in the shop; after that I did not find the watch, nor did I ascertain this gold watch, which was my own property till Friday; on Friday came a messenger from Mr. Heather, the pawnbroker, in Long-acre, I then looked over my books, and I found this watch missing, which had the maker's name of Darwood.
Court. Then it was by the examination of your books that you found this watch was wanting? - No other way, Sir, I ascertained the name; I have had that watch in my possession about three weeks or a month.
Court. In that time you have sold several watches? - Yes, but I did not mean to sell that in the state it was, I meant to chase it, or to engrave it, I am perfectly sure to the watch, I am perfectly sure I had not sold it.
Court. Is there any body that sells for you besides yourself? - Nobody, I always examine all my watches in the morning when I go out.
Court. Yes, but you was not able to ascertain which watch it was till you examined your book? - I was clear in my own opinion that a watch was taken from off that pin, and there was no other missing but that; I am perfectly clear there had been a watch on that pin, I knew the watch immediately, there was one of my papers in it, which was the cause of Mr. Heather so readily sending to me; I know nothing of the prisoner, I never saw him till I saw him before the Justice.
Mr. Sylvester, Prisoner's Council. Your watches were hanging as all watches are? - Yes, in the window.
You know it is usual, when people come into a shop to take down sometimes one watch, and sometimes another? - Certainly.
Now your son sometimes moves a watch? - No, he is particularly ordered never to move them.
That is another thing, he is but a boy; boys do not always do as they are bid? - No, I believe they do not, I am sure they do not.
Whether the watch had been moved by any body when you was in the shop you cannot tell? - O then I am sure nobody moved it.
Why? - Because I do not suffer any body to touch the watches but myself.
No! why but if I was to come into your shop? - If you was a stranger, I certainly should not permit you to do it; I should say, Sir, if you will give me leave to take it off, for sometimes the watches stick.
Yes, but from a man's appearance, you would be cautious of saying a rude thing? - Certainly, Sir.
Then you do not know from your own knowledge, how the watch got out of your custody at all? - I have said it, Sir.


                  JOHN
                   HEATHER
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday the 17th of September, about four or five in the afternoon, the prisoner brought this watch to pledge with me; he wanted a guinea and a half on the watch, seeing him a Black I opened the watch, and perceiving it was gold, I asked him what he gave for it, he said he gave two guineas and a half for it, I knowing he could not purchase it for that, stopped him, and took him to the Public Office in Bow-street, and he was committed; on the Friday a very humane good lady, whom the Black had lived with, and in whose family he and five other brothers were born, promised him if he would tell the truth, where he got the watch, she would do all that she could for him; in consequence of the lady's promise, he said, at the Royal Exchange, but I do not believe he knew the house; he was never out of custody after that, I have no doubt of the identity of the man.
(The watch deposed to.)
Mr. Sylvester. My Lord, I submit to your Lordship that this is evidence arising from the man's own confession, and it is in consequence of promised favor to him he discovered where he had the watch from, in consequence of that discovery, the prosecutor is found out.
Court to Heather. Was there a paper of Mr. Storr's in the watch? - After he said he took it from the Royal Exchange, then I guessed, seeing Mr. Storr's name in the inside, I then thought it was Mr. Storr's.
Court to Mr. Sylvester. I do not conceive the rule of law with respect to confessions made upon promises, to extend to all facts connected with those confessions; if it did, it would shut out all evidence, but it only shuts out the confession being given in evidence.
Mr. Justice Nares. The objection you made I think is such as ought always to be made where faith is given, and where a poor man depends upon promises made, where he makes discoveries by which his life may be taken away; but I think this case stands abstracted from that; for here is a watch lost by Storr, here is a watch brought by the prisoner to Heather, and by him taken from the prisoner; and abstracted from any thing else, there is evidence enough to go to the jury, because Storr says that is his watch that he lost between three and five, and this was the watch that was offered to be pawned between four and five the same day.
Mr. Recorder: The evidence in this case derives no advantage from the confession whatever; we do not know that the prisoner made any confession.

Mr. Justice Nares to Heather. Who was the lady that appeared? - One Mrs. Weale, the Rev. Dr. Weale's lady.
Court to Storr. What age is your boy? - Between nine and ten.
How old are you little boy? - Nine years and four months.
Have you learned your catechism? - Yes.
Have you ever heard the nature of an oath upon the Bible? - Yes.
Do you know the consequence of speaking falsely and telling a lye afterwards? - Going to the Devil.
And do you know you are liable to be punished here if you speak an untruth? - Yes.
SWORN.
Court. What happened after your father left you at home in the shop, did any body come in? - Yes that Black.
You do not know him? - I knew the Black again.
Did you see the man take the watch off the hook? - No, Sir.
Did you see him about the hook? - No, I only saw him sit down by the desk, he sat down, and he said, he came from a Captain to speak to my father to take me on board a ship.
How long did he stay in the shop? - He staid about half an hour, he came once before that, then he called about half an hour after, and said, he must stay to speak to my father, I cannot say I saw him take it.
You think that was the person that came into the shop? - Yes, I am sure it is.
Prisoner's Council. How came you not to tell your father of it? - I did not recollect him then, I did not recollect that any body had been in.
No! why when did your father come in? - I suppose my father came in about five o'clock.
What o'clock was the Black there? - First at three, and then half an hour after.
Did not you recollect either of the times? - No.
Now was it not because you was affraid to let your father know the watch was stolen? - No, Sir.
You see your father questioned you two or three times, very minutely, and at last you told him, was not it because you saw it go, and was affraid to tell him? - I did not see it go.
My dear boy, what was you affraid of? - Nothing at all.
Why did not you tell him? - Because I did not recollect it.
Jury. Had you any suspicion that any thing was stolen at all? - None at all.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of it, I do not know where the boy lives, I never said that I took the watch, I never stole any thing in my life.
Can you give any account how you came by this watch? - I met a man and bought it of him.


                  FRANCES
                   WEALE
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner sixteen years, his general character is a very good one, he was a slave to my father in the West-Indies; the whole family of them belonged to me, he bore a good character, during that time, he lived with me some part of the time.
Mr. Justice Nares. This prisoner was with me a year or more, and I never saw any thing amiss of him but childish tricks, he was quite a child not above nine years old, and he went over from me, I returned him to that lady who had a great regard for the family, I thought it was much better to let him go home again.
Court to Mrs. Weale. Has he been with any body abroad lately? - He came to England last year in a Merchant's ship, he was discharged.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, in the first place, it is but justice to observe, that nobody in the City of London carries on that critical business of a pawnbroker, with more caution or in a better manner, than Mr. Heather; for I have seen many instances where his conduct has been the means of detecting prisoners. As to this case, in what manner the prisoner stole this wat ch is not so precisely proved, upon that therefore, you may exercise your judgment, if you can rely on the evidence of the boy, then the whole matter is proved; otherwise, if you think that circumstance is not sufficiently proved; and you are satisfied, that he is the person that stole the watch, without being able to declare in what manner he stole it, then you may acquit him of the capital part of the charge.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported to the West-Indies for seven years
            .
Mr. Justice Nares. It is not to be understood that we mean to cast any aspersion upon this little child.
Court. It is very natural that the child should be affraid, having disobeyed his father's orders, but that takes away the full reliance on his evidence.
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
