






302. 
               
                  
                     DOROTHY 
                     MOXEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     HYDE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of February
 last, six yards three quarters of printed cotton, value 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Broome
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  EDWARD
                   BROOME
               



             sworn.
I keep a linen draper's shop
 in the Haymarket


, on the 19th of February, I lost six yards three quarters of printed cotton, I had been absent from my shop, I returned about half past 3 or near 4; when I came into the shop, the prisoners were there, my servant was shewing them some cottons, there was another in near the door, and when I came in, she went out.
Was that woman in their company? - Yes, my young man was serving them, Hyde says to the other, stay here till I come back, I am going a little way, after this I saw my young man looking over these cottons, and turning them as if he had missed one, then he went out, he had been gone out about three minutes, not more, then he returned again and called me.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Council. Do not tell us what he said, I beg that the other witnesses may go out of Court. - Hyde came in again, and when she came in again, we challenged her with stealing this piece of cotton, my young man said, I will take my oath on it, that you have stole the cotton; I then said, do not make any piece of work about it, if you will give me the cotton, I shall make no more piece of work abo ut it.
Mr. Garrow. My Lord, he has said that he had first promised her, and afterwards threatened her, any thing she said under that impression cannot be taken.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you find any thing in her custody? - No, when my lad was gone for a constable, then she said, she believed -
Mr. Garrow. Your Lordship will not hear that, I object to any thing that she said being now given in evidence, because it is under that impression of the two things that the law says perfectly invalidates the evidence.
Court. Was you present when the things were found? - No.
Mr. Garrow. Hyde told the other to stay there till she came back? - Yes.
And she went out not followed by any body, and with perfect liberty to have gone anywhere she pleased? - My young man followed her.
He did not at all interupt her? - No.
And she came back voluntarily? - Yes.
You said there was another woman in the shop, and that she was in their company; how did you happen to know that, as she went out when you came in? - My servant told me so, I could not see it if I was not there.
No, but you should have told the Court so then, that your opinion was formed on conjecture and hearsay.
Court. I do not know whether this conversation that passed between the prosecutor and her, after the constable had been sent for, was in consequence of his promise, for she had absolutely rejected the benefit that he would have given her from that proposition.
Mr. Garrow. My Lord, it is very far from being my wish to trouble the Court, but I submit this is a continuation of the conversation.
Court. It is not my wish to press any thing against the prisoner.
Mr. Garrow. My Lord, it is first I will coax you, then I will threaten you, it is the common way.


                  JOHN
                   BARBER
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to the prosecutor, I know both the prisoners, on Thursday last they both came into my master's shop to purchase some linen, it was about four o'clock, I shewed them several linens, they enquired for cottons for a gown, at last Hyde said she wanted to buy a gown for the shortest, I shewed her several pieces, there was another woman in the shop at the time they came in, which they knew, the other woman was there before they came in, they spoke to each other as acquaintance, she said, she was come to buy a gown for the short one who was going to place that night, the other woman had purchased same goods, I shewed them several; I thought I saw the tallest of them endeavouring to take a piece from the bottom, I looked over, she then desisted and pulled a piece nearer to her, that I could not see what she was doing underneath, they then both turned away from the counter, and one asked the other for a handkerchief, she had bought one piece, they both bargained for that, they did not pay for it then; I then thought they had taken the piece that I saw her endeavouring to take.
How many might there be in the parcel you shewed them? - Twenty or thirty, she went out, and I followed her, I did not stop to see whether she had taken the cotton or not, she went into the silk-dyer's, I ran back immediately; it was about four doors from us, I went after her again, she was gone from the silk-dyer's, and when I came back to our shop, I found her just returned, and buying some muslin, she wanted to pay for it, and seemed rather confused, as I thought at least; I then looked the cottons over again and examined them, and was quite positive that it was gone, she wanted to pay for that piece that she had fixed on, I told Mr. Broome what I had suspected, she paid for the muslin, and as she went out I stopped her, she said, she knew nothing of it nor of the other woman, only as a slight acquaintance, we told her then, if she would confess and tell us where it was, so that we might have our linen again, we should trouble ourselves nothing about it, we repeated it several times, she offered to be searched, she positively denied it, we then sent for a constable, it was near half an hour before we could fine one; she then said -
Mr. Garrow. I am again obliged to trouble your Lordship, whether you would hear what the woman said, this evidence confirms his master, that first of all there was an attempt to get at some confession from her, by promising her, that if she would tell where the goods were, she should not be hurt, then upon her still persisting, they have recourse to the other implement by which confessions are extorted, namely threats; now I submit to your Lordship, that upon either of these grounds the evidence is not admissible: In a very late case I took this objection, and the Court held without a doubt, that the evidence under these circumstances was not admissible, the man was tried for robbing Messrs. Prescot and Grotes of a Bank post-bill, the defendant told a story, to which the witness said, that is very unsatisfactory; And unless you tell me a more satisfactory story, I shall send for a constable; under those circumstances, and under the terror of that threat, the prisoner made a very ample confession, the witness was going to disclose that confession, I took the objection, and the Court held most clearly without the smallest doubt, that it could not be received, for that, that engine had been employed, as in this case, with this addition in this case, that this woman was acting under the same impression from the beginning, and therefore I submit with the greatest deference to the Court, ( as I cannot in my mind separate the two impressions that were made on the mind of that woman,) that the Court, in a case of life, will not suffer this confession to be received.
Court. I think we cannot receive this confession, but any acts that were done afterwards may be received in evidence.
Mr. Justice Buller. Whatever acts are done are evidence, but if those acts are not sufficient to make out the caseagainst the prisoner; you are not to hear her conversation or confession, so as to couple it with those acts. I tried a prisoner where the evidence was just as it is here, and I stopped all the witnesses when they came to the confession: the prisoner was acquitted; there were two learned Judges on the bench, who told me that though what the prisoner said was not evidence, any facts that arose afterwards must be received; and tho' that did not affect the case of the prisoner then at the bar, it was stated afterwards to all the Judges, and that was the line drawn; though you will not receive the confession or declarations of prisoners made under such impressions, yet the acts done afterwards may be received.
Court to Barber. Was any thing done subsequent to this? did you go and find this printed cotton any where? - Yes, I found it at the chandler's shop in James-street, Hay-market.
(The cotton produced and deposed to by the shop mark.
Court. Was that linen amongst the parcel of linen you shewed the prisoner? - Yes.
You are sure of it? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow. There was a woman in the shop before these women came in? - Yes.
How long had the first woman been gone before Hyde went out of the shop? - About ten minutes.
Had you after that woman went away, observed that identical piece of linen there? - Yes.

Why you have told my Lord that there were thirty pieces of linen? - This was at the bottom, I can swear it positively, they were dark linens I shewed her, and this was a very light one.
Did you observe that identical piece of linen? - Yes.
You mean to swear that? - Yes.
Were these 30 whole pieces or remnants? - Some whole pieces, and some remnants.
What is the distance of this chandler's shop? - About two hundred yards.
The first woman might have carried it to the chandler's shop herself? - This piece was not taken down till after the other woman went out of the shop.
Why, they were laying on the compter? - No, that I remember.
I wish you would remember this, that this is a case that affects the lives of two prisoners by your evidence, Mr. Barber? - There were several things laying on the counter.
Aye, so many things that you could not then distinguish the one from the other, though you now affect to say that you could distinguish. - I can take my oath that I saw her hand on it, taking it from the rest; I am sure I saw her hand on it.
And on that identical piece? - Yes, I can swear that the others were all dark.
You did not follow this woman into the chandler's shop? - No.
You did not interrupt her in her walk to the silk dyer's? - No.
You took a traverse through a number of other streets, and then found the woman in the shop? - Yes.
And she told the other woman to stay there? - Yes, I told her that I supposed she must have given it to the other woman.


                  ELIZABETH
                   LINDSEY
               



             sworn.
I live in James-street, Hay-market, I keep a chandler's shop; on the 19th, the prisoner Hyde came into our shop for a quartern of starch, and asked to leave that bundle, and she would call for it; I let her leave the bundle; I do not know what it contained.
Court. Was it the same bundle that you afterwards delivered to the young man, Barber? - Yes, I believe it was.
Did you give it to Barber? - I gave it to the prisoner again.
Mr. Garrow. You never had seen her before? - No.
She was not a minute in your shop? - No.
Court. Are you sure it was the prisoner at the bar? - I believe it to be the same, I took my oath so.
Had you any conversation with the prisoner at all? - No, I know she was the same that delivered the bundle to me.
FOR THE PRISONER HYDE.
- SELBY, Esq; sworn.
I am Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; I know the prisoner 
               
                  Eleanor
                   Hyde
               



            , I have know her ever since she was a girl; she was born at Alnwick, I knew her family very well, I never heard any thing against her, I always looked upon her as an honest woman, she has been in town something about a year; I have never seen her since she was in London; I understood she was lately married, I have seen her husband, and was very much surprized when I heard of this matter.
Court. What way of life was her husband in? - A servant, I believe.
Court. Has the prisoner any other witnesses to her character?
Mr. Garrow. My Lord, after Mr. Selby's evidence, I shall not trouble your Lordship with any more witnesses to her character.
Jury. My Lord, the Jury wish to be informed, whether a suspicion of the witness, that she took the cotton at that time, takes off the private stealing?
Court. He did not see her take it, but he saw her attempting to take it, and in all probability it was taken at that time; there is sufficient foundation on the evidence to think that it was.
Mr. Justice Buller. He immediately afterwards saw her apply to the other for a handkerchief; if she took it at that time, it was not a stealing privately; if you could suppose she did not take it then, but took it afterwards when his back was turned, that would be a stealing privately.
Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   Perryn
               



            . He was put on his guard, and wherever there is a doubt of that kind, one would always incline to the milder part of the case.


                  DOROTHY
                   MOXEY
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .


                  ELEANOR
                   HYDE
               



            , 


               GUILTY Of stealing but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
