





714. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     CUNNINGHAM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of June
, one silver pint mug, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Aubrey
                  




               
            , Esq
;


                  CHARLES
                   READ
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Aubrey, on the 11th of June I had just brought the tray up to lay the cloth, and I saw the man go down the area steps, and this other witness came up to me and I went to the window, and I saw him come up in half a minute and less, I pursued him and took him, I found nothing upon him, he said he was not the party, he had been on a message.
Are you sure the prisoner is the same man? - Yes, I am sure he was the man that went down the area steps.
Was the mug ever found? - No, I saw it not a minute before stand on the table in the servants hall, when I took him he said he had been on a message, and had stopped to drink a pint of porter which made him run so, and if I would go to his master, his master would come back with me, so I consented to go with him to Drury-lane to his master, and when I came there I said where does your master live, he said oh just here a little further, and then he attempted to get away from me, and he went down a little bit of a court, he said his master lived at the corner, and he went down and he turned round and says to a man that stood there, here Tom I want to speak to you, I said he should not, he said he would, and he went into a door and there was a woman laid in bed, and he began putting his hands into the bed, I said you shall not; and when he came out he run away, and there came ten or fifteen dirty women about me, and no body came to my assistance but one of the runners to Litchfield-street came and took him, and found nothing upon him.
Mr. Peatt, Prisoner's Counsel. Did you ever see the prisoner before? - No.
You was laying the cloth? - Yes.
You was very attentive I suppose? - No, I was preparing the cloth, I saw his face when he went down and when he came up.
How long had the area door been open? - All the day.
How long was he out of your sight before you caught hold of him? - About five or six minutes.
Then you went out and pursued a man that was making speed on his business? - Yes, I took that man.
He was very desirous of getting rid of you? - Yes.


                  FRANCIS
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the Rev. Mr. Rosenhasen, I saw the prisoner come up the steps of the area, and put his hand into his right hand coat pocket, that was the prisoner, I saw him perfectly, he turned his face and run away.
Mr. Peatt. Did you ever see the prisoner before? - No.
Was not you servant once to a certain house in the vicinity of Covent-Garden? - I was a servant at Scott's hotel.
Prisoner. Was not you at the Sessions House Clerkenwell-green last Monday, and saw a young man there, and said he was the young man that robbed his master, and he was bailed out.
Court. Did you ever charge another man with the fact? - No, my Lord, I said in a joke, I believe that man is like ours.
Court. Have you any friends? - Yes.
The Prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
