





541. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MEYRICK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of July
, a cotton gown and petticoat, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Hill
               




            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HILL
               



             sworn.
I found the prisoner concealed in a doorway, in Sir 
               
                  Christopher
                   Sykes
               



            's house, in Seymour-street; the door opens into the servant's hall; on the 30th of July, between six and seven in the evening; my wife has the care of the house and furniture; I seized upon him, and gave him good words, and bad words; he said, he was a gentleman; he did at one time say, he had served his time to a cutler in Bond-street; I dragged him in the passage, and called my wife, and asked her how he came into the house; and there was a new gown, and petticoat with it, moved six yards into an open passage, six yards from the bed-chamber; he offered to fight me; I sent for a constable, and he was apprehended, and taken to Poland-street office.
Had you been out that afternoon? - I went out about half past eight in themorning, and came home between five and six in the evening and found this man there, about an hour after.


                  ELIZABETH
                   HILL
               



             sworn.
I saw my gown and petticoat laying by a dark wall; it had been before in the butler's pantry; I saw it at three in the afternoon of that day; it was laying five or six yards from the pantry door; my husband had been come home about an hour.
Court to Prosecutor. Where was you going when you found this man? - I was going to water my flowers.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to enquire for one 
               
                  William
                   Jones
               



            ; and I knocked at this door, and a person came up the area steps; I asked him; he said, I had better go down and ask; I met this gentleman; I told him, I wanted one 
               
                  William
                   Jones
               



            ; he bid me come in, and said, I wanted to rob the house; he searched me, and found nothing upon me; then he called for his wife, and she came and said, something was missed.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
