





714. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HASLEM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th day of September
 last, three looking-glasses in mahogany frames, value 5 s. twenty-four black lead pencils, value 7 s. 6 d. seven glasses for spectacles, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Mountford
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wilkins
                        



                     
                  , on the premises
            .


                  RICHARD
                   MOUNTFORD
               



             sworn.
This is my property, it was stolen from my shop; as we are in the wholesale trade, we always make a rule to number one in half a dozen, or whatever the number is; unfortunately for the prisoner here is the one on which the number is: the black lead pencils are made by Mr. Middleton, he always marks them for our use, when we call over the orders, we take off that mark and put on our own; the prisoner was my porter
, he was lodged and boarded in the house with me, ever since the 26th of April last, he had access to all these articles.


                  ROBERT
                   HOLLAND
               



             sworn.
I found the things mentioned in the indictment in the yard, which were claimed by Colbeck.
- COLBECK sworn.
You remember Mr. Holland asking you about these glasses that were in the yard? - Yes, I acknowledged to have placed them there, the prisoner left them with me.
For what purpose? - He desired I would take care of them, and he would call for them.
- MIDDLETON sworn.
Identifies the pencils, having put the mark on them, which he does not for any body else.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I bought these things of one Wynne, who lived at the half moon in Smithfield.
Prisoner's Council. My Lord, Wynne is dead, but I shall call people to prove the transaction between the prisoner and him.



                  ELEANOR
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
Was you servant to one Wynne in Smithfield? - Yes, I was.
How long was you servant to him? - About four years, he has been dead ever since last June; I did not leave the place till he was dead; his relations came and took away the things; I know the prisoner, I saw him at my master's apartment about two months before he died.
Had you any conversation with your master about the prisoner?
Court. That is not evidence.
Did he receive any thing from your master? - I believe he did.
Did you see him? - Yes, I have seen him receive things, but they were in bundles, I cannot say what they contained.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
