





502. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     GREEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 13th of August
 last, one hundred and fifty iron hoops, value 6 l. and six hundred weight of iron, value 6 l.
             the goods and chattles of our Lord 
               
the King





            .
A second Count charges it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonas 
                     Hanway
                  



               
            , Esq
; and others.
A third Count charges it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Raby
                  



               
            .
A fourth Court charges it to be the property of persons unknown.
(The witnesses were examined apart, at the desire of the prisoner.)


                  JAMES
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
I am master Cooper of the Victualling-Office, I know Mr. 
               
                  Alexander
                   Raby
               



            ; he makes iron hoops for the Victualling-Office, I sent hoops of his make to the Red-House at Deptford, on the 12th of August, one hundred bundles, marked with the broad arrow, and the initial letters of his name.


                  CHARLES
                   KNIFE
               



             sworn.
I delivered ninety-two bundles, I did not count them before.


                  ANTHONY
                   ANDREWS
               



             sworn.
I took the tally of them, there was ninety-two when they were brought to the Red-house: the charge was for one hundred.


                  THOMAS
                   ROCK
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner between five and six in the morning of the 13th of August; I chased him all the way up to Arundel-stairs, I was on land, I thought he was a rogue; he had eight bundles of iron hoops; he went up in the Strand and got a cart, and put them in, I followed him to Leather-lane, he took three or four bundles into a man's house, and I collared him, and poked him into a public house, I do not know whose house, it was in Leather-lane; I suspected him because he did not row well.
Jury. So because he did not row well you thought he was a thief? - Yes I did.



                  WILLIAM
                   DUDLEY
               



             sworn.
Confirmed the testimony of the last witness.
Prisoner to Rock. Was not it at Surry-stairs ? - Arundel-stairs, upon my oath.


                  WILLIAM
                   SEASON
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner, and seized four bundles of hoops, I have had them since the 13th of August last.


                  JOSEPH
                   COWPER
               



             sworn.
I live in Leather-lane, the prisoner came to my house on the 13th of August, and asked me to buy some iron hoops, he said they were new ones; I told him I would have nothing to do with them, and I went out to give information. I did not see the hoops, they were in the cart; I did not like to buy any thing that was new: I suspected they were stolen.


                  GEORGE
                   RABY
               



             sworn.
I am brother to the gentleman that manufactured these hoops, they are my brother's make by the initials of his name.
(The hoops produced, and deposed to.)
Mr. Raby. They correspond exactly by the ends, the broad arrow is not on them.
Court. Do not you put the broad arrow on every part of the King's stores ? - No, my Lord, the broad arrow is put on them in the mill where they are rolled and made, if we were to put the broad arrow on them, it would cut them in two.
Court. Is the broad arrow on every one of these? - It should be, my Lord, admitting the broad arrow to be on them, I could not swear that they belonged to the crown, they are frequently rejected from the office.
Court. Till you do find the broad arrow it will not be deemed the property of the crown?
Mr. Young. I suppose fifty men could not do it.
Court. Can you find any broad arrow? - No, my Lord.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming up Line-house-reach, a man was coming with these iron hoops, he asked me to row him up, and then to lend him a hand into the cart, and follow the carman; I was very lame, he stopped at the half-moon in Brook's-Market, I took three or four out, they took me up, I desired to send for the man, they said no; a gentleman came by at the time, who is in court now.
Season. He said he hoped I would be as favourable as I could.
To Rock. Was any body else in the boat? - Nobody, nor at Arundel-stairs neither.
Jury. How could you keep sight of him, as you was upon land? - He could not row very fast against the tide, I lost sight of him several times.
For the PRISONER.


                  MATTHEW
                   PERKINS
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of Excise, I saw a mob in Leather-lane on the 13th of August, to the best of my remembrance; I knew the prisoner, he said the man that hired him was at a public-house just by, but the constable would not let him go. I offered any thing, and all the money I had, and even to leave my commission with the landlord, but they would not let him go.
Court. Did it never occur to you to ask the man's name? - I went about my business.
Did he tell you the public-house? - I think it was the half-moon, I cannot be sure.
Season. My Lord, I was the first that had him in custody, and there was no such offer.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character.
Jury to Mr. Young. Do you know that there were one hundred bundles delivered into the boat? - Yes, I can declare on a certainty from examining the clerk at the wharf's account, and the clerk of the cooperage.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .




               T. to America for seven years
            .
