





346. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LOYD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st day of February
, one wooden till, value 6 d. one half-guinea, value 10 s. 6 d. two half-crowns, value 5 s. and 20 s. in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  Samuul 
                  Kannadine
               




            .


                  MARY
                   BASTON
               



             sworn.
On the 21st of February, about half past ten o'clock, I was waiting at supper, on my mistress and her niece, and I saw, as I was removing the things, the prisoner rise from behind the counter, there was a glass partition, I was within the room; there were a dozen of candles in the shop: I told my mistress, and immediately opened the door and pursued the prisoner, I collared him when he was got out in the street about ten yards, he had just delivered something to another of his own size, who ran across the way, but what I cannot say; I said hold of him, I collared him, and said, what have you taken from behind the counter? then some gentlemen coming from the City Coffee-house surrounded us, but no person laid hold of him but myself, and I brought him back myself, and my mistress said the till was gone.


                  PETER
                   PLUMBTREE
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner and another man along with him in the street, about two or three seconds before the young woman seized him by the collar; he was a little distance before me; as near as I could judge they were exchanging something, and the other man stept over the way.


                  LYDIA
                   HOWE
               



             sworn.
I saw the till in the counter, before 
               
                  Mary
                   Baston
               



             gave the alarm, there were half-a-guinea, two half-crowns, and about ten shillings in money, there was no lock to it, and it was gone, I did not see the prisoner in the shop.
Prisoner. I live in Fore-street, I had bought a pair of shoes, and I was going to change them, and this woman laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
