






137. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LANGFORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th day of December

 last, 4 lb. weight of lead, value 9 s. 4 d. and thirty yards of ferret, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Welsford
                  



               
            .
Another Count, for stealing, on the 13th day of December last, 4 lb. weight of thread value 9 s. 4 d. and thirty yards of ferret, value 4 s. 6 d. the property of the said John Welsford.
Another Count, for stealing, on the 15th day of December last, the same goods, and one gross of metal plated buttons, value 4 s. 9 d. the property of the said John Welsford.
And 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ANNAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving them, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
The said 
               
                  John
                   Langford
               



             was also charged with stealing, on the 18th of December last, six ounces of twist, value 9 s. a gross of metal buttons, value 4 s. 9 d. fourteen ounces of white sewing silk, value 2 s. 6 d. the property of the said 
               
                  John
                   Welsford
               



            .
The said 
               
                  William
                   Annand
               



             was again charged for receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen.
The said 
               
                  John
                   Langford
               



             was also charged with stealing, on the 20th of December last, twelve ounces of twist, value 18 s. one pound of thread, value 2 s. six ounces of twist, value 8 s. one pound of other thread, value 2 s. 4 d. the property of the said 
               
                  John
                   Welsford
               



            .
And the said 
               
                  William
                   Annand
               



             was also charged with receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen.
The said 
               
                  John
                   Langford
               



             was also charged with stealing, on the 21st of December last, 2 lb. weight of silk twist, value 48 s. the property of the said 
               
                  William
                   Welsford
               



            .
And the said 
               
                  William
                   Annand
               



             was also charged with receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen.
The Case opened by Mr. Knowlys.
- JACKSON sworn.
I am foreman to Mr. Welsford; he has no partner; he deals in the articles of Manchester goods, buttons, silk, and twist
;his servants on the 11th of December last were, me, and Mr. Goldsmith, and the prisoner Langford; on the 11th of December, I found in the cellar, among some other papers, four pounds of thread, and a piece of six-penny ferret; and on Saturday, the 15th of December, I found a gross of plated breast buttons, No. 912, and another gross on the 17th, of the same number; they are an article that is pretty much made use of by the manufacturers, and it is a particular size, and they all lay together.
Where did you find these buttons? - In the cellar among the loose papers in the lower warehouse; these buttons were kept in the upper warehouse on the 15th and 17th; I took notice of them on the 15th; I also found a pound of thread; and on the 17th, there were three balls of twist with the buttons; in consequence of finding them there, I put a private mark on the thread, and likewise on the twist, but not on the buttons; I cannot tell the day I marked them; it was one of the days when I found them.
Look into your own memorandum, and fix on those parcels; what is that paper? - It is a copy of the original.
Where is the original? - I tore it.
We cannot suffer you to look at the copy.
Mr. Knowlys. Have you any recollection independent of the minutes you have made of the articles? - These are the samples that I received of Mr. Welsford yesterday; I gave them to him.


                  JOHN
                   WELSFORD
               



             sworn.
All that we want to know at present is; whether these are the same samples which the witness gave to you? - They are the same.
You have kept them ever since? - Yes.
Jackson. These are the samples of twist which I took from the balls of twist that I missed.
Upon which of these have you put your private mark? - I could not put on any mark, because it is twist, and they were in no papers.


                  JOHN
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I am one of the marshal-men; I went to Annand's house the 29th of December; Mr. Welsford and Mr. Jackson went with me; I found a number of articles which I have here.
Mr. Silvester. You found them among other goods I suppose? - Yes, Sir, in his shop.
What shop does he keep? - A haberdasher's; what they call a piece-broker's.
Mr. Knowlys. Did you observe what Annand did, when you went for these goods? - I found him behind the counter; the things were found in the shop; I was obliged to take him from behind the counter, because he made a snatch at one of the drawers where the buttons were, and the twist; and another drawer they pulled out themselves; that was the drawer he made a snatch at to take one of the marks off; he was very loth to shew them any thing; I advised them to look regularly round, and not to put things into disorder.
Mr. Silvester. He lives in Shoemaker's Row? - Yes.
When you went there, you thought he made a kind of snatch at the drawers in which they were? - There were a great many gross of buttons there.
How many bundles did you take? - Several bundles; I suppose half a dozen.
The threads were not among the buttons, nor the buttons among the thread? - No.
But every thing in the place where any other piece-broker would keep his goods? - Yes.
Mr. Knowlys to Jackson. Look at these things; is there any there that you marked? - This silk I marked with a knot, which I have tied with one of the skains, and here is another on this; and I have the skains which will match them likewise.

Mr. Sylvester. As to the colour you may match them at any haberdasher's? - The mark is a knot that I tied on one of the skains.
How did that enable you to know that from the other? - There was no knot on the other skain when I had it, I am clear in that; I examined it particularly before I knotted it, and there was no knot at all; none of the skains had any knot on them, before I knotted them; I cannot say whether I knotted one skain or two, nor whether I put one knot or more; I did not observe any knot when I looked into it.
Court. This will render your marks very uncertain indeed, for every skain on this head of silk has a knot.
The Foreman of the Jury. Every skain of silk is knotted on account of the dyer, but where there are two knots, it is a private mark.
Court to Jackson. Can you, on any recollection you have, state the mark you put on these articles of silk? - I put no other mark than specifying the colour, and tying the knotts; I took one of the skains off the head of silk, and I made a knot on the skain of silk, above that that was made by the dyer; I undid each head of silk, and I took a skain out of each head of silk; I am not clear whether I made one or two additional knotts.
Mr. Garrow. You do not know how many knots you made in a skain, nor how many skains you knotted? - No.
Then is it possible for you to swear by that mark, that these are the heads you knotted? - Yes.
Suppose there had been another head of silk having one skain or two with additional knots, could you distinguish it? - I could not tell it.
Then if you had found any head of silk of the same quality and colour to what you have missed, you would have supposed it to be the one that you have knotted? - Here is the sample, this head I know nothing of, only by the colour; I took this skain of silk out of Mr. Welsford's silk, which matched it; here is a head, but I do not recollect whether I matched it or not, I judge of it from the sample; this is a common colour much made use of now, and the other was made use of two or three years ago; here is another blue, which I do not recollect whether I knotted or not; I judge of it from the colour.
Mr. Knowlys. Have you any threads there? - Here is a pound of thread which has my private mark upon it; it is a kind of mark that when goods come in, we tick them off from the invoice; there are two marks, one a kind of tick, and I believe I made a mark with a pen; it is my mark, I know it; I marked these that I might know them again; the two marks were both put at the same time; I put the mark on at the time I found the goods; this purple thread was found at Annand's house; here is also some twist that I cut a piece off, the twist I made up in balls and pinned it up again; here are the bits that match, and here is a very particular colour; that is what we call a quaker's brown; there are more goods which I found, but I did not mark them at Annand's house; I have nothing else that I speak to from pen-marks, but that purple thread.
Where was it, and upon what occasion that you marked these things? - I cannot exactly tell; when the pound of thread was marked, there were seventeen pounds weight of thread taken at several times; I marked several, of which that is one; I marked them, in order that if they went out of the house I might know them again, if they were found; they were among the things in the cellar; I marked them in the cellar, and left them where I found them; here are a great number of buttons, but I cannot say any thing to the buttons, because they are not my marking.
What marks are on the buttons? - The price marks.
Who usually makes the price marks? - It is those that receive the goods into the house.
Mr. Welsford. They were marked byMr. Goldsmith; I know his mark, I can swear to it.
Mr. Knowlys. About what hour in the day was it that you discovered these things in the cellar? - Sometimes in the forenoon, and sometimes in the afternoon; when I missed them in the evening it was about seven or eight; the prisoner Langford was a porter to Mr. Welsford; I missed one of the articles one night in particular, on a Saturday night; he went into Holborn with a parcel; I saw the goods before he went, and when he was gone, I missed the goods; it was the Saturday, or the Saturday but one before Mr. Welsford came to town; he carried out a parcel for Mr. Welsford, who was then on his journey, and was sent to the George and Blue Boar inn, in Holborn; Mr. Welsford lives No. 9, Lad-lane; he was sent out about seven; I followed him to see where he went to; he came back between eight and nine; he was gone about an hour and half; that Saturday was about eight or nine days before Mr. Welsford came to town; he came home on the Christmas eve, and this was the Saturday before that.
Had you on that day, before he went seen any goods in that cellar, and marked them? - Yes, I am sure of that, not above half an hour before he went out.
Can you recollect what kind of goods those were? - I think they were threads and buttons; I am not clear; I followed him out, to see where he went to, but I could not find him.
Have you any particular recollection applied to any other particular day? - No, none but that Saturday.
You sent him? - I asked him who he had given the parcel to; He told me he had given it to the coachman who was on the box going off, and the bill was given back to have the parcel put in it; I did not ask him any thing about his staying, any further than that.
Did you go down at any time when Langford was at home, to see if any of the goods in the cellar were missing? - When he was at home I saw the goods below; when he was gone out in the evening, the goods were gone; that was generally the case every other night, and that was the case on the Saturday I speak off; I cannot recollect the other days of the month.
Did you ever see Langford and Kimber together, after Kimber had left your service? - Yes.
Where did you see them together? - I have seen them in Lad-lane together, as I have been passing, but I did not take particular notice; Kimber has been at our house to match several times, since he left our house; I have seen them at different other places, in the course of my going backwards and forwards.
Mr. Sylvester. You are a shopman to Mr. Welsford? - Warehouseman.
He is a very capital warehouseman in Lad-lane? - We do a good deal of business.
Who serves in the shop besides you? - There is one Mr. Goldsmith besides me, nobody else but Mr. Welsford, and the porter, he might reach an article by our orders.
I suppose if I was to send to Mr. Welsford's shop, I could match this clue? - I cannot tell; you might find something near it; I do not know but you might match it to a shade; I do not know that you could match it any where else.
Now as to the thread, when you tick off the number of the parcels, do you tick them from the invoice? - We do not mark them, they are wrapped up in a dozen at a time.
So if I want a pound of thread, you would serve me with this? - Yes; if you had asked for a pound of thread, I should have given you that.
With respect to this Saturday? - I believe it was the 15th.
You have also been seen with Kimber, I believe? - Yes.
He came there to match goods? - Yes.
Mr. Welsford. I went to Annand's by virtue of a warrant; we looked for thethread, and among a number of pounds of thread, we found this particular pound of thread; Jackson immediately said, this is one of the pounds of thread, which I found concealed in the lower warehouse; that was in the hearing of Annand; after that we asked to look at the silk, which Annand was very unwilling to produce, and we found the several heads which are here, which correspond with the patterns.
Did Annand shew you them? - I believe at last he pulled out the papers himself; I believe so, but I am not sure; there we found this scarlet match, that is what we matched after we had matched the twist balls; we matched every one that we had patterns to look for; then I desired to see the button drawer, which he was very unwilling to pull out; I believe I pulled it out myself; then the first I saw was this No. 919; there was my mark on it, and the prisoner Annand being very near me tore it off; I wrote this at the time I saw him do it; I desired the marshalman to take him away, or else he would tear off the marks of all; I found all these buttons with my shop mark upon them; it is in Goldsmith's hand-writing, which I know clearly, and Goldsmith will prove it.
Did Annand deal with you? - Never in my life to my knowledge; I have called upon him with goods, I have called upon him for orders, but he said I sold my goods too dear.
Mr. Garrow. I believe when you got Langford into custody you threatened him? - I do not recollect any such thing, nor any promise.
Was that made by Mr. Welch in your presence? - I do not recollect any threat or promise made by Mr. Welch, I charged him with robbing me of these particular articles; I said, we are in possession of the knowledge of it; you may see by these banks of silk, these were taken off from the heads that were concealed in the lower warehouse; it was on Friday after Christmas-day; he denied the fact at that time; and Mr. Welch said, Mr. Welsford, you may as well call up the constable, which I was going to do; and as I opened the door, then he said I will confess.
Had not you told him before he confessed that it would be more favourable if he told you? - I have no recollection of any such thing either one way nor the other.
- WELCH sworn.
I was present; I told the man there appeared very strong suspicions of his guilt, and also from what Annand said; and I told him he had better be candid, and tell the whole truth; and I believe, if I had not bid Mr. Welsford call up the constable, he would not have confessed at all.
Court. Then after that I cannot hear what Langford said.
Mr. Knowlys. Did you take up any body else? - I took up Kimber.
Mr. Garrow. I believe Kimber was examined, and committed for trial? - Yes, there was an application made to the Court to examine him as a witness.
You buy your buttons to make a profit on them? - No doubt on it.
Therefore, any other man who can buy them of the manufacturer, buys them cheaper than he can have them of you? - Yes.
No. 919 means the size and quality of the buttons? - Certainly.
If I was a button maker, I should have a like card of buttons, with a like number? - Yes.
Your shop-mark is the price-mark? - Yes.
When you sell a gross together, you sell them with the price marked upon them? - Yes.
If I wanted to buy a gross of you, I should have them with the mark upon them, as well as 919? - In general you would; we found the thread first.
Then the papers of silk were produced to you? - Yes.
That was before the buttons were found? - Yes.

Suppose you were to match them for me, would not you have done it? - Yes, there were many other balls there; I do not think I could have matched any of the patterns a second time.
The buttons are the common sizes? - There are different sizes.
Who is your manufacturer? - A man at Birmingham.


                  JESSE
                   GOLDSMITH
               



             sworn.
Do you know that mark? - Yes, it is my own hand writing; I am servant to Mr. Welsford; this is the package, No. 919.
Which do you swear to as your handwriting? - It is this, the R. it is our own shop mark.
Court. Under the 919? - It is on the flat part, the 919 is here, on the edge.
Look at this parcel? - This is my mark; there is a D. that is my mark also; this is my mark, L Y.
Mr. Garrow. You have sold a great many gross of them with that mark upon them? - No doubt but I have.
That is the price mark? - Yes.
Court. Did you ever sell any to Annand? - I never heard of his name till this circumstance.
Mr. Garrow. Kimber came to the shop to match goods? - He did.
Mr. Silvester. You would serve me? - We very seldom have ready money customers; we might oblige you with a gross of buttons.
Jury. We wish to see the gross of buttons which the mark is torn from.


                  ROBERT
                   KIMBER
               



             sworn.
Mr. Knowlys. Tell us all that you know about this business; and mind, that you tell the truth.
Mr. Garrow. The gentleman says you have been a bad boy, therefore, begin to amend.
Mr. Knowlys. He has been a bad boy to be sure.
Do you know the prisoner Langford? - Yes, I left Mr. Welsford's service about five months.
Do you know Annand? - Yes.
Did the prisoner Langford live with him at the same time you lived with him? - Yes.
Tell us what you know of Langford and Annand? - Langford, a fortnight before I came away, gave me some goods out of the warehouse; I do not rightly recollect the month.
Tell us what goods you received of him the last month? - I do not rightly recollect what goods I received of him last month.
You were taken up, you know? - Yes.
Tell us what you know of these goods, and where you had them from? - I had them from 
               
                  John
                   Langford
               



            ; I disposed of them to 
               
                  William
                   Annand
               



             a fortnight before I left Mr. Welsford's service.
Did you ever get any thread, silk, twist, and buttons? - Yes.
When did you get them? - In the course of five months, at different times.
Did you get any within two or three weeks of the time you was taken up? - I got some within the week I was taken up; I had four pounds of thread from 
               
                  John
                   Langford
               



            ; I sold it to William Annand for two shillings a pound.
What sort of thread was it? - It was the best sort of thread; it cost half a crown.
Did Langford tell you how he came by it? - Yes, he said he took them out of his master's warehouse; he told me he used to conceal the things he got under the papers in the lower warehouse.
Did you buy them of Langford? - No, Sir, I took them of him, and sold them to 
               
                  William
                   Annand
               



            , and gave Langford half the money.
Did you ever sell any to any body else but Annand? - No.
How came you to pitch upon him? - I was directed to him by one 
               
                  Richard
                   Anderson
               



            ; I began to deal with him before I left Mr. Welsford.
How did you introduce yourself to him? - I went in, and asked him if he wouldbuy the goods I had with me; that was a piece of dimity.
What did he say? - He said yes, he would.
Did he ask any questions how you came by it? - No, Sir.
Did you tell him any thing more? - I did not say any thing more to him; he bought it without any questions; I do not recollect I told him any thing about it.
Did you ever tell him any thing about Langford? - No.
Did you tell him where you lived? - No.
Never at any time? - No.
Did he ever, at any time, ask you any questions how you came by them? - No.
What were the goods you used to sell to him? - Silk, twist, thread and buttons.
Did he ask you any questions who you were; or any thing of that sort? - No, Sir, none at all.
Did you go there frequently? - About twice a week.
You lived with Mr. Welsford about four months? - Yes.
Had you, at that time, an opportunity of knowing the prices of these things? - Yes; he gave me 16 s. a pound for such silk as this.
How much a gross for the buttons? - Three shillings, and four shillings.
When did you sell the last parcel of goods to Annand? - I think it was Christmas Eve.
Do you recollect what that was? - Four pounds of thread.
Do you recollect any other time in particular before Christmas Eve, of receiving any goods from Langford, or selling them? - Yes; on Friday, the week before, I received some.
Do you recollect ever receiving any of a Saturday? - No, I cannot say I do.
Do you happen to know, of your own knowledge, whether Langford ever went to Annand's himself? - No, Sir, I do not; he never went with me.
Should you know any of the things that you sold; I do not think I should.
Mr. Knowlys. What time of day did you generally go to Annand's? - About eight in the evening.
Jury. I wish the witness to be asked whether he sold the heavy dye and the light dye at the same price? - They were all sold at the same price, 16 s. altogether.
Are the buttons all breast buttons? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow. This is an unexpected pleasure to you to get into this part of the Court? - It is.
How long have you been in Newgate? - About a week.
They talked of sending you to Botany for seven years; did not they? - I was afraid so.
So you are swearing now to get yourself out of the scrape? - Yes.
Now my honest friend, these articles are bought frequently in a piece-broker's shop? - Yes.
Did you use to go there to buy pins and needles? - I have bought needles.
Did not you represent yourself to the prisoner Annand to be a distressed taylor? - Upon my oath I did not; I used sometimes to buy a halfpennyworth of needles; I never represented myself to this man to be a taylor; I used to buy needles because I used them myself in mending my own clothes and shirts, I never bought more than a half-pennyworth of needles in the whole.
Did not they tell you, that unless you could charge Annand, you would be hanged or transported? - No.
You was a thief as long as you could, and then you turned receiver? - I never stole any thing.
You did not tell your master what was going forwards? - No.
You set this man on to rob him? - Yes.
If you do not go this time, you will go soon? - I will take care not to do any thing to go.
Court. Take care, if ever you are caughttripping, you will certainly forfeit your life, and expect no favour.
Mr. Knowlys to Welsford. What is the value of this silk? - These are twenty-six shillings, and the others thirty shillings a pound.
What is the thread worth? - Two shillings and sixpence.
What are the buttons worth a gross? - Four shillings and sixpence they cost me.


                  JAMES
                   SAVAGE
               



             sworn.
What business are you? - A warehouseman; dealing in these articles now before you.
Has Annand ever purchased any thing of you? - Nothing; but I lived a servant in a house some time back where Annand purchased silk and twist.
How long ago is that? - It is a year since.
Mr. Garrow. Then it is an article he dealt in? - Yes; the price of silk is varying; I suppose it was worth about 24 s. when I purchased.
Jury. Has the price risen or fallen since that time? - The price has rather advanced since that.
PRISONER LANGFORD's DEFENCE.
I am not guilty.
PRISONER ANNAND's DEFENCE.
I gave the market-price for all the goods I have in my shop.
- POTTER sworn.
I am a stock-broker; I have known Mr. Annand about nine years; I never heard any thing against him but this in my life; I have given him several hundred pounds credit without ever taking a note of hand.
Mr. Knowlys. Did you ever appear at any place to give him a character before? - Never; I never heard any thing against him.
The Jury retired for some time, and returned with a verdict,


                  JOHN
                   LANGFORD
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   ANNAND
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Court to Prisoners. You have both been convicted upon very clear and satisfactory evidence. As to you 
               
                  John
                   Langford
               



            ; you have been convicted of a felony aggravated by a breach of trust; by robbing that master, whose property it was your duty to have preserved from others: the sentence of the Court on you is, to be transported beyond the seas, for the term of seven years; if you had been capitally convicted, I should not have thought it right to have recommended you to the mercy of the Crown. As to you 
               
                  William
                   Annand
               



            ; you have been convicted on the most satisfactory evidence, of an offence of a most dangerous kind; for these unfortunate people would have no encouragement or temptation to rob their masters and others in this manner, if it was not for the ready vent that they find for these articles from people more wicked than themselves; and your carrying on a traffic of this kind, under a colour of keeping a shop of this kind, can only operate as an addition of your guilt: you have gone on from time to time for a number of months together, buying goods so often as twice a week, from a person, who had no possible means of coming honestly by them, and at a price you knew to be greatly under their value; your shop was a ready mart to every person acquainted with it, for the disposal of stolen property; therefore it is highly necessary for the safety of the public, that you yourself should be removed from society; and that by your example, others should take warning; and the sentence of the Court upon you, is; that you be transported for fourteen years.
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
