






1013. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STOCKDALE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 8th of September
 last, one base metal watch, value 40 s. one brilliant diamond ring, set in gold, value 40 l. two gold watches, inside and outside cases made of gold, value 25 l. two gold chains, value 8 l. one diamond locket set in gold, value 15 l. a pair of paste knee buckles, value 30 s. three pictures set in gold, value 3 l. two gold lockets, value 30 s. one pair of silver buckles, value 30 s. one gold ring, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Priestman
                        




                     
                  , being part of the goods stolen by one 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Hulett
                     



                  , and for which he was at the last Sessions tried and convicted, knowing the same to have been stolen
            .
The record of the conviction of 
               
                  Joseph
                   Hulett
               



             read by 
               
                  Edward
                   Reynolds
               



            , Esq; and examined by the Court.


                  WILLIAM
                   PRIESTMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Princes-street, Leicester-fields; I lost some goods, which I searched for and could not find, the goods were to the amount of six hundred and twenty pounds.
Can you yourself, Mr. Priestman give any account? - I went to one of the prisoner's lodgings in Oxford-street, about three days after I missed these things, and there I found a gold watch, chain, and seals, and a pearl locket, and various other things that are in this box; they were locked up in a large chest: a paragraph having appeared in the paper that I had been robbed, two people applied to me in the morning, and informed me.
Court. Did he ever acknowledge that lodging to be his? - Not in my hearing.
How did you acquire the knowledge of the lodging being his? - By the information of two gentlemen.
Did you ever see the prisoner in your shop? - Twice, I think.
Who was he acquainted with there? - Nobody as I imagined; but I asked Hulett the apprentice, as I came into the shop one morning, three or four months before the robbery, and Stockdale was standing in the shop, and as soon as he saw me he moved off very quickly, I asked the boy who he was; one time I remember his coming in when I was in the shop, and on seing me he started and asked for something which I had not, and he turned round and went out of the shop, and I then asked the boy who he was: I sold the watch some years ago to a gentleman, and it was pledged with me about two years ago, I am sure it had been in my shop, and had not been parted with after it was pledged; I have not a doubt about the locket.


                  GRACE
                   REX
               



             sworn.
I live in Oxford-street; the prisoner on the second of March last took a lodging of me, he continued the lodging, I kept the box till the things were taken, I cannot say how long he slept there, he had only one little room, I was present when the house was searched, that was not his room, but the box was moved out of his room into ours, it was his box, I am sure I saw this watch taken out.


                  JOHN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I lived with Mr. Priestman in September, Hulett was his apprentice, I have seen the prisoner several times of a morning and he has lain there three or four times, and it was in company with Hulett, he laid in the shop behind the counter.
Court. You lay in the shop too? - Yes.
Hulett and he were very intimate acquaintances? - Yes.


                  THOMAS
                   WHITFIELD
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Priestman, Hulett did not live there then, he had lived with him, but he used to come there for his meals, I went to the prisoner's lodgings on the 8th of September, I was there when they searched, and there I found this diamond locket, and this ring.
Court. How do you know these lodgings belonged to Stockdate? - From the information we had from himself, he was with us and he acknowledged them to be his lodgings, I found a diamond locket and a gold ring, Mr. Perry had the locket from him, the ring was found in the pocket of a pair of breeches; I saw him give it to Mr. Perry.
(The things deposed to by Mr. Priestman.)


                  Thomas
                   Whitfield
               



            . They have been kept in a drawer in the shop that is never locked up, but they have been sealed up since.


                  MARTHA
                   KESTER
               



             sworn.
I live the corner of Sherrard-street; I know the prisoner, he lodged with me about three months, and at the time he was taken; I was not in the room when his lodgings were searched.
Prisoner. I wish to ask him, whether he did not hold Hewlet's waistcoat while I took it out of his pocket, his clothes were at my house, for he lay there that night himself I understood.
Whitfield. He gave me this gold watch, chain, and seals, and told me to give it to Mr. Priestman.
(Priestman deposed to these things.)


                  SAMUEL
                   SHELLEY
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner, he brought a ring to me about the middle of August, he said he came from his master; a young man called in the morning, who said he should send his servant in the afternoon; the prisoner did not say who his master was; his master called in the afternoon, he brought a diamond ring, and desired I would give the value for it; I gave thirty-five pounds for it.
Look at it Sir? - It has been out of my hands, I cannot pretend to say this is the ring now, I did not make any mark upon it, I believe I gave it to Mr. Priestman.
Court to Priestman. Has that ring been in your possession ever since? - No, it has not, I have delivered it to the owner, and received it back again.
Is he here? - No.
Had you any mark upon it? - No.
Priestman. Mr. Shelley might swear to it.
Mr. Shelley. It looks much like the ring I think, they are very good diamonds.
Priestman. I have not a doubt of it, I can swear positive.
- BARKER sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Beauchamp in Holborn, the prisoner pledged a gold watch for seven guineas, I do not know what day, I believe it was in August, I have a memorandum of it; he said it was his own watch, and he gave twenty pounds for it to the maker; I said it was a good price: this watch has the same name upon it now.
Court to Shelley. Do you remember whether the prisoner brought you the ring, or called for payment of it afterwards? - He brought the ring, and said he brought it from his master; I did not pay him then, I paid him the next day when he called again.
Barker. I have a memorandum of the name and number, the number is 107, and I remember this seal with the head of Voltaire upon it, I can swear to the seal.
What did you do with the watch that Stockdale brought, was it delivered to Mr. Priestman? - Yes.
By who? - By me.
Mr. Priestman. This is the watch that was delivered to me last Sessions.
Court to Barker. What name did he pledge it in? - In the name of Simpson.
(This watch deposed to by Mr. Priestman.)
- PERRY sworn.
I went to the lodgings of Stockdale in Sherrard-street, I found there this locket and ring; a diamond locket concealed between the bed and mattrass, and the ring I took out of his hand; he did not seem to conceal them from me; I can swear to these things with certainty, because they were sealed up by Mr. Priestman: they are the articles I found there.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Mr. Perry took them both out of my hand; my trial came on without my knowledge; Mr. Garrow will state my case.
Mr. Garrow. My Lord, the witnesses to the prisoner's character on the former trial were very respectable, and were people of great consequence.
Mr. James. I can only say on the part of the prosecution, that we shall have no objection to his having the benefit of his former character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
