





37. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SNOWDEN
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hindes
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 22d day of October
 last, and putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, one silver watch, value 40 s. a steel chain, value 2 d. a brass watch-key, value 2 d. a stone seal set in gold, value 5 s. his property.
            



                  THOMAS
                   HINDES
               



             sworn.
This boy
 ran against me with violence, as far as his strength could, he rather overpowered me with his head and shoulders, and my watch was gone in an instant, so he made a retreat rather, and I pursued him and seized him about three yards off.
Did he take your watch or any body else? - That very boy.
You saw him take your watch? - Yes, he dropt the watch, a gentleman present saw him drop it, and he put it into his pocket, it was between eleven and twelve o'clock, in Rosemary-Lane


.


                  JOHN
                   COURT
               



             sworn.
I saw this transaction, and he had not gone far before I got hold of him, I saw the chain in his hand, with the watch hanging out.
Was the street crouded? - No, I was alongside of Mr. Hindes walking with him, and the boy was taking into custody.
(The watch produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I saw a great mob, I ran up to it, and I saw two boys; one ran one way, and one ran another, and this gentleman laid hold of me directly, and said I was the lad; I know no more of it than the child unborn.
Prosecutor. There was no boy nearer than him, I am sure that is the boy; I believe he robbed me once before.
Court. How old is the boy? - Fifteen.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not of the robbery
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
