





71. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of December
, one cloth great coat, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cunningham
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   CUNNINGHAM
               



             sworn.
I live in Hatton court: on the 5th of this month, I lost a great coat; I hung it up in the Carolina coffee-house, about six in the evening; I missed it in about an hour and a half; I went up the further end of the room; I heard a bustle, and went to see what was the matter; I saw Mr. Harper, the master of the coffee-house, have hold of the prisoner, and my great coat then lay at the prisoner's feet.


                  JOHN
                   CHAMBERS
               



             sworn.
I am the waiter at the Carolina coffee-house; I saw the prisoner come into the coffee-room, on Tuesday, the 5th of this month, a quarter past seven, with an umbrella in his hand; he asked me for a glass of brandy and water, which I served him with, and he paid me immediately; he drank a part of it by the fire; and then he went and set in one of the boxes; he sat there some considerable time; then he moved into the box, where the great coats hung.
Did you see the great coat hanging there before? - Yes.
Did you know whose it was? - Having some suspicion of him, I was determined to pay attention to him; and I saw him, about five minutes after, draw the coat off a curtain rod where it hung; there were two or three other great coats; he left the great coat at the end of the bench; afterwards he got up, and walked to the fire place, and looked about him, and seeing no person about the fire, he went in again.
Where was you? - I was behind the door, looking through a glass door for the purpose of watching him; when he had been in the box about a minute, he came out with a great coat rolled up under his arm; he had no great coat on when he came in; and I came from behind the door and caught him; I asked him what business he had with that coat; he signified that it must be a mistake; my master came up immediately, and caught hold of him, and sent for a constable, and he was secured.
Was he a customer of yours? - He had been two or three times before; the reason I suspected him was, a gentleman had lost his great coat about the same time; I should know the great coat again.


                  WILLIAM
                   HITCHCOCK
               



             sworn.
I have the great coat. (Produced and deposed to.) I am beadle of Cornhill ward; Mr. Harper gave me charge of the prisoner; he did not deny it.
Prisoner. I had no intention of taking the coat; I was going to take it to the bar.

Court to Harper. In his way from the box where you saw him, to the place where the coats were, was he obliged to pass by your bar? - Yes; I saw the prisoner take up the great coat, and go towards the door.
Did he tell you at that time that he was coming to the bar to give it you? - No.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
