





588. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     COX
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th day of August
 last, one quart pewter pot, value eightteen-pence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Billinger
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BILLINGER
               



             sworn.
I keep a public house
 in the Broad-way, Westminster


, the Three Tuns; on the 24th of August I took the prisoner with my pot.
- BARRETT sworn.
The prisoner was my lodger, he came in the profession of a taylor
; he used to go out early in the morning to work, as he told me, and came in late at night, and was blowing up a very strong fire; I suspected the man, and went up into his room, and saw five pint pots; I went up next day and saw seven, or eight, or nine, there were four under the bed, and five in the closet; on the 20th I went up and found a vast number of pints, in the whole twenty; on the Monday I was determined to have the man taken up; I went to different publicans, whose names I took down, and told them I desired they would meet at the Crown and Anchor, Seven Dials, at seven in the evening; two of them met, and staid there till half afternoon when I informed them the man's judge would begin to melt at eleven, we then took coach, and went just opposite, then I took these people over one by one where the man was; in a quarter of an hour the man began to make a fire as usual, and blew-very much; I then desired Mr. Lucas, who was then acting constable, to go up stairs, and sit upon the top of the stairs till the man began to melt; it was about twelve before he began to melt, as he called it; he called it making of broth. This woman that is admitted as an evidence, was in the room with him; Lucas then forced in and found him, and upon a chair was found two quart pots, and three more in the room; we found no more than these five: the man was then taken to St. Giles's round-house for the night; the next morning he was taken before Justice Walker, and examined: the pots are here.
(The pots deposed to by Mr. Billinger.)
Prisoner. I found them in the street, and I took them home, not knowing whom they belonged to; I should have taken them home in the morning.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
