





243. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
 last, two linen sheets, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Tooley
                        




                     
                  , being in a certain room, in a dwelling house of the said Richard, let to him by contract, to be used as a lodging room by the said Thomas, against the statute
            .


                  RICHARD
                   TOOLEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Grub-street


; I let out lodgings; I let the prisoner the lodgings about nine months past; he was to pay two shillings and sixpence a week; I lost a pair of sheets about the 26th of July; he went away the day before I missed them; he owed me six shillings and sixpence for rent, and never returned any more till I took him; I never had any conversation with him about the sheets; I found them at the pawnbroker's; we missed them out of the room the day after he was gone; the sheets are here now.
Do you know the marks? - My wife does.


                  ELIZABETH
                   TOOLEY
               



             sworn.
I am wife to the last witness; the prisoner lodged with us about two months; he went away about the 26th of July.
Had he paid his rent? - He had not; we did not miss the sheets till the day after he went away; I saw them in the hands of Mrs. Moore, a pawnbroker, or her servant.
Have they any mark? - One of them is eaten by the rats; and the other is made one part with fine thread, and the other part with coarse; I believe it was five months after they were stolen before I saw them at the pawnbroker's.


                  SARAH
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Moore, pawnbroker, in White-cross-street; I have seen the prisoner several times at our house before he brought the sheets.
When did he bring them? - The 26th of July.
Did you take any notice particularly of them? - Yes, one was gnawed by the rats, and the other was one half fine thread, and the other coarse; I lent the prisoner one shilling upon each.
Had he a duplicate? - No.


                  RICHARD
                   HOWARD
               



             sworn.
I am constable of Cripplegate; I went with Tooley on the 23d of January into Chick-lane, and found the prisoner, and took him in custody.
(The sheets produced and deposed to by Mrs. Tooley.)
Mrs. Tooley. They are both my sheets.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I left every thing in the room when I left the lodgings; when I was taken up I asked him what his demands were; he told me nineteen shillings would clear me of the whole; when I was at Guildhall, I asked him before witnesses, what his demandwas, then he said, twenty-six shillings.
(Richard Howard called again.)
Court. Did you hear the prosecutor ask any money of the prisoner, or make any demand of the prisoner in your presence, or at Guildhall? - No, my Lord, he never did at any time in my hearing.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
