





230. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ANDERSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Bickerstaff
                        



                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 5th of January
, and putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, a cotton handkerchief, value 2 d. and six pounds weight of butter, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Bickerstaff
                        



.


                  EDWARD
                   BICKERSTAFF
               



             sworn.
I am fifteen the 15th of this month; a man stopped me, and snatched the bundle from me as I was going home to No. 2, in Union-street; this happened the corner of Newton-street, in Holborn


; I had a handkerchief with six pounds of butter, over my shoulder; my mother was behind; it was this day week when he came and snatched the bundle; I was rather frightened; he came behind me and shook it from my shoulder; he gave it a shake like.
Did he lay hold of it, or what did he do? - He laid hold of it and shook it, and then snatched it from me, out of my hand.
Did he do any thing to you? - No farther than snatching the bundle.
He offered no other violence to you? - No.
Did he say any thing to you? - No.
What did you do when he snatched it away? - He ran away, and I ran after him.
Did you overtake him? - No, he ran up a gateway; the first turning.
Did he get off altogether? - Yes, he got away, and ran into a yard, and got under some staircase; he was taken directly; I do not know who the man was that snatched it; I did not see him any farther than his back.
Who gave you this bundle to carry? - My mamma.


                  THOMAS
                   GROVES
               



             sworn.
I was getting in some timber at our timber yard, about eight in the evening; I heard the call of stop thief; I saw the prisoner running, and I pursued him directly down a gateway; I observed him turn rather short on the right hand; he stood under a staircase double, which goes up to the necessary; when I hallooed out here he is, he came out; I laid hold of him, and led him to the top of the yard; my shopmate brought down a candle; he asked Mrs. Bickerstaff what she had lost; and I saw the handkerchief and butter found, justby where the prisoner was standing; when he came out, he said, what have I done? what have I done? before I laid hold of him.


                  WILLIAM
                   SUTTON
               



             sworn.
I am shopmate along with Groves; I heard the cry of stop thief; I had a candle in my hand; I ran down this yard after my shopmate; the prisoner was before; I saw him turn into this staircase; I held the candle; he came out, and my shop-mate took hold of him; the gentlewoman was there; I said, what have you lost? she said, a handkerchief, and six pounds of butter; and just by where he stood, within five or six inches, there was this handkerchief and butter; we took the prisoner to the public house, and sent for Mr. Freeman; and delivered the handkerchief to him.


                  JOHN
                   BENNET
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of the office in Hyde-street; I was sent for, and took charge of the prisoner along with Mr. Freeman; Sutton gave this handkerchief to Mr. Freeman, and he gave it to me; the lady was in the tap room; and the prisoner begged the lady would forgive him, for he never had been guilty of such an offence before.
(The handkerchief deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I happened to be in the yard; I heard a noise in the street; I was going to do what was necessary; I never saw the handkerchief or butter.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not violently
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


