





564. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th day of April
 last, one muslin gown, value 10 s. one cotton gown, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jones
                        



                     
                  ; and one cotton gown, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Esther 
                           Clark
                        



.


                  John
                   Jones
               



             deposed the things were hanging up to dry, and when he returned, he was informed the things were taken.


                  JOHN
                   SEARS
               



             sworn.
I belong to the Governor of Tothil-fields Bridewell; I met the prisoner and two other men that were with him in St. Martin's court; I saw a bundle under one of the other men's coats; I turned back the coat of the prisoner, and asked him what he had in that bundle; he immediately rushed out of my hands, and ran about one hundred yards; I ran after him, and caught him, and a man that was with me caught hold of the bundle.
(The things deposed to.)


                  WILLIAM
                   PICKERING
               



             sworn.
I am constable of the parish of Saint James's, we were out the 29th of April, it was search night; going through the broad part of St. Martin's court, I was alarmed with the cry of stop thief; I immediately made towards that part, and saw the prisoner running very fast, with a bundle under his arm; I seized the bundle, and Sears secured the prisoner.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Coming along King-street, Westminster, about ten o'clock, just at the bottom of Gardener's lane there was a coach coming by, and the door came open and the bundle rolled out, and I took it up.



               GUILTY
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
