





348. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ANDERSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
, three linen shirts, value 3 s. a cotton gown, value 2 s. a dimity petticoat, value 2 s. a child's cotton frock, value 6 d. two linen table cloths, value 2 s. a linen towel value 4 d. a linen pillow-case, value 2 d. a cotton waistcoat, value 10 d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 12 d. a linen handkerchief, value 2 d. a linen cap, value 1 d. a linen child's shift, value 2 d. a black silk bonnet, value 6 d. and a cloth clock, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Whiting
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   WHITING
               



             sworn.
I live in Virginia-street


; on Saturday the 26th of April, as I was going into myown house, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner coming out with a large bundle in her apron; I asked the person in the first floor, if any body had been to her; she said, no; I said then I was robbed; I ran after her, and asked her what she wanted; she said, she only knocked at the door; I told her, I saw her come out of the house; and desired her to walk back with me; which she did; I insisted upon seeing what she had; and I found my things upon her; she cried, and said, if I would let her go, she would not come near the house any more; I and some of my neighbours took her up to the Justices.


                  JOSEPH
                   WEST
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; the prosecutrix came to me and told me, she missed a cloak and bonnet, besides what she found; I went to Newgate to her, and found them upon her.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My friends live at Bristol; I did take the things; I thought I had better do that, than be a common prostitute.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


