





821. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SMITH
                  , otherwise 
BROWN, otherwise 
ROWLES




            , was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John Stephen 
                           Schnitker
                        




                     
                  , between the hours of eleven and three in the night of the 15th of May
 last, and burglariously stealing therein one green cloth coat, value 5 s. one linen waistcoat, value 2 s. one pair of nankeen breeches, value 3 s. and one pair of gloves, value 2 d. his property
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)


                  JOHN
                   STEPH. SCHNITKER
               



             sworn.
I am gardener
 to Mr. Godfrey at Isleworth


; I have a house in my own occupation in which I reside, it is a house of Mr. Godfrey's, but it is a separate dwelling for me and nobody else.
Court. How far from the dwelling-house? - About three or four hundred yards, not adjoining to any part of his dwelling: on the 6th of May, in the morning, a little before six, I slept at that time in the great house, in the dwelling-house, the night before I saw my own house secure, and the garden every where locked round; when Bowley called me, I found one of the panes broke and the sash open, somebody had introduced a hand and put back the spring, the door was fast; I missed a brown cloth great coat, and a dark green close bodied coat, almost new; two white washing waistcoats, a pair of buckskin breeches, a pair of nankeen breeches, two pair of leather gloves, some neck and pocket handkerchiefs and stockings; I never saw the prisoner before.
Court. Had you no shutter to your windows? - No.
Where did they look to? - Into the melon ground where the house is.
Is your melon ground inclosed by a wall? - Yes, he got over two walls and a hedge, with spikes besides, with a ladder from a neighbouring lady's garden, and so came over to my house.


                  WILLIAM
                   BOWLEY
               



             sworn.
I am under gardener to Mr. Godfrey, I saw this house window open, I went up to it, and I saw two dirty waistcoats laying on the ground, and an ink-stand thrown down on the outside; I saw a clasp knife in the window, that I knew was not my master's, I never saw it before; I alarmed Mr. Schnitker, and he came and missed his things; I never saw the prisoner.


                  ROBERT
                   PYCOTT
               



             sworn.
I am a day-labouring man, I did live at Isleworth; 
               
                  Richard
                   Rowland
               



             and me were walking out one day, and we saw an old pair of breeches laying in a hedge, about half a mile from Mr. Godfrey's garden house, we left them there, we found an old shirt and two old handkerchiefs and seven duplicates.
Where were these duplicates? - In the pockets of the breeches; I gave the duplicates to my landlady, 
               
                  Jane
                   Hitchins
               



            .


                  RICHARD
                   ARNOLD
               



             sworn.
I was with the last witness, and saw him find the things; I took out the duplicates myself and delivered them to Mr. Hitchins.


                  JANE
                   HITCHINS
               



             sworn.
Received the things from the last two witnesses, and gave them to 
               
                  Ann
                   Rampen
               



            : who being sworn, said she gave them to the prosecutor.


                  JAMES
                   MULCASTER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Chandler's-street, Grosvenor-square, on the 14th of December last, a coat was pledged with me, in the name of 
               
                  Henry
                   Smith
               



            , some time in May, but I am not positive to the time; one of the officers from Bow-street along with the prosecutor, brought a ticket of this coat, and desired if the person who pledged it came again, that I would stop him; on the 30th of September, the prisoner came for the coat, he said he had lost the duplicate; I had not a person in the shop, so I sent him to make oath of the loss of the ticket, and that the coat was his property, and in the mean time I got people to be present; when he came I wrote, received of 
               
                  William
                   Mulcaster
               



             a coat, and he wrote his name, as he was writing his name I apprehended him; when he came for the coat, I asked him where he lived at the time of pledging it, he said at Kensington; I looked at my book and found it was so entered; the ticket that was given at the time of pledging this coat, was found among the others.
Prosecutor. I went with this ticket to Mr. Mulcaster's, it was one of those given me by Rampen.
Hitchins. I received this ticket of Pycott and Arnold.


                  ROBERT
                   MORRISON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Davis, a pawnbroker in the borough; I produce a pair of nankeen breeches and a white waistcoat, which were pawned at our house, but I do not know by whom, for the man that took them in is gone away; I do not know the prisoner.
Have you your book with you? - No.
Have you any means of knowing what ticket was given with that pair of nankeen breeches? - Yes, I know the hand-writing if I see it.


                  PATRICK
                   MACMANUS
               



             sworn.
I took these things of the prisoner at Bow-street, on the 30th of September, there is a shirt, a coat, a pair of gloves, and there is that duplicate that that pawnbroker speaks of I found upon him, that is the duplicate of the nankeen breeches.


                  JOHN
                   SHALLARD
               



             sworn.
I went with this duplicate to Davis's, and found a pair of breeches and a waistcoat.
Morrison. I can swear to this ticket, it is the writing of our man; he went away two days after.
Prosecutor. This dark green coat was found on the prisoner's back, it was almost new, they are my property, the gloves are mine, the shirt has my mark, the stock I am in doubt about; I know the breeches and waistcoat.


                  John
                   Deechman
               



            , the prosecutor's taylor, deposed to the coat and breeches being his work.
Court to Mr. Garrow. What do you say to its being the dwelling-house of Schnitker?
Mr. Garrow. My Lord, I was thinking of that, it seems to be the dwelling-house of Mr. Godfrey.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
In May I went down into Suffolk, where I was bred and born, I received a letter that my father was very bad, he died the 2d of June; in July I came to town to see my brother; I had got a little money and I bought the things I had on in Rosemary-lane; I had nobody with me when I bought them.
Court to Prisoner. You might have had witnesses to prove when you went down to Suffolk to see your father, that will be sufficient for you, if you can make it out that you was in Suffolk at the time this robbery was committed.
Prisoner. My friends have been here two days, they went away last night.
Court to Morrison. When was that ticket dated? - The seventh of August.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
