






86. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HOOKER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BATES
                  



               
             were indicted for that 


               they, on the 6th of November
 last, on the King's highway, with certain offensive weapons called cutlasses, which they in their right hands had and held, unlawfully and feloniously did assault 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Richards
                        




                     
                  , and did then and there demand his monies, goods, and chattles, with a felonious intent his monies, goods, and chattles, feloniously and violently to steal
            .


                  DAVID
                   RICHARDS
               



             sworn.
On the the 6th of November last, about twenty minutes past six in the evening, it was about twenty minutes as near as could be, it was not half an hour after six, it was in Well-street, near Aldersgate-street


, I was walking through Well-street and the prisoner Bates came up to me and stopped me, to the best of my knowledge he followed me, he was on the other side and crossed the way to me, and he caught hold of my coat and told me to stop, and when I asked him what he wanted with me, he swore d - n your eyes you must deliver to me all you have, or else you will be a dead man, and he held a cutlass in his right hand just against my breast naked, I looked in his face and caught hold of the cutlass with this hand, the right hand, and almost cut my hand off with it; I caught hold of his collar, and we wrested into the street, and the prisoner Hooker came up and cut me over the shoulder with another cutlass, then I began to cry out murder, I thought I should be a dead man, and directly as Hooker cut me across the shoulder then Bates got at liberty, I was was obliged to let him go, then they both got cutting me.
Did they wound you at all? - Yes, across my face, they cut my eye, they cut me across my forehead, and I cut my hand almost off, they cut my throat here, and stabbed me in my breast, then I cried out as hard as I could for assistance, then they made off, and another gentleman came up to me and asked me what was the matter, I was almost killed, bleeding like any thing; they were not pursued and taken immediately, but one of them the week following, and the other the next week.
They did not take any thing from you at all? - No, they knocked my hat into the dirt, and took my watch almost out, but not quite, they had tried several times at it, the watch was almost drawn out, so that you might see part of the watch, but they did not get it quite away.
Did they take your hat off? - No, they did not take it away, they were obliged to go away on people coming up.
Did they take it off your head or knock it off with their blows? - I cannot tell that.

Did you know the prisoners before this time at all? - I have seen one of them pass by two or three times, he lives near where I live in Whitecross-street, I cannot say I knew Hooker before, or whether I ever saw him before I cannot say.
What sort of a night was it? - It was a fine night, and the lamps were lighted; they took me between two lamps.
It was not moon-light? - It was quite light, I was with my back just against a lamp, and their faces near a lamp that I could see them very plain, I was within a very few yards of a lamp.
Had you an opportunity of seeing their faces well? - I had.
Had you an opportunity of seeing Hooker, who came up the last, distinctly? - Yes, he came up facing the lamp with his face towards me, and gave me a blow on my shoulders.
In the struggle with Bates had you sufficient possession of yourself to see Hooker so as to know him again? - Yes, I had, and I did know him again, I am very sure these are both the men, I have no doubt of it in the least.
Mr. Knowles, Councel for the Prisoner Bates. The first person that came up to you was the man that you suppose to be Bates? - Yes, it was Bates.
Before the other man reached you, you had been cut by the cutlass? - Yes.
You felt at that time the pain in your hand? - No, I felt no pain at all, till I was taken to the surgeon's.
Before this other man came up, you closed with Bates, and you was struggling with him? - I was in the middle of the street.
You was struggling with Bates before? - Yes.
When were the two prisoners taken? - Hooker was taken the Saturday following, and to the best of my knowledge, Bates was taken the Wednesday after that.
Who did you receive the information from, that Hooker was taken? - I gave information against them to the patrols, and after they had taken him, they came and told me, Newman took him; I did not know him before.
When you gave the information, you did not know the names of these persons? - No, but I gave a description of their persons, and I went to see whether they were the persons I suspected; Hooker was taken on Saturday, and I saw him at Guildhall on Monday, I did not see him before, I knew him directly, before he came near me, he was so perfectly in my knowledge; I first saw Bates at Guildhall the second day after he was taken, I think it was on the Thursday or Friday.
Did you know him directly? - Yes.
Was you present at Hooker's examination? - I was.
Did he say anything in his own defence? - I do not recollect, he said, he was innocent.
Did he say that he could shew where he was that evening? - No, I did not hear, to the best of my knowledge, he said at Guildhall, he could bring somebody to prove where he was that evening.
He said so, did he? - He said something like it.
Do you recollect that he said where it was that he was? - No, he only said generally, that he would bring somebody to shew where he was.
Did Bates set up any defence of that kind, when he was examined? - No, he did not; these are the clothes I had on then.
(Produces a hat cut through, and a coat cut through the shoulder, and a waistcoat cut through, and the handkerchief that he had about his neck cut through, and shirt cut through all bloody.)


                  JOHN
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I know no more than taking the prisoner Hooker, he was under examination before Mr. Alderman Wilkes, along with one Dunstan, who was cast for death last Friday; and I laid a detainer against him, there was an information came down out of Old-street, that he was concerned in ill treating a man in Brick-lane, of which he was acquitted the other evening, by the prosecutor's not attending.

Mr. Knowles. Had you any conversation with Richards before the examination before the Magistrate? - No, Hooker said he knew nothing about it, Mr. Alderman Wilkes remanded him back till the young man came to see him, I was present at his examination.
Did he say where he was the evening that this happened? - I think he said he was at home.
Recollect yourself? - Yes, he said he was at home, I am sure; I found nothing upon Hooker.
Did Hooker mention where he lived? - No, Sir.


                  ROBERT
                   LISLE
               



             sworn.
I know nothing more than I apprehended Bates, Mr. Harrison and me were two or three nights after him, we took him in Long-lane, Smithfield, talking with a woman and two more men; my brother officer says, Mr. Bates, we want you, I laid hold of him directly, and pulled him up Barbican; he came along half way, then says he, by G - d, it is not watch hours, and I will not go with you; he denied his name, we found a duplicate in his pocket of the name of Bates, we took him to the King's-head opposite to Wood-street Compter, and from thence to the Compter, to be sure whether he was the man, I said, pray are not you out on bail, he said, yes, I am.
Did you find anything else particular? - Nothing at all, at his examination he acknowledged his name was Bates, he said he was not guilty of it, he said he was at home.


                  ANTHONY
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
I was at the taking of Bates with Lisle, I had information of him, we took him in Long-lane in company with one or two more, and a young woman or two, when I first apprehended him; he went with me, I told him opposite the watch, his name was Bates, and he denied it was; I found a duplicate in his pocket, with the name of Bates, I was present when he was examined, he did not say where he was on the evening of the robbery, that I recollect.
Prisoner Bates. Did not I tell him that I was in prison at the time this was done? - He mentioned something, but I cannot particularly say, that he said he was in custody.


                  THOMAS
                   CROWDER
               



             sworn.
I keep a public house in Well-street, at about twenty minutes past six, as nigh as I can judge, I will not be positive to a minute or two I was sitting in my parlour, and another young man with me, I ran down the street, and found the prosecutor laying in the kennel bleeding; as for the prisoners, I know nothing about them; there was somebody running before, there was a watch half out of his pocket, which I took out, I took him up, and took him to Mr. Withy's.
Prisoner Hooker. I can prove that I was at another place at the time.
Prisoner Bates. I can prove where I was at the time.


                  THOMAS
                   BELL
               



             sworn.
I live by Old-street-square, I was a victualler at the time of this accusation in Hatwell-street, Goswell-street, I am no business now, I wait for a place, I expect to go to Cambridge to be bed-maker to the College; on Sunday the 6th of November, being the day after the gunpowder treason, 
               
                  George
                   Hooker
               



             came into my house, about twenty minutes or a quarter after five, and called for some porter.
Any body with him? - Not at that time to my recollection, in the course of about half an hour, came in two young men, and a young woman, apparently acquaintances of Hooker's who asked each other how they did when they came in.
Do you know the name of either of these young men? - I never saw them in my life before.
How long did Hooker stay in your house? - Till within about five or ten minutes of seven, I am not sure to a few minutes, but I will give you a reason (give me leave to express the matter that happened during this time) after these two young men and the young woman came, they called for some crank, which is gin and water, and not being warm enough, they put it on the bar which belongs to the tap-room grate, where we put a pot or pint of beer to take the chill off; about five minutes after six my wife came into the tap-room, and said she expected her sister, whose name is Foskett, and lives near Covent Garden, to tea, but she said she would go to tea, for it was five minutes past six, and passed the compliment to two or three people that were there, and asked them if they chose to drink a dish of tea; Hooker said, he did not care if he had one, and he went to tea in the parlour with her, and returned in about ten minutes, the parlour joins to the tap-room.
Did you drink tea with them? - I very seldom drink tea, but I did that afternoon, and saw him in the room.
Who else drank tea? - No person but my wife and Hooker, I took one dish without sitting down, Hooker and my wife sat down, nobody else, I do not imagine there was any other person in the place; the two young men, and the young woman went out of the tap-room, and came in again in about five minutes, where they were I do not know, that was before Hooker went to tea, that was not when Hooker was at tea; while Hooker was at tea, they were in the tap room.
Court. What had they with their tea? - Toast, my Lord, that I recollect particularly well, because Mr. Hooker took a piece, and the servant girl that was there was rather jocular with him, and said he would take all the toast.
Who made the toast? - I do not know.
What had the young men and the young woman while you was drinking this tea? - Nothing but the crank, I saw them have nothing to eat, Hooker was at tea about ten minutes.
What became of him after tea? - He came into the tap-room after he had been in the parlour to tea.
Did he drink any thing in the tap-room? - He might, I do not remember.
What time did he go away? - About five minutes before seven, the reckoning was paid, I do not know which paid it.
Did they go out together? - I do not recollect whether they went out together or not, a neighbour of mine, one Mr. Taylor, a box-maker, was sitting with him, and looked at the clock and said it was almost seven, and he would go home to supper, he sat on the right-hand side of the first box in the tap-room, Hooker sat the right-hand side fronting him.
You have a dial in the tap-room? - Yes.
Did he go away first or Hooker and his company? - Our dial was right, it is a good dial, Miller came in about a quarter or twenty minutes after five, Hooker came in before five: Miller had two or three pints of beer, nothing but beer, except some tobacco, I smoaked half a pipe with him and drank with him, nobody else was in that company but Mr. Miller and me, Hooker and these people sat opposite, I do know whether they talked.
Were there any other companies? - There might be people, but I do not recollect; the box is long, and there is a seat at that end, and a seat by the fire place, Hooker sat at the corner which is at the table: I have known the family of Hooker a great many years, but have only known the prisoner by sight.
Mr. Knowles. Your dial was a good going dial? - Yes.
You had had no complaints of it that day? - No.
How far is your house from Well-street? - I suppose it is about a quarter of a mile.
From the time that the prisoner Hooker came into your house to the time he went out of it after Mr. Miller, was he absent at all? - He was not absent to my knowledge out of the tap-room, only to go to drink his tea, he might go out for a minute, but nothing more, for I staid in discourse with Miller; Hooker's father is a man of very good character, the son is his apprentice
, as to his character I know nothing of him good or bad, I believe he is a wild boy, but I never heard any harm of him.
What conversation passed? - The day preceding the Sunday was the 5th of November, and there were a great many effigies about the streets, in the representation of 
               
                  Guy
                   Vaux
               



            , and some unlucky hands had taken from the ninepin-ground behind my house one of the four-corner pins, which we call ninepins, and had burnt it in the fire, and he and me were laughing and talking of the impudence of the boy in burning the ninepin before the door.
Mr. Knowles. Are you going soon to college? - I expect a letter up every day.
Court. Did you join in conversation with Hooker and his company? - No, not particularly, I might, but I do not recollect any thing particular but this discourse.


                  ANN
                   BELL
               



             sworn.
Court. Let Mr. Bell withdraw out of the other side of the court.
What is your name? - 
               
                  Ann
                   Bell
               



            .
Do you know the prisoner Hooker? - Yes.
Do you remember his being at your house on Sunday the 6th of November? - Yes, the day after gunpowder treason.
Tell us what you know of it. - He came into my house about a quarter before five, it was before candles were lighted, I went in afterwards to my parlour adjoining my bar, and sometime after I went into the tap-room, and I expected my sister to come to tea, and I said, bless me, it is late, I do not think my sister will come, for it is past six o'clock, and I concluded to go to tea by myself, as she did not come; and returning out of the tap-room I saw young Mr. Hooker, and going out, I said, George will you have a cup of tea with me, and he said, I do not care if I do, Mrs. Bell, and I believe he did drink two or three cups of tea, and then he went into the tap-room again, and afterwards he went away, I do not know whether it was five minutes after or before seven, but I saw our hour-hand near to seven; ours is a very good dial, it was not wrong that day, there was one Mr. Miller, a neighbour of ours, a very good man, and of good family, was there; I know the prisoner's parents, they are very honest people, they bear a good character, the prisoner's employment is weaving or something in that way, I believe he works for his father, but I cannot particularly say, I am sure the dial was very right, it is said to be a very good dial.
Court. What time did the prisoner Hooker go away? - I saw him there pretty near seven, I do not know what time he went away, I went into my fore room, I only went into the tap-room to carry the candles.
Who was the young woman that was with Hooker? - I do not know, I saw a young woman and two young men; there were no young men drank tea with me but Hooker and my husband, I believe my husband might drink a cup of tea, I believe he did, he is not very fond of tea.
Did you and Hooker and he set down to tea together? - I cannot tell particularly whether my husband sat down, but Hooker did.
Did Miller drink any tea? - No, he was the next door neighbour, I cannot say what time Miller went away, after tea I saw Mr. Miller there, my sister's name is Foskett, No. 31, Russel-street, Covent-Garden.
Did you eat any thing with your tea? - Mr. Hooker eat a bit of toast, I very seldom eat any thing in an afternoon.
Was it toast or bread and butter? - It was toast.


                  JOHN
                   MILLER
               



             sworn.
I am a box-maker, I live at No. 6, in Hatwell-street, Goswell-street.
Do you remember being at Mr. Bell's house on Sunday after gunpowder plot? - Yes.
Who were there? - 
               
                  George
                   Hooker
               



             was there.
Court. What time did you go in? - I went in about half after five.

How soon after that did Hooker come in? - He was there when I went in.
Was any body with him? - There was one young man with him, but I do not know him.
Were there many other people besides him and his companion at the time? - Nobody but Mr. Bell and me drinking, to the best of my knowledge, I do not recollect any body else at the time when I went in.
How long did that young man stay there that was with Hooker? - It was seven o'clock before that young man went away.
Did Hooker go with him? - No, he did not go with him, he was in the house when I went away, they were both there when I went away, I do not know what time that young man went away, it was seven o'clock before I went away.
How much after seven? - It was gone seven, it might be five minutes before or after, I do not recollect, it was about seven but whether before or after I do not recollect.
Do you recollect any other people coming in after you came in? - I do not recollect in particular any other person.
Then you do not recollect any other company in particular besides Hooker, yourself, and the landlord? - No.
Did you join company with Hooker and his companion? - No, Sir, Mr. Bell and I had four pints of beer together, and a paper of tobacco, and after we had drank that I paid my reckoning and went in doors.
Did Hooker and his friends smoak with you? - No.
Did they drink any of your beer? - No.
What had they? - They were drinking something, I think it was crank.
Who drank with them, do you recollect? - The young man that was with him, nobody else that I recollect.
Now recollect as well as you can, whether you are sure that there were none of the other company drank with him? - I do not recollect that I saw any body.
Should you have recollected if there had? - If I had seen them, I should; there was Hooker and one other, but who that other was I do not know, I saw nobody else; that was all that was in his company.
Who was that young woman that drank tea with Mrs. Bell? - I saw no young woman drink tea with Mrs. Bell; she came and passed a compliment in the tap-room to 
               
                  George
                   Hooker
               



            , and asked him to have a dish of tea with her, and he went out of the room and was gone ten minutes, or it might not be so much.
Did his friend go with him? - No, the young man that was with him never was out, he stopped in the tap-room.
Alone all the time? - Mr. Bell and me were together.
Then you kept the young man company while his friend was drinking tea? - No, I never kept any body's company but Mr. Bell's, he was in one box and I in another, and he sat in the box he was in all the time that 
               
                  George
                   Hooker
               



             was gone to tea, I did not see the young woman that drank tea with Mrs. Bell.
Did you see any young woman in the tap-room? - Not to the best of my knowledge, I do not know that I saw any young woman.
How long might Hooker be absent when he went to drink tea? - Ten minutes, I dare say he was.
How long was he out any other time while you staid? - I do not know, to the best of my knowledge I never saw him out after that time, not that I took any notice off.
Where was Mr. Bell while Hooker went to tea? - Mr. Bell was drinking in the taproom.
With you? - Yes.
What were Mr. Bell and you drinking? - Porter.
Neither he nor you liked tea? - No, Sir, I do not recollect that she asked me particularly, but I did not take any notice.
Did Mr. Bell go to drink tea? - No, to the best of my knowledge, I do not recollect that he did go and leave me, without it was to draw a pint of beer or so.

Do you recollect what your conversation turned upon with Mr. Bell? - We were talking about one thing or another, I do not recollect any thing particular, I know it was the day after the 5th of November, but I do not recollect that we talked any thing about it, I do not remember any particular circumstance being mentioned that had happened the day before.
Had the boys had any bonfire before your door the day before? - Yes, they had; I do not recollect that they had any 
               
                  Guy
                   Vaux
               



            .
Do you recollect talking how the boys had made their bonfire, and what they had put in it? - No.
Then you do not recollect talking about what the boys had the impudence to burn the day before? - Yes, he said they took a skettle out of his skettle ground, but I thought nothing of that, that was all I heard him say, I cannot say how many skettles.
Did you say anything when you went away? - I wished Mr. Bell a good night, and the company that was there; I took notice that it was near seven when I went into my house, it might be five minutes before or five minutes after, I do not know, I said, I was going home to bed, I wished them all a good night and I went to bed.
Did you sup at Bell's? - No, I did not eat any thing after my dinner.
Then you did not say it was almost seven o'clock, and time for you to go home to supper? - No.
How long have you known Hooker? - I have known him about a fortnight or three weeks, only seen him three or four times at Mr. Bell's; I did not know the lad that was with him, I am sure I left them both there when I came away; I saw nobody drink with them; they were both there when I came in.
Jury. Do you know Mr. Bell's parlour at all? - I have drank in the parlour.
Is it a fore room or a back room? - It is a front room.
How many doors into it? - Two doors, one out from the bar, and one from the passage.
Court. Can you be particular how long Mrs. Bell and Hooker were at tea? - I cannot tell how long they were at tea, he was wanting about ten minutes, I do not think it was more than that.
Do you know Well-street? - I do not know that I do.
Do you know Jewin-street? - Yes.
How far is Jewin-street from your house? - I think it is half a mile.
Lisle. This Bell kept an exceeding bad house.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. What may you be? - I am a carpenter.
Is that your only business now? - No, I was at the apprehending Bates.
Who was it that you would have been bail for at Clerkenwell the other day? - One Mr. Connelly.
You are a master carpenter? - Yes.
Do you keep any men? - No, Sir.
Where is your shop? - My shop is No. 45, White-cross-street; I am constable of Cripplegate ward.
Appointed by whom? - I served in my right twelve months to-morrow.
You keep your deals and things at No. 45? - No, Sir, I do not keep them all there, some at Mr. Smith's in Beech-lane, I have dealt with him lately.
Is Mr. Bell's house within your jurisdiction? - It is very little distance.
Have you made any presentment of this house? - I dare not go to his house, it is not in my ward.
Have you to the officers of the ward? - I did not trouble my head about it.
Mr. Bell. It is whispered that my house has lost it's license, but it was a sixth or seventh license, granted without a single objection, the last licensing day it was granted; there is not a constable belonging to the division, that can say they were ever ill used, when they visited my house; they came in many times, and never took a man out.
Who is your landlord? - Mr. Meukes.

Is your house in London or Middlesex? - It is in Middlesex.
Court. How long was Hooker and your wife at tea in the parlour? - About twenty minutes, as near as I can recollect.
Did the two young men and the young woman that were in company with Hooker, stay all the time that he stayed? - They went out and came in again, but that to the best of my remembrance was before he went to tea.
Then while he was at tea, the two young men and young woman were together in the tap-room? - Not together, because the benches were apart, and not both together, in the same room.
Do you mean all this time only to say that the two young men and young woman were in the room, were they or were they not part of his company? - Yes, they asked one another how they did.
Did you and Mr. Miller mix any conversation? - No conversation that I recollect, a word might pass, we sat no nearer than as the tables I represent; and they are near enough to speak.
What sort of young woman was this that was in company? - I cannot recollect the young woman, I never saw her or the two men before.
Was she tall or short? - She was rather shortish, much about the size of my wife, she might be taller or shorter, I do not recollect.
Tolerably decently dressed? - No ways tawdry.
Then you do not recollect the conversation that passed between the woman and Miller? - I do not recollect any, if they spoke it was while I went backwards and forwards out of the room, Bates was not in my house, nor had not been for a fortnight or three weeks.
Court to 
               
                  John
                   Clarke
               



            . I see you are here accidentally: do you know Mr. Bell's house? - No, my Lord, I never was in the house, but there were once some coiners taken out of this house.
Bell. The stair-case goes at the back of the street door, and a man gave a woman a bad half guinea to lie with her all night, the man was taken up for tendering this bad half guinea to the woman; and Mr. Silvester was counsel, and I there appeared like a man to prosecute; there never was a man for a felony in any respect, taken out of my house; I have never been convicted of any gaming, or serving in service time, or any thing of the kind.
(For the Prisoner Bates.)


                  DANIEL
                   JENKINS
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Davis, the keeper of the Borough compter; I am the turnkey, I know the prisoner Bates.
Have you ever had him in custody? - No.
What do you come here to prove? - He came to see a prisoner at our prison, in the dusk of the evening, on the 6th of November, which happened to be on a Sunday evening.
How came you to remember the day? - That day he had a nosegay in his bosom, and Mr. Davis himself saw him come in; says he, this is not a day to wear a nosegay, it is next Thursday, we had lost a prisoner just before, and were very particular in persons coming in and going out.
Why was he to wear a nosegay next Thursday? - I suppose his meaning was because it was hanging day.
What time did the prisoner come to the compter? - Between four and five o'clock, I cannot positively say to a minute.
When did he go away? - I cannot possitively say the time he went away, he stayed there some considerable time and had several pots of beer, he went away by candle-light, it might be seven o'clock, but I cannot undertake to say when it was.
Can you venture to swear it was six o'clock? - No, I cannot swear that; I cannot swear to any time particular.
Do you know any thing more? - Not at present.


                  SUSANNAH
                   HUMPHRYS
               



             sworn.
I am a milliner, I live in East-Smithfield.

Do you keep any shop? - No, Sir.
A chamber milliner? - Yes.
Are you married or single? - No, Sir, I am not married.
What do you come here to prove? - I went over the water to see a young man that was in the Borough compter, on the 6th of November.
What day of the week? - On a Sunday, and while I was there, the prisoner Bates came in to see the same young man that I went to see.
Did you know the prisoner before? - I never saw him before.
What time did he come? - About five o'clock, as nigh as I can recollect:
What time did he go away? - About a quarter after seven, or ten minutes, I cannot tell to a minute.
How did you know the time? - There was a gentleman with me, one Mr. Kelly, who is gone to to sea; and I asked him the time, and he said, it wanted five minutes of seven.
How came you to ask him what o'clock it was, when the prisoner went away whom you never saw before? - The prisoner was there then, when I asked the gentlemen what o'clock it was; the prisoner had another pot of beer after that.
You did not know the prisoner before this? - I never saw him before.
Did you know his name at that time? - No.
Had you and he any conversation together? - No farther than drinking with the person he went to see.
Did he or you go away first? - He went away first, it was very nigh eight o'clock when I went away; I never saw him before, and did not know him, nor he me.
Did he call you by your name? - No.
Then how came he to fetch you here? - His mother came to me, the young man who was in the Borough compter knew my name.
Who is that young man? - His name is 
               
                  William
                   Bradley
               



            .
Is he there now? - No.
Where is he? - I do not know.
Court to Jenkins. What is become of Bradley? - My Lord, he was at our house at that time for an assault, and discharged the next morning.
Do you remember this woman being there? - Yes, very well, and the young man that was with her, which I let out at eight o'clock; for we turn out all the strangers at eight o'clock.


                  Susannah
                   Humphrys
               



            . I was subpoenaed by Bates this day week as near as I can recollect.
Court to Mr. Akerman. What day was there an execution? - It was the day after Lord Mayor's day.
The Jury withdrew about ten minutes, and returned with their verdict,
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years to Africa
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
