





8. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JEFF
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Limby
                        



                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 23d of September
 last, and putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, one half yard of brown linen, value 6 d. and one cloth cloak, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Yarnol
                  



               
            .
Court to 
               
                  George
                   Yarnol
               



            . My little boy, what church do you go to? - St. Andrews.
Can you say your Catechism? - Yes.
Can you say the Lord's prayer? - Yes.
Do you know the consequence of telling a lie? - Yes.
What is it? - I shall go to the devil.
To Prosecutor. What is your apprehension of losing the evidence of this boy? - He was put out of the way last sessions and I was bound for the appearance of the boy, and at the last sessions they got him away, and I am doubtful they will get him away again.

How long has the boy been in your custody? - About a week, even the boy's parents were at the justices.
Prisoner. They would not give this lad leave to send for his friends, and this man has taken the lad into custody.
Court. You must make an affidavit, let his trial come on in the afternoon, unless he makes an affidavit that will satisfy the Court.
Prisoner. I have a letter from a gentleman at Chelmsford.
Court. Where is the letter? - I have it not with me.
Is it in Newgate? - No, Sir, it is not.
Court. Go on with the trial.
The witnesses examined apart at the request of Mr. Silvester, Prisoner's Council.


                  DIANA
                   YARNOL
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  George
                   Yarnol
               



            , I know this little boy, my husband at times does work for his father in law, I delivered the little boy my cloak on the 23d of September, the cloak was pinned in a bit of brown linen, it was a Bath beaver cloak lined in the hood with black, and bound with black ermine, I gave it to him to carry it to a gentlewoman, one Mrs. Turner, in Poole's Buildings, in Mount Pleasant, Cold Bath Fields, I gave it him the 23d of September about nine at night, I live in Maiden lane, the child lives in Brooks Market, and he had to go back and I got him to take it with him, and carry it home the next morning, I gave him a particular charge not to carry it home that night, about a quarter of an hour after the boy came back and begged me to go to the watch-house of St. Clements, to take the cloak, as the man was in custody.


                  JOHN
                   CROWTHER
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of September about nine in the evening coming a long Portugal-street, Clare Market, I heard the cry of stop thief, and I saw the prisoner running with this cloak under his arm, and the little boy 
               
                  William
                   Limbey
               



             after him crying stop thief, I saw the prisoner gain ground of the boy, and I having a load on my back cried stop thief, the people run out of the Market and took him just as he run round the corner, I saw him taken, he was not out of my sight; when I cryed stop thief he threw the cloak on the ground, I saw him throw it down and I went and picked it up, the is the cloak.
(The cloak deposed to being the property of Mrs. 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Turner
               



            .)
Mr. Silvester took the objection that the cloak was not the property of Mrs. 
               
                  Eliz.
                   Turner
               



            .
Mr. Justice Willes. The woman delivered this cloak to carry to the owner, but till the boy had delivered the cloak it was in the possession of the woman, the boy was the servant of the woman, and any thing like possession is sufficient, he is a servant for that purpose employed to carry home the cloak.


                  WILLIAM
                   LIMBEY
               



             sworn.
Where do you live? - In Dorrington-street, Brooks Market.
Who do you live with? - With my mother and father in law.
Do you remember getting a cloak from Mrs. Yarnol? - Yes.
What was you to do with that cloak? - To take it to Mount Pleasant, in a Court, I forget the name, and coming along Portugal-street


 I was crossing the way, and there was a coach coming by and I saw the prisoner behind me, I was making way for him, and he gave me a push on the head and I tumbled down, and he took up my bundle and run away.
Did he ask you for your bundle? - No Sir he never spoke to me.
How soon was he taken? - About eight minutes after.
Mr. Justice Willes. Goods that were stolen from from a washer woman have been laid to be the property of her husband; this boy was servant to the woman and the woman's possession was the possession of her husband.
Mr. Silvester. Was there any force to knock you down? - No. only just touched me over the

Was there any violence used against you? - No.
Was you frightened at all? - No Sir, I was not frightened a bit.
Court. What did you fall forward? - Yes.
Mr. Justice Willes. You fell by the push he gave you, did not you? - Yes.
You would not have fallen if he had not given you that push? - No, he just touched me and I slipt over the stone.
Prisoner. I leave it to my council.


                  JOSEPH
                   GIFFORD
               



             sworn.
I have known him ever since 1781, he was a master butcher then, I always found him a very honest man, I never found any thing to the contrary.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not of putting in fear
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
