







376. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     KING
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMAS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, one copper pot, value 5 s. two saucepans, value 5. one copper stew-pan, value 3 s. two pewter dishes, value 2 s. four plates, value 2 s. one brass pestle and mortar, value 2 s. one hempen sack, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Andrews
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   ANDREWS
               



             sworn.
I live in Greenfield-street, Mile-end, Old Town


; on the 13th of April, I missed the things out of my house; in the morning about half past six, when I got up; I missed the things, in the indictment; and a sack marked H. the value of the things were 40 s.


                  ABRAHAM
                   MILLER
               



             sworn.
On Sunday morning, about half past six, I was going along, and I saw the black man with a sack on his back; he was going down Church-lane, turning round to go into Rosemary-lane; but which way he went afterwards, I cannot say.


                  ROBERT
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
About seven, on the Sunday morning; I saw the other prisoner, the boy, with this sack; containing a copper kettle, and a sauce-pan, a brass pestle, and a mortar, and a quart copper pot; he was knocking at the door of an old iron shop, in East-Smithfield; I took him into custody; I asked him where he got the things; he said, he had them of a black man; I had myself, before then, met a black man; but I cannot say it was this black man that is now at the bar; I took him into custody; and on the next day, I advertized the things; Mr. Andrews came, and claimed them; and I took the black man into custody, on the information of the last witness.
Court to Miller. How far is Church-lane from Greenfield-street? - I believe it is about three hundred yards; I am positive this black prisoner is the man I saw with the sack on his back.
What kind of a sack was it? - It was a brown sack, such as we have pollard in.
What size sack was it? - I cannot say.
But as near as you can guess? - I believe it was a three bushell sack.
Did you observe any mark upon it? - I did see some letters, but I did not take so much notice what they were on it.
Court to Andrews. What sort of a sack was it? - A sack that contains pollard and bran, which we give to our horses; they will contain eight bushels of pollards, and they will contain four bushels of corn.
(The things produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner Thomas, the black man. I have got something to say, that I know nothing at all about it; on Sunday morning I came over the water to get something to eat; I got a shilling, and I went into a public-house, and got something to eat; and on the Monday or Tuesday, I do not know which, I just got a pint of beer, and they took me into custody; I know nothing at all about it.
PRISONER KING's DEFENCE.
About six I was coming up Wapping, and a man asked me to carry this sack for him a little way.
What man? - I cannot be sure of the man; I took it upon my back, and carried it to the place where I thought he directed me; I could not find any man.
What sort of a man was he that gave you the bag to carry? - It was not near light.
Do you know whether he was a black man or no? - He was not a black man.


                  GEORGE
                   KING
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .



               Transported for seven years
            .


                  JOHN
                   THOMAS
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
