





526. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PATERSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th day of May
 last, twenty-four yards of carpeting, called stair-case carpeting, value 35 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rowley
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   ROWLEY
               



             sworn.
I keep an upholstery warehouse
 in Princes-street Lothbury


; on the 30th of May last, I lost some carpeting; this is mine; I can swear to it by this, and being folded up, and by the length of it: I did not miss it before Rigby the constable brought it in; I am sure I saw it on the Monday evening; I know it by the make and the colour.


                  RICHARD
                   PRITCHARD
               



             sworn.
I have lived with Mr. Rowley these three years and a half; I know this carpet to be Mr. Rowley's property by the folding of it up; I rolled it up myself on the counter; I know the pattern very well.


                  EDWARD
                   RIGBY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. On Tuesday morning last, a quarter after nine, I saw the prisoner come out of the prosecutor's house; I followed him; there was a piece of carpeting under his arm, which has been produced, and has been in my custody ever since; I took hold of him, and he flung down the piece, after I came to him; then he tried to throw me down; I threw him down, and kept him till Mr. Best came to my assistance; I took him to the Poultry Compter directly, and I took the piece.
(The carpet deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A man asked me to carry it at the pitching place.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
