





188. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     PAYNE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1st day of October
 last, one watch, with the inside case made of silver, and the outside case made of tortoiseshell, value 20 s. and one silver boatswain's call, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Robins
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   ROBINS
               



             sworn.
I am a silversmith
 in the parish of St. George's, Middlesex; to my misfortune I know too much of the prisoner. I knew him a child in arms, I knew his father and mother before he was born; he came up from Bristol, where his mother is, and brought a letter desiring me to get him some employ; I took him into my house to bed and board for three weeks, and then got him to work at a ship, and gave him board; he absented himself one day and said he had been at Blackwall, I reproved him, he made no answer but went away; he got privately into the house and stole these things, then he run out backwards, and we pursued him and found him concealed in a court; the magistrate told him it would be better for him if he would confess, for which reason he confessed where he parted with the watch and the boatswain's call, he first pawned the watch in Newgate-street, and afterwards sold it out to the person he then lodged with.
Court. Who was the magistrate? - Mr. Justice Smith.
What did the magistrate mean by saying it would be better for him? - I cannot tell.
How did he explain that? - I do not know.
Where was it that the watch was pawned? - In Newgate-street, at Mr. Fleming's, it was sold to one Stokes, the man is here.
Court. Send for the pawn-broker.
Prosecutor. I stand before your Lordship in a double capacity, first as prosecutor, next as a friend to the prisoner; so far from wanting to take his life, I wish to save it; the indictment was found against him yesterday was se'nnight, he is a native of the island of St. Helena, I went to the East-India house and drew up a petition to get him sent there; they could not do that, but said they were agreeable to send him to Bencoolen.
Court. We must first dispose of him here according to law.


                  JOSEPH
                   STOKES
               



             sworn.
I did not know the prisoner till he came to lodge where I do, at No. 60, Lower Thames-street, at Mr. West's; when he came there first he had a watch and money in his pocket, and he staid there till he spent his money, and pawned his watch at Mr. Fleming's for sixteen shillings; he came to ask me for work at the water side, he said he had pawned his watch, and would sell it out and out, and he asked me to buy it; I asked him if it was his own property, he said he had lost the duplicate; accordingly he went to the Justice's, and took an oath that he had pawned this watch for sixteen shillings, and that it was his own property; the watch stood me in one guinea altogether, he was in a sailor's dress, the watch was pawned in the name of 
               
                  John
                   Jones
               



            .
(The watch deposed to.)
Prosecutor. It is a watch that came to me to be repaired.
Was it in your shop? - Yes.
The PAWNBROKER sworn.
I live with Mr. Street at Wapping, this was brought to our shop about a month before the prisoner was taken up, he had a blue jacket on then; I never saw him before, but I knew him directly.
Prosecutor. I cannot swear to the call, but I believe it to be the same.
Court. Had you such a one in your shop? - Yes.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.




               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
He was humbly recommended to mercy.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before 
               
                  LORD
                   LOUGHBOROUGH
               



            .
