





26. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SACKIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th day of November
, sixty four pounds weight of iron, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     James
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   JAMES
               



             sworn.
I live in Rose-lane Stepney


; the watchman brought the iron to me the morning after the robbery.


                  GABRIEL
                   TERRY
               



             sworn.
I am the private watchman in White-horse-street, Rose-lane; a little after ten on Friday night, the 24th of November, I heard some iron rattle, and I stept across the road and followed the sound; I got before a man with some iron, some on one shoulder and some in one hand; I asked him where he brought that iron from; he informed me, from Mr. Green's in White-horse-street; I asked him where he was going to carry it to; he said, to a Mr. Neale's on Cock-hill; I said, it was necessary to have a right understanding; he then said, d - n me, you do not mean to detain me! I said, not long; we walked to the watch-house; he turned off the pavement, and said, he would be d - nd if I should stop him before he got to Cock-hill; I then said, I insist on your walking on that side of the way; we got to the watch-house; I called for assistance; and he let the iron drop on the ground; the beadle and the watchman came out, and with some reluctance we got the prisoner into the watch-house; I went to Mr. Green's, and found no reason to believe his story; he said, in the morning that he had been drinking at a public house in Rose-lane, and was hired to carry it to Cock-hill for sixpence and a pint of beer.


                  JOHN
                   HUNT
               



             sworn.
This iron stood out in my master's yard; I am journeyman to the prosecutor; I marked it with a P. with a chalk; I laid it in the wheeler's shop, and the mark was rubbed out; I knew it by the holes; it was a tire for wheels; we make our tools rather smaller, and I can safely swear it was my master's property; I saw it in the watch-house and before the Justice.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you see this iron at the watch-house?
Ferris. I shewed the iron to the prosecutor.
(Deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was drinking a pint of beer, and a man asked me to carry it to one Chambers at the King's-head at Cock-hill, opposite to Mr. Neale's.
Prosecutor. The prisoner had worked for me about six weeks, and he was alone in the shop when the rest were gone to dinner, and I imagine he threw it over a fence, for there were the marks on the ground.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
