





163. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     POWELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of December
 last, two hundred and four cut glass drops and roses, value 5 l. four hundred and eighty cut glass drops, value 3 l. ten cut glass stars, value 17 s. five nozels, value 6 s. one spying glass value 10 s. ten smelling bottles, value 10 s. seven inkstands, value 4 s. two covers for sugar basons, value 3 s. one glass decanter, value 9 d. six prisms, value 9 s. three brass nozels, silvered, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Need
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Maidnent
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bailey
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   BAILEY
               



             sworn.
I am partner


 with Mr. Need and Maidment in the glass business


, the prisoner is a mounter of girandoles
, he has worked for us ten years, on the 24th of December, in the morning, the prisoner was sent home with a pair of girandoles that were finished, to a Mr. Hogg a merchant in the city, in the afternoon the servant of the gentleman the girandoles belonged to, came and informed me that there were two drops missing, and the prisoner was directly charged by one of my men with having taken the drops, he almost confessed it, and said he would never do the like again, and he was kept in the workshop whilst a search warrant could be obtained from Mr. Alderman Hart, and I went with the constable to search his lodgings, and these things were found.
Court. Did you afterwards know that this place where you found the things, were his lodgings? - Yes, we knew that from his accounts and from his wife; and I saw some china images there that he bought of us sometime ago, at the first search we found a quantity of drops and various things that are used in our way, he was then committed; as he was going to the Compter, he asked the constable whether we took those things or not, from the box under the bed, and we went to his lodgings again, and found in two baskets some more things, and under the bed we found a box that contained drops of various forts, that had been manufactured at different times for seven, eight, or nine years; the box was about nine inches wide and two foot long. On a second examination he confessed every thing.
Was any promise of favour made him if he confessed? - No; the Lord Mayor said, he did not know his situation; he said he had done wrong and was very sorry for it, he gave no account as to his taking the things.
Did he acknowledge that he had taken them? - He acknowledged every thing that was laid to his charge was true; we always looked upon him as an honest, industrious man, till we heard otherwise the beginning of December.
Court. Has he any family? - Yes, a wife and two children.
Have you compared the things? - I have.


                  EDWARD
                   STAPP
               



             sworn.
On the 24th of December I went to search the prisoner's lodgings, his wife was at home, and we found a basket with many things in it, and we took them to Mr. Bailey's house, and he was committed, and going along he said, what did you take out of the box under the bed? I said, nothing; and we went again to his lodgings and found the box under the bed.
Prisoner. I took the drops for Mr. Bailey's use.


                  EDWARD
                   RAWLINS
               



             sworn.
I opened the door by the order of the constable, and saw the things found.


                  AMBROSE
                   MAZE
               



             sworn.
Some of this is my cutting, and they were Mr. Need's property.


                  JOSEPH
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I work for the same gentlemen, and I went to examine the work by Mr. Bailey's desire, and I found some of them my work, I examined it carefully.
Court. These things were used in girandoles? - Yes.
This man was mounter of these things? - Yes.
How long did he work for them? - Six years.
Did the work at home or at Mr. Need's house? - Sometimes he was at the shop.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My friends are here, I have an impediment in my speech.
Court. Take time and do not hurry yourself, and if you have any thing to say for yourself speak.
Prisoner. I am not capable of telling you.
Court. You said you took them for the use of your master? - Yes.
Court. What was you to do with them? - To mount them by degrees, I never sold any of them in my life.
Court to Mr. Bailey. In what mannr did you supply this man with these articles necessary for mounting the girandoles? - The drops were generally told out when he took a pair of girandoles, but since we knew him he has gone to the drawers and helped himself.
Court. But was he ever intrusted with any very large quantities for the purpose of mounting? - There were drops that would mount twelve or fourteen pair, and every thing that is used for mounting, in this assortment, the morning this happened I asked him if he had any thing of ours at home, he said he had nothing but that pair; none of the drops that I found there did I give him out for any purpose to mount whatever, there are drops there that the moulds have not been used these seven years; there was a spy glass, I never had but two of them cut.
(Ten smelling bottles deposed to, and some salts.)


                  JOHN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
(Deposed to the spying glass.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Some of the things were mine.
The prisoner called seven witnesses who gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
