





495. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      otherwise 
                     
JAMES 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th day of May
, two pair of cotton stockings, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Fieldsend
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .
Mr. FIELDSEND's Shopman sworn.
I live with Mr. Fieldsend, he is a linen-draper and hosier
; the 27th of May, the prisoner came into the shop about one o'clock, and asked to look at some ribbed stockings; I do not recollect ever seeing him before; I saw my fellow-servant shewing him some stockings; his name is 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Shaw
               



            ; when he had shewn two pair, he called me forwards; he desired me to go on the other side of the counter, for the prisoner had concealed two pair of stockings; then the prisoner ran out of the shop; he threw down four shillings upon the counter for a pair of stockings he had bargained for, but he did not take those stockings; we pursued the prisoner, and took him; I saw the stockings in his pocket, as he went out of the shop. (Produced and deposed to.) They cost three shillings and sixpence, they were not at all the worse.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. May not stockings of that goodness and quality be purchased at sales cheaper than these? - I do not think they might.
Might not a person, by mistake, take up these two pair, instead of the pair he bought? - I should think not.
- SHAW sworn.
Deposed to the same effect.


                  WILLIAM
                   MARSH
               



             sworn.
I am a groom; I saw the prisoner run down Oxford-street, and Mr. Shaw pursued him, and cried, stop thief! it was on Saturday; I saw the prisoner throw away a pair of stockings, I picked them up, they were ribbed cotton.
Prisoner. I wish to call witnesses to my character.
The Remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex, HEAD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 31st of MAY, 1786, and the following Days;
Being the FIFTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     THOMAS
                      WRIGHT
                  



               , LORD MAYOR OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY E. HODGSON, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND; And Published by Authority.
NUMBER V. PART IV.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXVI.

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of William otherwise James Brown.
MAJOR ARROWBIN sworn.
The prisoner lived with a brother-in-law of mine in the years 1778-79, and 1780, as a servant
, during which time he bore the best of characters, and my brother had the highest opinion of him; he lived very frequently at my house in the country, where he had frequent opportunities, if he had been a dishonest man, of pillaging me of plate and other things; I had one, two, three, four, and five hundred pounds worth of plate; I entertained a good opinion of him till this unhappy event; he has come to my house lately in town; I understood he had married a very decent woman; he has very often dined at my house, and my good opinion of him continued to this very period; I never heard the smallest impeachment of his honesty. My reason for attending here was, I understood that from a particular likeness to some individual, a man of a very notorious character, he might be mistaken; and I meant to identify his person, and say his name is Brown; he has gone by the name of Brown ever since I have known him, and I knew him at that period I have mentioned; I knew so much of him, as to exclude the possibility of his being a notorious bad character.




               GUILTY Of stealing one pair of stockings, value 3 s. 6 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
