





307. 
               
                  
                     WALTER 
                     SCOTT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault, on the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Richardson
                        




                     
                  , on the 30th of March
 last, and feloniously taking from her person, and against her will, a metal locket, value 2 s.
             her property.


                  ANN
                   RICHARDSON
               



             sworn.
I was a servant
 to Mr. Belcher of No. 1, Cow-lane, East-Smithfield; on the 30th of March, I had been to Wardour-street; I was coming back, and about eight o'clock the prisoner met me the corner of Drury-lane


; the prisoner passed and re-passed me several times; Mrs. Wilson was with me; I never saw him before that evening; he hit against my shoulder, and I said go along fellow, you are drunk; he says, am I drunk? with that he clasped me round, and whipped my locket away, and ran away; I was so frightened that I did not miss it;witness told me he had took my locket away; we both called out, stop thief! and he was taken by the constable almost directly.
Court. How long did the prisoner stay with you? - He did not stay, he only passed and repassed.
He only said, am I drunk? - Yes, Sir, that was all.
How long was it before you missed your locket? - Ten minutes.
Did you talk to anybody else beside the prisoner during this ten minutes? - No, Sir, only with a woman that was walking with me.


                  ELIZABETH
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
The prisoner had been with me to inform me she was going to leave her place; and asked me leave to let her sleep with my children on the next night; I was walking with her to see her part of the way, and at the corner of Drury-lane, we were going to part, and the prisoner came and pushed against her; and she said, go along, you are drunk, you nasty fellow; and he put his hand round his neck, and I saw him snatch the locket out of her handkerchief; he had passed and repassed us several times; there was nobody else with us; we cried, stop thief! and he was soon after taken.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer; I took the prisoner on Monday evening, the 30th of March; he ran up a court in Drury-lane; I struck at him; I took this pin out of his hand, and we went before a magistrate; it is a remarkable pin, it is a cooper with an adz, she described it before she saw it.
(The locket produced, and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along, and I passed those women, and the prosecutrix asked me to give her something to drink; I said, I would not, and just by her I saw this locket lay; and I pickt it up, and she asked me for it, and I would not give it to her; and I went away with it directly.
Court to Treadway. I think you say, she described the pin before you shewed it to her? - She did, my Lord.




               GUILTY, of stealing only
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


