





411. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PEARCE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th day of April
, a handkerchief, value 1 s. a pair of stockings, value 1 s. a neckcloth, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sparing
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   SPARING
               



             sworn.
I am a labouring man
, I live at Ealing


; on Monday last I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; I was at my labour.


                  ANN
                   NEIGHBOUR
               



             sworn.
The prosecutor lodged at my house, and the prisoner and another young man; on Monday last the prisoner came home between twelve and one in the day, I saw him go up stairs, which he never did before, he lodged three weeks there, he staid five minutes, and he brought down a piece of old sack, which he said was his; he went out of doors directly, I followed him, I thought he had got something, I followed him to the pawn-broker's shop, he staid a few minutes, and I went into the shop before he came out, and asked the woman what he had brought, and she said a pair of stockings and a neck-cloth; he wanted me to come home and let him in, but I would not, he came out of the shop with me, but I would not let him in; he pulled the things out of his pocket, and threw them into the yard; he wanted me to take the things of him, I saw him take out the things.
What became of him, did he go away? - Yes, and I sent for a constable; I picked up the things, they are here.


                  THOMAS
                   BOSWELL
               



             sworn.
I am headborough, I have a pair of stockings and a neck-cloth; I was called last Monday by this woman, I went and saw the prisoner, and she had some things in her hand, which she said the prisoner had thrown down; I took him into custody by her desire.
Court to Prosecutor. How did you get the man again? - I followed him till the constable came.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never saw the things, the prosecutor did not know his own property before the Justice; we were before the Justice three times.
Court to Prosecutor. How is that? - The first time I told the Justice I would not wish to hurt any man in the world; says he I can do nothing in it, unless you can swear to your property; we came back to the public-house, and had a pot of beer. the man was in a passion, he swore to his dam - n, if we did not prosecute him, he would prosecute us; then I went and swore to my property.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
