






672. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BENNET
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LITTON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October
 last, one pair of leather shoes, value 6 s. a pairof sattin breeches, value 14 s. a silk waistcoat, value 5 s. a worsted waistcoat, value 3 s. a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 7 s. a pair of plated ditto, value 8 d. one cork screw, value 3 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Colley
                        



                     
                  ; one silk handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Warjeant
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   COLLEY
               



             sworn.
I lost the things mentioned in the indictment. On the 9th of October (I saw nothing before of them that day) I saw the prisoners drinking two pints of beer, in the tap room of Mr. Warjeant, in Poplar-gut house


; I am a waiter
 in the house; I passed them as they were sat just by the door; when I saw them again I knew they were the same people; this was about two or three in the afternoon; the next day my master was going to send me to town, for some things that were wanting; I went up stairs to clean myself, and the first thing I missed was a pair of new shoes of my own; I enquired of the servant if she had moved them; and I missed a pair of buckles out of the old shoes; I did not miss any thing more then; I went down, there were some sailors there; and I had seen the prisoners there several times that day; they were there two or three hours; they had been in the tap room, in and out that forenoon; I followed the prisoners to Ratcliff Highway, and saw them both at the corner of a shop door; I stopt them, and the prisoner, Litton, had this handkerchief in his hand, and a bundle tied up; I laid hold of the handkerchief, and asked him if he was not the person that was down at the Poplar-gut house? he said he was; I took the handkerchief of him, and took hold of him with my right hand, and the other being on my left hand, he attempted to escape, and I caught him by the collar, and then I had hold of both, and got assistance, and took them into custody, and they were committed.
Have you had the things in your possession ever since? - The handkerchief contained the shoes and buckles, the breeches, and the cork screw; the other things were sold.
(The things deposed to by Colley.)
The handkerchief belonged to my master; they acknowledged they took the things, before the justice; no promise was made to them; they gave up every thing they had; they said they had sold two waistcoats, and a shirt; and bought themselves two jackets, and trowsers, and came down in different dresses.
A Witness sworn. I was at my master's last Saturday; I 
               
                  drew
               


             the prisoners some beer; and when my master and mistress was at dinner, these young fellows went away. and passed me; the prosecutor went up stairs, and missed the things; I went with him and found the prisoners in Ratcliffe Highway; I saw the prisoners with the bundle; these are the same people; I was at the justice's afterwards; they told the justice every thing that was found upon them, they had taken away; and as it was the first time, they hoped he would forgive them; they said they had sold the other things in Rosemary-lane, and they would go and shew them where they were; and find friends to get them again.
PRISONER BENNETT's DEFENCE.
This young fellow took the things while I was there; I know nothing of it.
PRISONER LITTON's DEFENCE.
I went up stairs and took a pair of shoes; and he sent me up again; then I took a handkerchief and something else.
BENNETT, 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
LITTON, 

               GUILTY
            .
To be 



               severely whipped
             and passed to his settlement at Bristol.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
