





630. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CODD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of September
 last, one leather trunk, value 15 s. six linen shirts, value 30 s. six linen stocks, value 6 s. six pair of silk stockings, value 12 s. six silk handkerchiefs, value 12 s. and one wooden shaving box, value 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Foster
                        



                     
                  : and eleven linen shirts, value 55 s. four pair of worsted stockings, value 4 s. four linen night caps, value 2 s. four linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s. a cloath coat, value 20 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 10 s. two other waistcoats, value 10 s. one pair of black leather breeches, value 10 s. one pair of shoes. value 3 s. the goods of 
                     - Tuffnall
                     


                  , Esq
; and four linen shirts, value 20 s. four linen stocks, value 4 s. one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 20 s. and three pair of silk stockings, value 3 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Przigockie
                        



.


                  MICHAEL
                   PRZIGOCKIE
               



             sworn.
I am a Polander born. I am in Colonel


                  Tuffnall
               


            's service; the 14th of September we came from Chatham Camp, between seven and eight o'clock, to the Colonel's lodgings, in Dover-street


; I was behind on horseback, and the Colonel drove himself in a phaeton; the trunk was behind, I saw it then as I passed the chaise in order to open the door; before the woman came with the candle, just as the Colonel was getting out, there was a cry, Here is your thief, and trunk! so I perceived that some straps were hanging; and this gentleman brought the thief and trunk: the man was taken directly on the spot, it was not five minutes, (the straps and trunk produced, the straps were cut.)
Court. Was the trunk off the phaeton? - Yes, they brought the trunk immediately; I did not see him take it.


                  RICHARD
                   CANNON
               



             sworn.
I live in St. James's-street; on the 14th of September, a little before seven, as I was going down Little St. James's-street, near the end, three men rushed by me, one of them asked me what it was o'clock; I crossed the way, and as I crossed, I heard a carriage pass me, and I looked round to see if I was clear of it, and I knew it to be the Colonel's, by the horses, they are particular horses; and I saw the prisoner with three fellows, behind the chaise; the footman was on horseback; they rushed by me, and run up the street: I suspected their intention was to cut what was behind the chaise; I was determined to see the event. I wondered the servant had not trod on them, they got between the servant and the phaeton. By this time, the chaise was facing my own house; I run very fast, and came up with the hindermost of the three. The chaise turned into Dover-street, and I run so fast that I came up with the chaise, then the prisoner and the other men fetched a pull, and down came the trunk; when the trunk was down, the prisoner took up one end, and the other men took up the other, it was very dark, they got it up; it was down in a moment: they carried the trunk along Stafford-street, in the middle of the street I perceived a light, and I jumped in between them, says I, put this trunk down, they all three said blast your eyes; the prisoner struck the trunk against my legs; I was so hesitated I jumped back, and called, Thieves! then they all three dropped this trunk, and run away; the prisoner was hindermost; he was taken. I am sure he is the man.


                  WILLIAM
                   MARTIN
               



             sworn.
I am a Chairman at the King's Head in Albemarle-street; I heard the cry of Stop thief! and this man was behind and I took him; I cannot say that he took the trunk.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been to Knights-Bridge to my uncle, I was coming down Picadilly, I heard the cry of Stop thief! the man came and laid hold of me; I never saw the trunk; I was there by accident, I was going home about my business; my friends are all in the country.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice NARES.
