





219. 
               
                  JOSEHH 
                  HOBBS
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th day of February
, sixty pounds weight of tobacco, value 5 l. and one canvas bag, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Milne
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Timothy 
                     Stansfield
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   CARPENDALE
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday the 14th instant, a man came in for an ounce of tobacco, he asked for Oroonoko, I said, we had none, then he asked for Virginia and herb, for he could not smoke all Virginia; then two more men rattled at the door, and came in while I was weighing the ounce of tobacco, and three more came in, and there were three bags of tobacco on the counter, and they took one; I called for assistance up stairs, and four of them run out of the shop, I pursued up Fenchurch-street, and was returning by the corner of Philpot-lane, when I met the prisoner with a bag of tobacco upon his shoulders, he was out of sight about five minutes; he attempted to get away from me, he threw the tobacco upon my head, and got away from me, I cried stop thief! and he was stopped again in Philpot-lane, he got away again, and was taken on Dice key; I know he is the same man by his clothes, and his face, there was a lamp and a silversmith's shop open, with a strong light, I put the tobacco at Mr. Stevenson's, a fruiterer, in Thames-street.
Mr. Peatt, Prisoner's Counsel. How long did you lose sight of the person that you suppose to be the prisoner? - I cannot tell; I suppose about ten minutes in the whole.


                  HENRY
                   SHEPHERD
               



             sworn.
About eight on Tuesday the 14th instant, there was a noise in the street, my man was in the shop, there was a cry of stop the rascal; my man laid hold of the prisoner, and he fell into the kennel; I laid hold of the prisoner then, I said you must be a rascal for you are the first that has come down this lane, I held him about a minute, he had nothing in his possession, the bag was right opposite my house at a neighbour's, I did not see him throw it; I saw the prisoner afterwards, and I knew he was the same man that I stopped.
- DAVIS sworn.
I heard the cry of stop thief! and I stopped the prisoner in Philpot-lane; he said, he was not the man.


                  THOMAS
                   GOODWIN
               



             sworn.
Confirmed the above account of taking the prisoner.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I ran with the rest, and they took me.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
