






616. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     WRIGHT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     MORGAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of May
, one silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of a certain person unknown.


                  THOMAS
                   DOUGLAS
               



             sworn:
On the 20th of May, between one and two, I was at the Cooper's-arms, in Chick-lane


, drinking a pint of beer, and saw the two prisoners follow a gentleman by the window; I immediately went out and watched them about a dozen yards, I saw the prisoner Wright take the handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket, I would have followed the gentleman, but I was afraid, for there was another gang of them; five minutes after they came by the window again, I knew them and we took them in Smithfield, we followed them into the public house again, and we took this handkerchief from Wright, under his arm, between his skin and his shirt, the other only followed him.
Was he in company with him? - He was.
Could he see him do it? - He could.
Did he continue in company with him? - He did.


                  ROBERT
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
I went with the prosecutor and another person, and took the prisoner.


                  SAMUEL
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I took him with the handkerchief under his arm, they were both together.
PRISONER MORGAN's DEFENCE.
I can tell where I had been, and who is my master; my master's name is Gordon, in Petty France, he is a plaisterer, I had been at work in Brook-street; I know nothing of that young man.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
