





143. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of January
, a cotton gown, value 10 s. two pair of silk stockings, value 10 s. a pair of cotton ditto, value 2 s. four shifts, value 4 s. two gowns, value 4 s. a linen handkerchief, value 6 d. a pair of stays, value 6 d. a black flounced petticoat, value 2 s. three pin-a-fores, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Chambers
                  




               
            .
ELIZABETH CHAMBERS sworn.
My husband's name is 
               
                  James
                   Chambers
               



            ; we are housekeepers
; I lost the things in the indictment on Monday last, and a great many more to them; we went out to dinner at three o'clock on Monday; we came home at four on Tuesday morning; we found all the doors open, and some part of the house on fire, but the fire was out when we came home; the stair case was burnt down; I lost all my property from my bed room; some things were in my drawers; some in a box; and some tied up in a bundle; the next morning the night officer came to me, and gave me information of my property; I saw some of the things on Tuesday morning at Justice Smith's; they are here in Court.


                  THOMAS
                   GUY
               



             FLOWERS sworn.
I am a watchman; at half after one, on Tuesday morning last, the prisoner came past me with this basket of things; I run over to him and asked him what he had there; he said, what is that to you? I took him by the collar to the watch-house; I have kept the things ever since.
DANIEL DUNNING sworn.
I am a watchman; I was crying half past one on Tuesday morning last; the last witness called for assistance; I helped to take the prisoner, and he had this basket; and the prisoner would not let him examine it.
Do you believe that to be the same? - I cannot take my oath to it, but I believe it.
Court to Flowers. Did you leave the basket at the watch-house? - Yes.
What did you observe it by to know it again? - The handle, and the cloth round here at the time; it was not moved at all off the shelf, at the watch-house; I took it off the next morning myself; there are two holes in the handkerchief, I observed them over night, when they were taken from the prisoner.

Can you swear it is the same? - Yes.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had this basket from a woman, she was in liquor enquiring the way to Tower-hill; I carried it for her, the watchman took me.
Jury to prosecutor's wife. Were any of your other things moved out of the house, in consequence of the fire? - No, none of the goods were moved.
Court to watchman. What did this man say to you when you took him? - He said I had no business to look what he had at all; I said it was my place to look; he did not tell me from whom he had it; there was no woman with him.
Did he tell you that a woman gave him the property? - No, when first I stopped him, he said he would not let either of us look at them; I said we would take him to the watch-house; he said he wanted a lodging; he did not say a woman gave them to him.
Jury. Did you ask him how he came by them? - No, we did not.
Was there a woman with him? - There was a woman followed him.
Was that woman in any conversation with him? - Not a word, I asked him if he knew that woman; I thought she might have been a partner; he said he never saw the woman with his eyes before, that she did not belong to him.
Court to Flowers. In your presence, was that prisoner asked about any woman? - I saw no woman, but the other watchman said he saw a woman, and he asked him, and he said that woman did not belong to him at all.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
