






943. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROOK
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JORDAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               that they, on the 22d of September
 last, feloniously did assault one 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Stewart
                        




                     
                   on the King's highway, and did then and there demand his monies, with a felonious intent his monies from his person and against his will, feloniously to steal, take, and carry away
            .


                  JAMES
                   STEWART
               



             sworn.
On the 22d of last September, I was coming home through Wellclose-square


, about half past ten or rather better, it was on a Thursday night; the two prisoners came up to me, one laid hold of one side and the other of the other side, they said,
"it did not signify, money they wanted, and money they must have.
"They took hold of me by the lappels, they said no more to me; I thought of laying hold of them, and calling out watch, but upon a second reflection, I threw my arms against one, and extended them, and drove the other against the wall, and called out watch, with that one of them recovered himself and gave me a stroke under the eye, which gave me a black eye, they ran, and I after them, and by Nephine-street, one of them turned down, and two or three watchmen were gathered together, and they took Rook, and I went after Jordan.
Are you sure the other man is the same person? - I think he is the same.
Can you undertake to swear positively that he is? - I certainly can now or I would not have sworn at first, he was not out of my sight five minutes before he was brought to the watch-house, it was a moonlight night.
Are you quite sure of Rook's person? - I think it is the same person.
Thinking alone is not sufficient, can you undertake to say with certainty it is the same person? - I positively can.


                  JOSHUA
                   GRAHAM
               



             sworn.
I belong to the liberty of the Tower of London, on the night of the 22d I sat up to look after the watchmen, I sat the watch at ten, and I went out at the half hour with the watchmen, not the way that he went but another way, and I was up at the further end of Grace's alley, talking with another officer; and I went into a house about five minutes, and then the man was gone from the box, I went to the watch-house and went in, and they said they had got a man, a thief, I enquired who gave charge, the prosecutor said he did; the prisoner Jordan was then in the watch-house, and he said he charged him with intent to rob him and assault him; I took him and searched him and found nothing upon him but a shut knife, a pocket knife, and I think I recollect nothing but two sixpences or two shillings, I know one of them had two shillings and the other had two sixpences and some halfpence; before I had done searching him Rook was brought in, the gentleman said directly that was the other, he could positively swear to him; nothing was found upon him only a common knife, and some silver.


                  GEORGE
                   TYLER
               



             sworn.
On the 22d of last month about half after ten or better, I heard a great noise crying out watch, I went and looked down Grace's-alley, and I saw the prisoner Jordan crying stop thief, and the prosecutor was after him, and he came up and said he was the man, and positively he could swear to him.
What did he say the prisoner did? - That he offered to rob him.
LLEWELLIN JONES sworn.
I heard a noise and I ran after the prisoner Rook, he cried stop thief, and in Virginia-street a man came out, one of the watchmen hit him over the leg, and I came up and took him, he said do not use me ill for I have hurt nobody, I said, what did you run for, he said there were a good many run as well as me; I took him to Wellclose-square and put him in the watch-house, there was the prosecutor, who said directly, that is one of the men that stopped me.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. My Lord, I beg leave to trouble the Court with a few observations on the indictment; I have forbore to ask a single question of any of the witnesses, because it seems to me to be the shortest way to take your Lordship's opinion at this stage of the business: this offence, or rather the offence intending to be described in the indictment, arises on an act of parliament made in the 17th and 18th years of the late King: and from the preamble of that act coupled with the enacting clause of it, it seems to me to be clearly decisive that this indictment cannot be sustained; it recites, that many of the King's subjects have been put in great fear and danger, and that the punishment of such offenders, (that is, of offenders who assaulted the King's subjects with intent to rob, and put them in fear and danger of their lives) was not sufficient. My Lord, I am perfectly conscious that I am addressing myself to a Court that know perfectly well what is meant by assaulting and putting in fear, and that it constitutes a highway robbery; now this preamble says, this is with intention to rob; those acts of parliament therefore were not intended to protect persons from bare larcenies from the person, but were intended to meet a new species of offence, where persons with arms, or by violent menaces, or by force, which might on persons of a firm and found mind produce such terror as to cause them to part with their property, did assault the King's subjects with intent to rob; and the legislature thought that this was an offence fit to be punished in some severer sort; therefore they inflicted the sentence of transportation: then the entering clause goes on to say, that this penalty should apply to persons who should either with offensive weapons, or by menaces demand any money or goods, with felonious intent to rob, or commit robbery upon such person or persons to whom such menaces should be applied. My Lord, my objection is first, that there is no menace of the sort described by this act of parliament in this indictment.

Court. You have dropped one part of the act of parliament, which adds
"or shall by any forcible or violent manner demand" these are the words upon which the present indictment is framed.
Mr. Garrow. Then, my Lord, in the first place I take the liberty of saving, upon this evidence it is entirely impossible for the Jury to find that there has been an assault in a forcible or violent manner; the evidence of the prosecutor was this, that he was either met or overtaken, or found himself in the way of the prisoners, and one of them made use of this expression,
"money
"we want, money we must have." Now I need not state to the Jury that that expression is perfectly equivocal, it is the language of threat, of menace, or the language of supplication, of indigence in the mouth of a beggar; there is no sort of pretence that this was accompanied by any force, or by any indication on the part of the person asking, that he intended to distinguish his application from that of a beggar; a man earnest for a bit of bread, might address the person of whom he fought relief by laying his hand on any part of the body, and most naturally on the shoulder of such person; But still, my Lord, I have a clear and palpable objection, because the indictment states this, and this only, because it states that it was with a felonious intent his monies from his person and against his will feloniously to steal, take and carry away; that is the description of a simple larceny. I take the liberty of observing that it was not to protect persons from simple larceny, but from that higher offence, and in order to the constitution of which, there must be a threat applied to the person from whom the money is demanded: this indictment does not state in the words of the act of parliament, that this was with intent to rob or to commit robbery; and it seems not to have been enough for the legislature to have contented itself with one expression; but left any man of less sense than all those who constitute this Court are blessed with, should mistake; the legislature seems to have been anxious to have pinned down the sense, and to have marked its meaning so, that no man could possibly mistake it, for it goes on to say,
"with intent to rob, or with intent to commit robbery," marking it as contra-distinguished from an attempt to commit simple larceny. My Lord, I contend on the part of the prisoners, that it is incumbent on the prosecutor to pursue this act of parliament in its very letter; he has not done so, he has not charged that they did it with a felonious intent to commit a robbery, or that he meant to take his goods forcibly or violently: I do not mean that the indictment should necessarily have found in it, the words with a felonious intent to rob him, or to commit robbery; but this I contend, it is clearly and indispensably necessary, that upon the indictment there should be a clear and unequivocal description of an intent to commit an highway robbery: now here is a clear description of an intent to commit larceny, but I defy any man with legal notions about him to say, here is the description of a highway robbery: your Lordship knows there must be fear, or at least there should be such a personal attack upon a man that a firm man might be put in fear, and part with his property, or have it taken from him; and this indictment describes it to be with a felonious intent, feloniously to steal, take and carry away his goods; that is a clear description of larceny. My Lord, I am ashamed to have taken up the time of the Court so long, I conclude with submitting to the Court, there must be a clear designation of an intent to commit a robbery.
Court. I will first leave it to the Jury, and if any doubt is entertained, I will mention it to the learned Judges, and if they entertain any doubt, the case shall be reserved. I think it would be more correct if the words by force or violence were added: as to the other point, if the Jury are of opinion the prisoners meant to beg and not to rob, I shall direct an acquittal.
Mr. Garrow. My Lord, I have no objection to your Lordship's purpose, and I am sure, that after what I have experienced so often of indulgence, I shall be forgiven if I make this observation: I observe that the mode in which it might be attempted to reconcile the indictment to the statute is this, by taking in the whole description that might be collected out of the indictment; but I shall take the liberty of submitting to this Court, that you cannot look further back than beyond the word intent, I take it that the other is a distinct part of the offence, that is, the assault, in a forcible and violent manner, of demanding money: the other part the Jury are bound to find, namely, that it was with a felonious intent t o rob, that feloniously, and against his will, and by force, they took the goods: therefore, it seems to me as if it was impossible to couple the two parts of the indictment, so as to make up one perfect whole to satisfy the act of parliament.
The prisoner Rooke called two witnesses, who gave him a very good character, and said he was a midshipman on board the Bellamont East Indiaman.
The prisoner Jordan called one witness, who gave him a very good character.


                  JAMES
                   ROOKE
               



            , 
               
                  JAMES
                   JORDAN
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
