







297. The said 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     FALCONER
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TURNER
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIAS 
                     ABRAHAMS
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th day of February
, one cloth coat, value 10 s. three rules, value 2 d. two iron gimblets, value 2 d. two linen bags, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Richardson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   RICHARDSON
               



             sworn.
I lost my box about seven on the 17th of February; it contained the things mentioned in the indictment; the vessel was at Rotherhithe


, the box was upon deck, there was no room to put it below, the ship was so lumbered; I saw it the night before.

Did you ever hear of it again? - I heard of the rules and great coat at Shadwell. I believe them to be my rules, for my name is upon one of them.


                  WILLIAM
                   ELBY
               



             sworn.
On the 17th of February, I was at New Crane, and I heard of a boat being stolen from there, that was loaded with cotton; I took Falconer, who was a-bed at Mr. Chaffey's, and when I came down stairs, there were two women in bed, and I found these tools up one pair of stairs in a cupboard on the landing place, and this dark lanthorn, and some gimblets, and some rules.
I think you told us, on a former indictment, that this house of Mr. Chaffey's was a lodging-house? - There is only one bed in the house; the two girls lay in another chamber; Falconer said he knew nothing about the things; it is a disorderly house, I am informed, and from the company I saw in it, I know it to be so; here is a coat which was up in the one pair of stairs at Chaffey's, in the room where the girls were.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. In fact, you have known a number of people assemble in that house at different times? - I have seen other families there.
- FORRESTER sworn.
The prisoner Turner and Abrahams were in a garret there, and there I found this great coat, in the room where they were, it is all over cotton; Turner and Abrahams were in the room together; there was a girl of the town put a handkerchief round the Jew's neck, and they denied any knowledge of the great coat, but the Jew lad said this was his bag; they did not say how the great coat came there; the girl of the town said that two sailors had brought it a day or two before.
Richardson. This is my coat.
What do you know it by? - I have had it eight years, there is no sleeve-lining, and it is moth-eaten on the right side, and several of the buttons shelled; I cannot swear to the bag.
Prisoner's Turner and Abrahams. There are witnesses on the outside of the door, about the great coat.
COLLET MOORE sworn.
What do you come here about? - It is enough to shock one to speak among all you gentlemen, but if you will give me time, I will speak.
Let me caution you to speak the truth? - Very well gentlemen, I will speak as far as I do know; I live at No. 8, and this coat was brought by two men into my sister's house, where I live, Sir.
What coat was it? - A light colour dirty coat, it was before these two men were taken up.
Who were the two men? - I cannot say they came to their lodging, and went away the next morning, and they left their great coats behind them.
Did they leave it to pay their lodging or what? - They paid for their lodging, and they asked leave to leave it.
What sort of a great coat was it? - A lightish dirty sort of a drab colour, just like this man's coat, but only it may be dirtier, I will not say.
What became of the coat afterwards? - Mr. Forrester came on the Friday morning, and took it out of my sister's house, it was the very same coat that the men left, which Forrester took out on the Friday morning, I am quite sure it was the same.
You were in the room with these two men when they were taken? - Sir, I was not in the room, when these men first came up, I went up after.
Do you think you should know the coat if you was to see it? - I never took it up in my hands.
Court to Elbey. Shew her the coat you produced? - That is not the coat.
Court. Shew her the other? - Yes, I will swear to the coat, it was much such another as this.

Can you swear the coat that Forrester took on Friday morning was the same coat the man left? - No, only it was the same colour.
The prisoner Abrahams called four witnesses to his character.


                  ALEXANDER
                   FALCONER
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .


                  JAMES
                   TURNER
               




                  ELIAS
                   ABRAHAMS
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
