





677. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WOOD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of September
, thirty-six yards of ribbon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Living
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  THOMAS
                   LIVING
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 28, Holborn


, below the bars; on Wednesday the 5th of this month in the evening, between seven and eight o'clock, I was looking over a quantity of gloves that were come in that day up stairs, and on coming down, I went behind the counter; I saw the prisoner at the bar looking at some ribbons; there were several of my young ladies in the shop; one of them (
               
                  Ann
                   Adams
               



            ) told me he had stole some ribbons.
Did she tell you openly or privately? - Openly.
She said it to his face did she? - I can't say whether he heard it or not, but she spoke loud enough for him to hear; I took hold of him and charged him with it, and he said I know I have, and took them out of his pocket.
What quantity? - About thirty-six yards in the whole; there was a mazarine blue and a pink: immediately after I had got the ribbons from him, he said he had never seen them nor touched them, nor they never had been taken out of his pocket; I sent for a constable, and he took charge of him.
Was the ribbons that you took out of his pocket your's? - Yes, it had my private mark upon it.
Mr. Knowlys, prisoner's counsel. You keep a shop in Holborn? - Yes.
Have you a partner? - No.
Nor any person that partakes of the profits arising from your trade? - No.
Were you in the shop when the prisoner first came in? - No; I was up stairs.
You were not by when he bought some ribbon and paid for it? - No.
You have told us that you think that what was said, was loud enough for the prisoner to hear? - Yes.
And he stood his ground? - Yes.
When you charged him with having the ribbon, the answer he made was, I know I have; but upon your oath, did not he add to that these words, I have no more than what I mean to pay for? - He said so when he got before the aldermen at Guildhall.
You do not recollect whether he said so at the time? - No, he did not.

Jury. Were there any marks of the length of the ribbons upon them? - There was none at that time, but one of them was a half piece, and had never been touched.
Do you happen to know if the prisoner is a married man? - No further than I have been told.


                  ANN
                   ADAMS
               



             sworn.
On the 5th of this month, the prisoner came into Mr. Living's shop, and asked for some narrow ribbon; I shewed him a roll of three penny and fourpenny ribbon; from that drawer he took a piece of blue sattin, and put it in his left hand pocket; he said there were none narrow enough, and wanted to see some three halfpence a-yard; I shewed him some, and he desired me to cut him off two yards of blue, which I did; he gave me a shilling to pay for it; before he had his change, he wished to look at some wider; I then took up a drawer that had china ribbon, from that he took a piece of pink; I did not see him take that, but I knew it was our's when he took it out of his pocket; they were not wide enough; I took out another drawer that was sixpence halfpenny a yard; he desired me to cut him off two yards of that; while I was measuring it, I saw him take a half piece of mazatine blue ribbon, which had never been cut; I was going to send up to Mr. Living, when he came down by accident with some gloves; I told him that man had got some ribbon; he asked me if I was sure, I said I was.
Did the prisoner attempt to go off when you told Mr. Living? - As Mr. Living laid hold of him, and charged him with it; he said he knew he had; he seemed to be in some confusion; he said he knew he had, but did not want it; he took the other two pieces of ribbon out of his pocket, and wanted to put them under some papers that laid on the counter; I saw what he was going to do, and took them up in my hand; I lapped them up, and kept them in my possession till they were delivered to the constable next morning.
Did he say any thing about meaning to to pay for them? - He said he intended to have some of them; after that, he denied having had them in his pocket.
Mr. Knowlys. Though he might hear what you said he kept his ground? - Yes.
He laid the ribbon down on the counter before your face? - Yes.
To be sure you must have misunderstood something that he said, because it is hardly to be supposed that he said he did not take them; at one time he did say he intended to pay for them? - He said he intended to have some of them.
Do you happen to know if the prisoner is a married man? - No, I did not before he came into the shop, but he then told me he wanted them for his wife.


                  JOHN
                   SPEATMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I was sent for by Mr. Living to take charge of the prisoner; these ribbons were delivered to me by Miss Adams.
(Deposed to by the prosecutor and Miss Adams.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I asked for two yards of ribbon; I afterwards asked for some other ribbons; I took the ribbon in my hand; he charged me with it, and I said I had no more than I intended to pay for.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
