





650. 
               
                  
                     JOSHUA 
                     HARPUR
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of Sir 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Hales
                        




                     
                  , Bart.
 at the hour of two in the night, on the 24th day of August
 last, and feloniously stealing therein two feather beds, value 10 l. one linen bed-quilt, value 2 s. one bed-rug, value 12 d. one looking-glass, value 2 s. and twelve printed curtains, value 3 l. the property of the said Sir Edward
            .
The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.


                  SARAH
                   EATON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Sir 
               
                  Edward
                   Hales
               



            , there were two houses belonging to him, and one was empty, I shewed it and had the key, he lets it out ready furnished, there was nobody in it; on Sunday morning the 24th of August, between six and seven, I was alarmed by the watchman and several at the door to let me know that No. 8, was broke open, I went and missed the things mentioned in the indictment, I was informed a man was taken up who was in the watch-house, and I went there on Monday morning at ten, and I saw two beds the property of Sir Edward.


                  THOMAS
                   ELLIS
               



             sworn.
I live in Albemarle-street and keep a green grocer's shop, I got up about five in the morning, and I looked up and down the street, and saw no one, and as I was turning my head, I saw that young man at the bar with a bed upon his back, I took particular notice of him, then I went to the corner of the street, and there were three of them together, with that I went and stood at Mr. Neale's door, the corner of St. James's-street, and a watchman came up, and I told him, and we went together after them to Charles-court in the Strand, No. 18, and there I laid hold of the bag, and staid by it, and the patrol took the man, there was nobody with him, when he came down the court with the bed on his back, but I had seen him before with two others.


                  THOMAS
                   READSHAW
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman belonging to St. George's, I was coming off my watch about a quarter after five, and the last witness was standing, and he said there had been some house-breaking, and we pursued the man into Charles-court, one of them got into a house in that court, and he shut the door against me, and presently the prisoner came with a bed on his back down the court, he came from towards Albemarle-street, I ran away from the door where the other was, to assist in taking this Harpur, and he was secured, we then went to the house where the other went in.
(The bed and coverlid produced and deposed to.)
Court. What is that bed and coverlid worth? - I do not know, the Justice put them down what they were worth, if I was going to buy them, I would give two pounds for them.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was hired to carry this bed.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a very good character.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, as to the burglary, this was no dwelling house at that time, that is one reason why it is not capable of having a burglary committed in it; another reason is, this woman says she had not seen the house for a week before, therefore she cannot say any thing to the security of the house the night before, therefore there do not seem to concur any of those ingredients which constitute a burglary. - The next question is as to the stealing, and here the value may be material; you hear this man does not stretch it higher than forty shillings, which is the utmost verge that the law goes to, and perhaps that would be too much for you to go to.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
