





410. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BEALE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Imberty
                        




                     
                   on the king's highway, on the 5th of May
, and putting him in fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person and against his will, one silk handkerchief, value 12 d. one stick, called a supple-jack, value 2 d. his property
            .


                  FRANCIS
                   IMBERTY
               



             sworn.
On the 15th of May, about nine in the evening, I was met by the prisoner in Oxford-street


, I was alone, I met a party, there was about seven or eight of them together; I found my handkerchief going out of my pocket, and I turned about, and the prisoner knocked me down directly; he never spoke to me nor I to him; he struck me with his fist and foot, and cut my ancle and threw me on the curb-stone, I recovered myself a little, I was so stunned, and attacked him again, till the young man came to my assistance, and then he ran away; I never saw him before, it was not quite dark, I could discern him exceedingly well.
How long was he with you together? - I suppose about two or three minutes; I am quite sure he is the man, and he did not quite me; the handkerchief was taken out of my pocket that moment.
The handkerchief, was out of your pocket before he struck you? - Yes, I felt it go out, and I turned round, and he knocked me down directly; there was a great crowd gathered round; I do not know what became of the other party, I lost my stick, it was a suple-jack, the prisoner took it from me.
Did you strike at him with it? - No.
When did he take it from you? - I was down and he wrenched it out of my hand, I am quite sure; I am quite positive he was the man that took the stick out of my hand; I was so knocked down I could not speak a word, but a young man that is here came and helped me up; he was at a shop door, and saw the transaction, his name is 
               
                  John
                   Ingre
               



            .
When was the man taken? - He jumped over an area; I did not see him jump over, but I saw him get out of the area; he was laying down on his back in the area, we knocked at the door, and a woman came up with a candle, that might be some few minutes after he knocked me down, about ten minutes.
When you saw him again within that ten minutes, had you then any doubt, upon your oath, whether he was the man or not? - I had no doubt at that time.
Did you find your handkerchief, or stick about him? - I understood nothing about the matter, he was not searched.


                  JOHN
                   INGRE
               



             sworn.
About nine, on the fifteenth of May, I heard a noise against a door in Oxford-street, I live at No. 89, I saw some people assemble, and this gentleman in the kennel, I ran to his assistance, the prisoner was upon the gentleman using him very ill, I asked him what they were doing to him, and he did not make me any reply.
Did you know the prisoner before? - No, as soon as I got up to him, he had hold of one end of the stick; and Mr. Imberty the other, he threw him on the ground, when I came up to him, Mr Imberty let go the stick; I turned round to assist Mr. Imberty, I saw him strive to get up, but he fell down again, I lifted him, the prisoner got off and ran down Nags-head-yard, and turned upLondon-mews, I saw him jump down an area, the left hand side of Queen-street, I was pursuing him all the way, I did not see what became of the stick; we knocked at the door, the gentlewoman came with a light, he was laying in the area, he got up, he said he had not robbed any body, I caught hold of his collar, then we took him, and he began to swear till he saw we were resolute, then he dropped down on his knees, and begged pardon; he was taken to the watch-house.
Had you threatened, or promised him any thing? - No, he never was out of my sight, he did not set off to run, till I got Mr. Imberty upright, he never was out of my sight till he jumped into the area.
Jury. When you took him to the watch-house, you gave him in custody of the serjeant of the watch? - Yes.
Was he searched? - He was not at that time.
Did the prosecutor accuse him of robbing him? - He gave charge of him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE
I was coming down Oxford-street, and saw this gentleman; two men were using him ill: Mr. Imberty struck me with a stick, and I laid hold of it, I know nothing of the handkerchief; the next morning he said it was a silk handkerchief; then he said it was a kind of a cotton handkerchief, worth about six-pence; then they fell a beating me over the shins, and I was taken; I expected my father here, but his business lay another way.
Court to Prosecutor. Recollect you are upon your oath, and that man's life is in danger; in this business, did you or not strike at any body, before you was knocked down? - No, I did not speak, or strike with my fist, or my stick.
Did you strike him on the shins at any time? - I might in my struggle, but I do not remember it, I did not strike at him.
Did he speak to you, and say why do you strike, in that way? - Not a word, not one person spoke to me.
Prisoner. The gentleman was in liquor? - I was not quite sober; but yet I understood what I was about.
Jury. In the charge that you gave to the officer; did you give charge as for an assault; or as for a robbery? - He gave it in, that he had lost a handkerchief and stick.
Jury. Then I conclude from that, that the man immediately searched him; because we are very particular upon those matters; I am one of the vestry of that parish.
Court. We have such instances? - Mr. Imberty did not take upon himself to say, that this man had taken his handkerchief; I saw him take the stick myself.
Did you see what he did with the stick? - No, I did not, nor I did not see what became of it at all.
Court. What was was the value of this stick? - I gave a shilling for it.



               GUILTY, of the robbery
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
