





408. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STEPHENSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May
, half a crown and a shilling
            , the monies of 
               
                  George 
                  Potter
               




            .


                  GEORGE
                   POTTER
               



             sworn.
I am a haberdasher
 in Gerard-street, the prisoner has lived in my service rathermore than two years as a porter
; the first intimation I had of it was on Monday, May the 18th; I was informed by some of my servants that he made a practice of robbing my till; and on the Wednesday, at the time of my going to dinner, I prepared some money marked; I went to my smith, and desired he would mark it for me, I saw it marked; I generally leave in the till about a guinea in change at my dining-hour, which is four o'clock; I left that day half a guinea in gold, eight shillings and half a crown, and two six pences which had been previously marked by the smith; this money had likewise been shewn to one of my servants, who noticed these marks in particular; I had likewise prepared a hole through the wainscot, and I placed myself close to the wainscot to watch; I had not been there above seven or eight minutes, before the prisoner at the bar came from the compting-house, which was his proper place behind the counter; he placed himself near the till, took it out, put in his right hand, and took out something which he put into his breeches pocket; as soon as he shut the till again, and was turning round, I rushed out upon him, I collared him immediately, and told him he had robbed me; I then desired he would empty his pockets; he himself took the money from his breeches pockets, where I think there was nine or ten shillings in silver; we then looked into the till, and we missed a half crown piece and a shilling of the marked money, and among the money he himself put from his breeches pocket on the counter, was the half crown and shilling so marked; two of my servants, who saw the whole transaction, are here.
- HUDSON sworn.
I produce the money which was taken off the counter, from among some money which I saw the prisoner pull out of his pocket; I saw this money before it was put in among other, it is the same, I know the shilling in particular, there are other marks in it; the half crown I have no doubt of.
(The money deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  CHARLES
                   MORRIS
               



             sworn.
I marked this money, I know them by these marks; these are the marks I put upon them, I have no doubt.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, I have no character; I was advised to plead guilty, and not to trouble my friends.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


