





786. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EADY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
 last, a black silk cloak, value 5 s. a white linen apron, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Page
                        



                     
                  ; and one cloth great coat, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Woodwell
                  



               
            .


                  MARY
                   PAGE
               



             sworn.
I live No. 111, Old-street


; I lost a black silk cloak, and an old white apron, on Sunday the 27th day of September last, about twenty minutes after eight o'clock in the morning; and a great coat of Mr. Woodwell's; I am servant
 to him; it was his property then; but he has sincegiven it to me for my little boy; the things were in a little back room joining the shop, he is a baker
; I did not miss the things till I was informed of the robbery.


                  WILLIAM
                   PEACOCK
               



             sworn.
On Sunday morning, the 27th of September, between eight and nine, going along Goswell-street, I met the prisoner and another with him; the prisoner had a bundle under his coat; I suspected, and followed them; they ran; I pursued them, and the prisoner threw down this black silk cloak, apron, and great coat; I took him into custody.
Court to Mrs. Page. Was you out at that time in the morning? - I was not come down; while my little boy came down and went to light a candle, they were gone; he is not here; I left them on the back of a chair, on Sunday night.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Taking a walk in the fields, I saw ever so many boys, and they ran down a ditch; and I saw these things in Goswell-street field.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
