






470. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LEE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HYSER
               



             were indicted, for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Gleig
                        




                     
                  , the said Alexander and others of his family being therein, on the 17th of June
, about the hour of three in the forenoon, and stealing a copper, value 12 s. two copper porridge-pots, value 20 s. a copper stewpan, value 2 s. and a brass skillet, value 2 s. the property of the said Alexander
            .


                  ALEXANDER
                   GLEIG
               



             sworn.
On the 17th of June, I had my house broke open; about a quarter after 4 o'clock in the morning I heard a noise, I thought some of the servants were got up to washing, and I did not take my further notice of it; but when the servants got up about 6 o'clock, they informed me that the house was broke open.
Who was last up the night before? - I believe the house-keeper was last up, but I was up till 12 o'clock.
Were the doors and windows all fast? - Yes.
Do you know that yourself? - Yes.
How was it in the morning? - The kitchen door was wrenched open, which opened into the yard; the adjoining house is an empty house, through which we suppose they came; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, the copper was taken out of the brick work; I heard that a person had been stopped at Clerkenwell with a large pot, I enquired and found the man that had stopped him.
Who was he? - His name is Isaacs.


                  THOMAS
                   ISAACS
               



             sworn.
On the 17th of this month, about a quarter past 5 in the morning, I was going out about some business, I saw the prisoner Lee, with a copper upon his head going down a court opposite to my house, where Hyser has an apartment; I immediately went up to him and took him into custody, I took the copper from him, and as I was taking the copper home to my own house, I saw the prisoner Hyser, about twenty yards from me with a large black pot upon his back, upon seeing me he ranback again with the pot; I took Lee to prison immediately.
Are you sure it was Hyser that you saw? - I am very positive it was him, when I came back from taking Lee to prison, I saw Hyser coming out of the court towards Turnmill-street without any thing, I took him into custody immediately; there was the mark of the black pot upon his back, and I took him to prison; the prosecutor afterwards came to my house and claimed the copper, I went and tried it into the brick-work, and it fitted exactly.


                  WILLIAM
                   LOWE
               



             sworn.
On the 17th of June, about a quarter after two o'clock, I was coming past the prosecutor's house and saw three men loitering about.
Do you know who they were? - No.


                  CHARLES
                   JEALOUS
               



             sworn.
I saw three men going up Water-lane, about half past 4 o'clock in the morning.
Do you know who they were? - No.


                  SARAH
                   READ
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the prosecutor, I went to bed about 12 o'clock that night; the doors and windows were then fast.
The prisoners did not say any thing in their defence.
LEE, 


               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods, but not Guilty of breaking the house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
HYSER, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
