






135. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GREEN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     PINKSTAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th day of May
, sixty-seven yards of brown linen, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thwaits
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   THWAITS
               



             sworn.
I am a linen draper
 in Holborn


; the justice sent to all the linen drapers, that some property had been stolen on the 19th or 20th of May; and I looked and found I had lost some cloth; I had not missed it before.


                  BARTHOLOMEW
                   GROJAN
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I caught the cloth on one of the jockey's shoulders (his name is Green) in Hart-street, Bloomsbury, on last Friday three weeks; I don't know the day of the month, it was half past eleven o'clock at night.
Court. Were they talking together? - No, Pinkstan was before Green three or four yards; I asked him what he had on his shoulder, and he said nothing.
Did Pinkstan say any thing? - No, when Green threw the cloth down, they run away together; I sprung my rattle and my partner came, and we pursued them and took them.


                  EDWARD
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman, I came up and took the prisoners, when they ran away they came up to me; when Grojan came up, he said they were the men; Green demanded the coat that was round his cloth; I said you stole this cloth somewhere; and he said he found it in Red-lion-street, in Holborn; Pinkstan said nothing about it.


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I was constable of the night; this cloth was brought to the watch-house, I have had it ever since; I put my mark on it; I advertised the cloth, and the prosecutor came and claimed it; it was about four days after the prisoners were taken.
THOMAS CLAY sworn.
I was shopman to Mr. Thwaits.
Court. When did you last see the cloth before it was advertised? - I cannot tell exactly.
Had any part of the piece been sold? - Yes, the whole piece was about one hundred yards; there was about thirty sold, here is sixty-seven yards here.
(Deposes to the cloth by a private mark.)
Do not you sell the cloth with the private mark on it? - Yes.
Had you any more than one piece? - Yes, we had four.
Have you sold any of that cloth with that mark on it? - No, the mark is on the outside fold, and we cut the inside fold: on the evening these were supposed to be stolen, we were busy, and I suppose it might be taken at the time the lamps were dull, and the shop was rather dark.
Thwaits. I am certain the cloth is my property, there is my own private mark and my brother's.
Had you sold any part of this cloth with the mark on it? - No.
PRISONER GREEN's DEFENCE.
I am innocent of the affair.
PRISONER PINKSTAN's DEFENCE.
I never saw the cloth or the young man, till we were at the watch-house.



                  WILLIAM
                   GREEN
               






               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  CHARLES
                   PINKSTAN
               





               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
