





488. 
               
                  
                     SARA
                     H 
                     KELLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of June
, one base metal watch, gilt with gold, value 10 s. two keys, value 6 s. a linen shirt, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry William 
                     Taylor
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY
                   WILLIAM TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I lost my watch on the 6th of June, at one in the morning, I had been spending the evening in Poppin's Court, Fleet-street, I was a little in liquor, and unfortunately picked up that woman, I knew her before only by name, I took her to my lodging, and about four I awoke and found I had lost my watch.
Where did you pick her up? - By the side of Fleet-market, when I awoke missing her, I suspected I had lost something, I found my watch was gone and a shirt from the top of the bed, I applied to some man of St. Brides, he took me to her lodging on the Friday night, and on Saturday night she was taken, they called on me, I said I believed her to be the person from her appearance and voice; she then promised that she would bring the property the next day, saying she had pledged them; we depended on her word, but she never came; we found her again and took her before Alderman Sanderson, he questioned her about the matter, and she said she had sold the watch and pawned the shirt, in consequence of which he committed her, there were no threats of any sort, she said she had pawned the shirt, she said she gaveit to the person that lodged in the same house by the name of Elizabeth; I never saw the watch since, she said she had sold it to a person in Chick Lane.
You was drunk I suppose at this time? - Rather so, I should be sorry for an act of that kind if I was sober.
Are you quite sure that that is the girl? - Quite so.
You was not quite sure when she was taken first? - I said I thought her to be the same, and I believed her to be the same.
One of the Jury. My Lord, before the alderman he said he was very much in liquor.
Court. You was very drunk? - I do not know what you mean by very drunk, I did not tumble about; I had lost the faculty of my senses.
Where did you come from? - I had been in Poppin's-court, but I went part of the way with a friend.
Where had you been drinking? - In Poppin's-court, the sign of the Bell.
Did you meet with any other woman? - Not a soul that I can take upon me to say.
Are you sure you had your watch when you came in? - Quite sure, I saw it some little time before I quitted the company, and I have a custom of putting chain and all into my pocket.
Did not you lose it chain and all out of your pocket in the street? - I know from nothing else but her own confession.
Are you quite sure you had it when you came home with the girl? - I am as sure as I am here, I let myself in and fastened the door on the inside, so she let herself out; I had seen the woman before.
But she had never been at your lodgings nor you at hers? - Not to my knowledge.
Did you know her name? - I think she told me her name was 
               
                  Sarah
                   Kelly
               



             at that time.
Do you know 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Kelly
               



            ? - I do not.


                  PHILLIP
                   CKOCKFORD
               



             sworn.
I am servant to a pawnbroker, I took in a shirt the 6th of June, it was fetched out again.
Who brought it? - The woman's name that brought it is 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Norris
               



            , I delivered the shirt to Mr. Barber.


                  RICHARD
                   BARBER
               



             sworn.
On the 8th of June, Mr. Taylor came down to the watch-house, and said he had been robbed of his watch and his shirt by one 
               
                  Sarah
                   Kelly
               



            , and about three hours after she was brought disorderly to the watch-house, I then sent for him to know whether this was the girl that robbed him, he said it was the very woman that robbed him of his watch and his shirt, she said she had the watch, and had pledged it, but would bring it at nine on the Monday morning; she did not come, I found and took her before the alderman, he committed her, that was the 10th, there were no threats or promises to my knowledge, she said she gave the shirt to pawn to one Bet Kelly, and she said she sold the watch to one Jem Day; alderman Sanderson desired me to find this Kelly, and search Day's house; we found nothing there.
(The shirt deposed to by prosecutor, mark'd No. 4. F. in red.)
Elizabeth Kelley gave me a ticket, and desired me to give it to Mr. Barber, she said she was afraid to go herself.
Crockford. I delivered the shirt to Mr. Barber.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
