





434. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of April
, three guineas, value 3 l. 3 s and 18 d. in monies numbered
            , the monies of 
               
                  John Knaresborough 
                  Simpson
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   KNARESBOROUGH
               



             SIMPSON sworn.
On Saturday last about half past three I was returning from the Temple, going into Leicester-fields, and before I came there this young fellow and two or three more that were with him forced me on a step in Henrietta-street


, there was a considerable number of people but I particularly marked this young fellow and two or three that were with him, I endeavoured to get out of the croud as I was going to dinner, and they still followed me, and I found some person's hand in my breeches pocket at the left side, I immediately missed my money which I had before, I turned myself round and there was another young fellow had hold of the prisoner's arm, and both their hands were at my pocket, but whether or not Griffiths took the money I will not say; I saw the other young man's hand in my pocket, the prisoner's hand was three or four inches from me, I immediately seized the other person who had hold of this person's arm by the collar, I said to him you rascal you have picked my pocket, I have lost such a sum of money; this Griffiths struck me on my right side, and forced the other person from me, and said he knew him, and called me a rascal for accusing him of being a pickpocket, for that he was a tradesman's son, upon which I applied to three or four that were near me, I told them I had my pocket picked, they assisted me, and I seized the prisoner by the collar, and held him as well as I was able, I was beset by several of the gang who struck me in several places, he denied it, he was searched and no property was found upon him, I am sensible that he had hold of the person's arm whose hand I felt at my pocket, he was with him all the time.
Was he stooping towards your pocket? - He was not.
Which arm had the other hold of? - They got me round them, and the other person stood on my left side and this on my right.
Had this man his other arm round you? - No, after they had picked my pocket the other that was with him separated, and this person struck me.
The remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 21st of APRIL, 1784, and the following Days;
Being the FOURTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     ROBERT
                      PECKHAM
                  



               , Esq; 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON
TAKEN IN SHORT HAND BY E. HODGSON, And Published by Authority.
NUMBER IV. PART VI.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXIV.
[PRICE SIX-PENCE.]

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.
Continuation of the Trial of 
                  
                     Henry
                      Griffiths
                  



               .

The one man was on your left side behind you with his hand in your pocket? - Yes.
The other man was on your right side, was his right arm reached round before you? - I cannot say that.
Then it could not by any possibility be near you pocket? - It was his left arm that was near my pocket, they were not arm in arm as people walk in the street, only crossed within his arm, and they were both behind me.
Mr. Garrow Counsel for the Prisoner.
May I take the liberty of asking you who you are? - I live at Newcastle upon Tyne, I am a haberdasher
.
This was much about the close of the poll? - Half past three o'clock.
There was a pretty considerable mob at this time? - There was.
Some Pittites and some Foxites, some in good humour some in bad humour? - That I cannot tell.
Have you prefered any indictment against this man for an assault? - No.
Nor any for a rescue? - No.
This man you say did not pick your pocket? - I do not swear that.
And this man mistaking the part you was of gave you a blow? - No.
Do you recollect seeing Mr. Bachara in the mob? - Yes I saw this man.


                  RICHARD
                   BLANDY
               



             sworn.
I went into the street where the quarrel arose, I heard the alarm of a pick pocket, this Gentleman and two more brought the prisoner, I knew nothing before that, I found sixpence upon him.


                  ISAAC
                   BACHARA
               



             sworn.
I am a tradesman.
Do you recollect being in Covent Garden at the time the prosecutor has described? - Yes.
In what situation did you observe him? - I was standing there to see the election, I went to see Mr. Fox as I had heard talk of him, the prisoner stood next to me, the gentleman looked and looked, and at last he collared a man, that man goes away from him, he came back again and caught hold of the prisoner, says he you must be an accomplice with the other man, says the prisoner if I have done any thing amiss search me, the prisoner said he would not go away, the prosecutor took the prisoner, there was nothing found upon him.
Court. You mean to say then that when this gentleman first collared the other, the prisoner was not with him? - The prisoner was on this side, and I was in the middle.
Then the prisoner was not with the other man? - He did not hold the other man nor was he near him, there were several together.
Upon your oath Sir will you swear that? - I went to the Justice and told the same story there.
Will you swear now that the prisoner and the other man were not together when you first saw them? - I cannot swear that.
Prosecutor. The witness here has said he mentioned the same thing before the Justice, he came into the room, the Justice would not suffer him to speak, he gave no account before the Justice.
Constable. Not a word, my Lord.
Bachara. I told the Justice the very same.
Prosecutor. He was not suffered to speak.
Jury to Bachara. What are you? - A hatter by trade.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, if these two people were together upon the business of picking pockets, and you believe that they shoved this gentleman up jointly, for the purpose of getting an opportunity of picking his pocket, and that they followed him for that purpose, and one of them got his hand into his pocket and the felony was compleated, the other being present and assisting at the time, the man whose hand was not in his pocket was equally guilty with the man whose hand was in; if you are clearly satisfied from the evidence, that he was actually aiding and assisting the others, in the attempt to pick the gentleman's pocket, you will find him Guilty; but whether the evidence under all the circumstances is sufficiently clear and certain to satisfy your minds of that, is a question for your determination.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
