






832. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROMAINE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 31st of July
 last, one cloth great coat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles Alexander 
                     Crickett
                  




               
            , Esq
;


                  CHARLES
                   ALEXANDER CRICKETT
               



            , Esq; sworn.
Did you lose a great coat last July? - I did, on the 31st of July, it was my coachman's great coat, I was returning to my house in Charlotte-street, in a chariot that was not my own, my own being out of repair, and it was one that my coachman had got for that day, there was a particular injury done to the carriage, I was going along Hart-street


, when of a sudden I was thrown back in my carriage, and it appeared to me it was broke down, I called to the coachman, he got off his box directly, he went to the hinder part of the carriage, and I heard him say presently, that the brace was cut, I got out as soon as I could, and as I was getting out, there was a man that was taking one of the glasses down on the off-side of the carriage, I spoke to him pretty warmly to let the glass be as it was; I heard the coachman say it was cut, it immediately occured to me it was cut designedly, I went to the hinder part of the carriage to judge of it whether it was cut or no, I run my finger and had no doubt but it had been cut, upon which I went towards the side of the carriage to see if the things were safe, I had some little articles in the carriage, and I knew there was the coachman's great coat upon the box; he fat upon it, and on the side of the carriage, I saw the great coat drawing off the box, upon which I got as hastily forward as I could to the head of the horses, and I saw a man run away with the great coat, there is a short, turning on the left hand which goes to Hyde-street, I called out stop thief! pretty loudly two or three times, the man continued still with the great coat, and when he had got a little way on the pavement he dropped it, I am only speak-of a man, not of the prisoner, I cannot identify him otherwise than I shall explain to you; he pursued his way to the corner of the next street, and I saw there more than two or three persons, there was no other persons running in the street, I stood so as to command the whole street; at the corner I saw a struggle, I called out, have you got him? the answer was, yes; I saw two or three persons with the great coat: I went on towards the man and took hold of him, and brought him, expecting that the coachman had taken hold of another man: I conceive the prisoner to be the man that carried off the great coat; I cannot speak to him positively any otherwise than that it was impossible that any other man could have gone to the corner of the street; he was the man that was stopped, and I had my hand upon him in a moment, the whole transaction was of a very short duration.


                  JOHN
                   NASH
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman to Mr. Crickett; this great coat was on my box the 31st of July, as I was driving my master home; I did not see the man pulling it off, I was under the carriage, the brace of the carriage was cut in two, I was bracing it up again, and was under the carriage when the coat was taken off.
Did you see the prisoner taken? - No; I found the coat on the pavement, some distance from the carriage; I did not see the prisoner about the carriage.


                  WILLIAM
                   FIELD
               



             sworn.
I was standing at the Yorkshire Arms door, near Bloomsbury-market, and I heard the cry of stop thief! and I saw the prisoner run from the corner where the carriage was standing, and I caught at him, and he struggled, and tore my waistcoat, and he got from me; he had no great coat; I caught him again, and held him till assistance came.


                  PATRICK
                   KELLY
               



             sworn.
I called half past ten, the moon shone very bright, heard the cry of stop thief! I saw the prisoner run six or seven yards in the coach-way, and when he came upon the pavement, I saw him drop the coat from his left-arm; I never lost sight of him till he was taken: I saw nobody run from the carriage but him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
When they took me to the watch-house, the prosecutor asked every body round if they knew me, they said no; he asked me what I was doing, I was so frightened I did not know what to say: it is all false; I have had several witnesses every day, but I have nobody to send for them now, or else I had plenty of gentlemen.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
