





812. 
               
                  
                     SIMON 
                     ALLEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th day of July
, one pair of woman's stays, value 5 s. one striped apron, value 8 d. a paper fan, value 2 d. an iron fork, value 1 d. three gauze handkerchiefs, value 3 d. and two pieces of printed linen, value 2 d. one pincushion, value one halfpeny, one needle book, value one halfpenny, one pair of stockings, value 6 d. and one hair trunk, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Coleman
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  ELIZABETH
                   COLEMAN
               



             sworn.
I lost my goods the 27th of July from a fire, No. 5, Abchurch-lane


.


                  GEORGE
                   SPINKES
               



             sworn.
I was assisting Mr. Beard when his house was on fire, I brought this box down out of the garret, and put it into the Post-office yard; it was a round hair trunk without a direction, it is here.
Court to Coleman. Do you know it was your box? - Yes, there was a letter in it, directed for me, at No. 5.


                  ISAAC
                   BEARD
               



             sworn.
Here is the letter, this is the direction which was to the girl, to my house, where I was burnt out; Mr. Darby brought this letter to me.
- DARBY sworn.
I was at the fire with an engine, the watchman stopped this box on the prisoner at the bar.


                  JAMES
                   HAWKINS
               



             sworn.
I stopped the prisoner with this box, as I was crying the hour of three; the prisoner was coming with this hair trunk on his shoulder, just turned the corner into Mark-lane, we stopped him, he said it was his sister's property, we took him to the watch-house, and there he said, it was his master's.
(The letter shewn to the prosecutrix.)
Prosecutrix. This letter was in my box.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Council, to Prosecutrix. Was Mr. Beard's house burnt? - Yes.
You was very much confused? - Yes.
What time did the fire begin? - Between one and two.
You was exceedingly alarmed? - Yes.
Very much bufied? - Yes.
A great many people were there? - Yes, a great many more than I know of.
Your trunk might have been taken away by any stranger? - Yes, I supposed it was burnt.
Court to Spinks. How many more trunks were there in that room? - There were two, I brought down two, and carried them into the Post-office.
Mr. Garrow to Hawkins. What condition was the prisoner in, when you found him? - I did not see he was any way in liquor.
He was walking on publickly, like any body else, that had been to protect property from the ravages of those that meant to steal it? - I did not perceive any thing of the kind, he said, he was carrying them to the Three Kings, in the Minories; I did not go to that house, but I afterwards understood he had been drinking there, till he went to assist at the fire.
Mr. RYAN sworn.
I am a watchman, I stopped the prisoner with a leather trunk, and a wash-hand-bason and other things.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I cannot tell any thing at all about it, I leave it all to my Counsel; I was much tosticated in liquor, there is a witness here that was by at the time it was given to me.


                  THOMAS
                   DEMPSEY
               



             sworn.
I live in the Minories, No. 3; I recollect a fire in Abchurch-lane, I was there, I came down from Holborn at that time; I saw the engines going by, I saw the prisoner there, and I saw a woman reach him a box, by the way of taking care of it; says she, take care of it.
What sort of a box was it? - It was a sort of reddish trunk, I would not have given a penny for it, it was tied up with a sort of lace or pin case, as I could think at that time, the man took it under his arm first, and put it on his shoulder; I said to him, Mr. Allen, what fetches you here at this time, I knew him before; she followed him as far as I could see.
Jury. Had the prisoner any thing else in his hand? - She seemed to reach him the trunk, and I do not know what she was going to give him besides.
Did you perceive any thing in either of their hands? - Nothing in the world; she asked him to carry it into Whitechapel.
The Prisoner called five more witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
