






298. 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     LEGG
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of March
 last, two linen shifts, value 4 s. two linen caps, value 6 d. one pair of stuff shoes, value 2 s. one pair of plated buckles, value 2 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 1 s. one linen handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Franklin
                  




               
            .
The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.


                  ANN
                   FRANKLIN
               



             sworn.
I live in Charles-street, Hatton-garden


, I am servant
 at the King's-Head, on the 12th of March, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment from the garret, which was my bed room, my master stopped the prisoner.


                  THOMAS
                   EADE
               



             sworn.
I keep the King's Head, in Charles-street, Hatton Garden, on the 12th of March, I met the prisoner coming down the one pair of stairs, I ran after him seeing things in his pocket, I put my back against the door, and asked him who he wanted to see, and I insisted on seeing what he had under his coat; he pulled a gown from under his coat which the maid owned; I sent for a constable who has the things which we took from him; we took shoes, buckles, stockings, and a cap or two, and one shift, and I believe an old handkerchief, from the prisoner; and the next morning the maid missed the other shift, and we searched him in the prison, and Fletcher pulled it out of his breeches, and he has it in his pocket now; this is the gown I took from him in the passage.


                  JOHN
                   FLETCHER
               



             sworn.
I am turnkey to Clerkenwell Bridewell, this was of the prisoners that made his escape on the second of November, I put him in a place by himself, and I searched him, and found this shift in his breeches.
(The shift deposed to.)
- HURST sworn.
I searched the prisoner, and found a pair of shoes, and a pair of stockings upon him.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was drinking at a publick house the night before, and the young woman came in and asked me to earn 2 s. and not having been in work, I was willing to accept of the opportunity; they desired me to go up three pair of stairs backwards, and I should find the door open, and the box opened; and I was to meet that same party that same night at nine o'clock.
Court. What have you been? - I am a shoe-maker by trade.
Have you worked in London? - Yes.
Court. For what purpose was it that you desired these witnesses to be examined apart?
Court. Gentlemen of the Jury, this is too plain a case to require any consideration.



               GUILTY
            ,




               Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
