





16. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GROCER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of November
 last, one piece of silver, weight six penny weights, value 20 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Terry
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   EASTFORTH
               



             sworn.
I was fourteen last October; I saw this man put this piece of silver, about a sixpenny weight, in the shop of Mr. Terry, under a water-pot; I gave it to my master, as soon as I picked it up; my master kept it; the man went home to dinner, then he put a cross upon it, and put it where I saw the man take it from; and when the prisoner had done work, he went and took it up, and I saw him put it in his breeches pocket, and went out; somebody fetched him back, and the constable searched him in my master's house.


                  JAMES
                   TERRY
               



             sworn.
I am a gold and silver caster
; on the 27th of November last, myself and two apprentices were at work in the shop; I was casting two hundred ounces of silver; on the second casting the mould ran over, and it stuck to the board, and the prisoner took the piece of silver up, and secreted it under the water-pot in the shop; the boy came immediately, and brought it to me; I marked it, and put the same piece of silver where he first put it, and I saw him stoop and pick it up.
- PROCTOR sworn.
I am a constable; I took the prisonerand searched him in Mr. Terry's house; the prisoner said, you need not search me, for I have got it.
(The silver produced, and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord and Gentlemen, I have worked for Mr. Terry five years; I verily believe Mr. Terry having taken this boy with an intent to discharge me; and not finding any cause to part with me, I have great reason to believe, that he placed the piece of silver, as a temptation for me to take it.


                  SAMUEL
                   LEWIS
               



             sworn.
The prisoner lodged with me three years; I have always known him a very honest, good character; and if he had not gone away, never would have parted with him.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
