





129. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BRADLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d day of October
 last, one trying plane, value 2 s. one tenant saw, value 2 s. one axe, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Stocker
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   STOCKER
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
; I was at work at Esquire Bateman's house, King-street, Covent-garden


; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; I left the house on Saturday; nobody was in it; on Monday the things were gone; I found them in the possession of one Mr. Wilson, who said he bought them of a man that he knew by sight, and he found the prisoner; he is a watchman; and he said he sold them for a widow woman, whose husband was a carpenter, and he said her name was Vaughan, but he could give no account where she lived.


                  JAMES
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I bought the tools of the prisoner, on Monday the 23d of October, about six in the evening, at the King's-head, in Monmouth-street; he asked me if I was not a bedstead-maker; I said I was; he said he knew a woman that had some tools to sell, whose husband was dead; he went out and brought them in about five minutes; he brought the trying plane a few days after, and I gave him five shillings for the things; I was taking my tools home; I had them in my hand; I put them down on my table; the prosecutor knew them directly; I told him I would go and look after the man, which I did; I found him out; and he was a watchman in St. Martin's.
(Produced and deposed to.)


                  WILLIAM
                   PAISLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a beadle; the prisoner is one of our watchmen
, a supernumerary; he had been employed six, eight, or nine months.
Where is his beat? - He had no particular beat because he was a supernamerary.
Do you know whether he was on duty, on Saturday the 21st of October? - I cannot tell, our watch-book will tell.
Court. Go to the watch-house, and bring the watch-book.


                  JOHN
                   ATKINSON
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner and searched his lodgings, and found a great quantity of keys.
(The keys handed up to the Court.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On Monday I went into a publick-house, and a woman came in with an axe and a saw, and she asked three or four of us who were sitting there, if we knew of any body that would buy these things; I said no; I said there was some people on the other side of the room that looked like carpenters; she asked me to ask the man; accordingly I did inadvertently; and he bought them; and I asked him four shillings, and he gave me half a crown; I did not know the woman only by seeing her accidently; her name was either Hall or Vaughan.
Is the woman here or any one of the witnesses here that heard the woman desire you to sell the things? - They have attended here, but they cannot attend to day.
Jury to Prosecutor. What part of the house were your tools in? - In the first floor, the door was locked, and the windows were boarded up.



               GUILTY
            .
The Beadle returned with the watch-book, by which it appeared he was on duty both Saturday and Sunday night, and therefore on duty the night the robbery was committed.
Court to Prisoner. You have been convicted on very clear and satisfactory evidence of a theft, though not of a value that affects your life, yet it is attended with circumstances that strongly call for a public example and severe punishment; as it appears clearly from the circumstances of this case, that that theft was committed by you, at a time when you was upon duty as a watchman; intrusted by the parish, and employed for the benefit of the public, to protect the neighbourhood from depredation and violence. There is an end to all safety to society, if those that are employed in the night to guard the persons and property of the King's subjects, become themselves the plunderers; therefore in such a case no punishment that the law authorises can be too severe: had the value been such as to have found you capitally guilty, I certainly should have recommended it to the Jury under the circumstances of your case not to have reduced the value, and there would have been every reason to believe that your Sovereign would have ordered you for speedy execution; it therefore becomes my duty to set as strong an example as can be; I shall not only sentence you for transportation, but the severest transportation that the law permits, the place of which must be Africa; you are therefore ordered by the Court to be 


               transported to Africa, for the term of seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
