





509. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MACKAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of June
 last, one silk cloak, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Jennings
                        



                     
                  ; and one silk cloak, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Wickstead
                        



.


                  SARAH
                   JENNINGS
               



             sworn.
I live in Brewer-street, Grosvenor-square


; a week ago last Tuesday three men came into my shop, and asked me if one Robinson lodged there; I told them no; they asked me if I could tell where he did lodge; I told them I could not; and when they went out again the prisoner had the cloaks under his arm.
Did you know him before? - Never saw him before.
What did you do in consequence thereof? - I called out stop thief, and in consequence some people brought the man back in the course of a quarter or half an hour.
Had you such a view of him as to know he was the same person that stole the cloaks? - By three men coming in, I cannot tell which it was till he was brought back.
Where was you? - In a room by the shop, and sat in a chair opposite the door, where I could perfectly see them, as the door between the shop and parlour was open.
Do you know it was the prisoner, or might it be somebody else? - I do not know, it was one of the three; the cloaks and the prisoner were brought back together, but whether he was the man that took them or no, I cannot tell.
Prisoner. I would wish to ask the lady whether she saw me come out with the cloaks under my arm? - No, I did not, but I can positively recollect, he was one of the three that was in the shop.


                  SARAH
                   WICSTEAD
               



             sworn.
I live with Mrs. Jennings, I lost an old cloak which I left hanging on a hook in the shop; I was not in the house when it was stolen.


                  PRICE
                   POWELL
               



             sworn.
On the 30th of June, about seven or eight in the evening, as I was coming down the square, I saw the prisoner running, I saw him taken, and in going back I picked up the two cloaks at a good distance from where he was taken; it was after he was taken, and I have kept them by me ever since.
(Produced.)
To 
               
                  Sarah
                   Wickstead
               



            . Is either of those cloaks your's? - Yes, I made it myself out of an old gown; the other I know to be Mrs. Jennings's, as well by wearing myself as by its being torn across one of the wings.
To Mrs. Jennings. Is that cloak your's? - Yes.


                  RICHARD
                   MORRIS
               



             sworn.
What do you know about this affair? - On the 30th of June last, about eight o'clock in the evening, I heard the cry of stop thief in Golden-square; I saw the prisoner running, and some people running after him, who told me he was the man,so I took him; he had nothing in his hand, nor did I see any thing in his hand at any time.


                  WILLIAM
                   SHADWELL
               



             sworn.
On the 30th of June there was a cry of stop thief in Lower James-street, Golden-square; I run out, and seing the prisoner running pursued him, and he over-runnings himself against a door-way stumbled, so that I came up to him and took him; and in going back again the cloaks laid in the street; we took him back to Mrs. Jenning, who wanted to forgive him; but as she had been robbed several times before, I told her she must prosecute; but however that night Mrs. Jennings did not go to the Justice, so we only lodged him on suspicion till the next day, when we all went and were bound over to prosecute.


                  JOHN
                   SMALLMAN
               



             sworn.
On the 30th of June, about eight o'clock in the evening, coming past Mr. Christie, the auctioneer's in Brewer-street, the prisoner came out of the shop, and as there was a cry after him, I pursued him on into Golden-square; and just as he got into Golden-square, in Lower James-street, he dropped the cloaks from under a black apron he had got about him; I never lost sight of him till he was taken.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I would wish to ask this witness why he never came to the Justice's to swear against me, as I am informed he was hired to come and swear against me here.
Court to Smallman. How came it you was not there? - I was obliged to go up to the East-India House.
Court to Shadwell. Did you see the witness Smallman there when the prisoner was taken? - Yes.
Court to Morris. Did you see him there? - Yes; and afterwards he went up to the Justice's with us.
Court to Powell. Did you see him there when the prisoner was taken? - Yes, and he came back with us into the shop, and afterwards went with us to the Justice's, but was obliged to go away before the examination.



               GUILTY
            , of stealing.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
