





425. 
               
                  
                     WALTER 
                     THOMAS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of May
, four glasses, called carriage glasses, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wheatley
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   WHEATLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a coach-maker
 in Oxford-street


;on Friday morning the 30th of May, we lost four glasses out of two carriages.
When had you seen them before? - The night before, there were two coach glasses, and two belonging to a vis-a-vis, two of them were broke and some pieces were left behind, I was informed that the prisoner had been seen with them.


                  WILLIAM
                   SECKER
               



             sworn.
I am a coach-maker, I met the prisoner between four and five o'clock in the morning, with two carriage door glasses and some broken pieces under his arm.
Did you know him before? - Yes, I have worked with him, I called to him, but he made no answer.
Are you sure it was him? - Yes.
Did you see his face? - Yes.
What became of him? - He went on, I thought no more of it, till I heard Mr. Wheatley had lost some glasses.


                  GEORGE
                   EADES
               



             sworn.
I am a coach-maker in Camomile-street; on Friday the 30th of May, about eleven o'clock in the morning I observed the prisoner passing my house with a quantity of coach glass under his arm.
Did you know him before? - Yes, I have known him twenty years, he is a journeyman coach-maker, having heard but an indifferent character of him, I suspected him, and watched where he went to, he turned into Mr. Dick's a joiner, about half a dozen doors from me, I went there but he was gone, he had left the glasses; Mr. Dick was not at home.
What glasses were they? - Two carriage-door glasses and some broken pieces, I desired he might be stopped when he came again; in the afternoon he came and told Mr. Dick he was very well known to me, and Mr. Dick brought him to me, I asked him how he came by the glasses, he said he had them of his son-in-law, I asked him what business his son-in-law was, he said he was in the horse-hair manufactory, I told him I thought it was strange such a person should have coach-glasses to sell; I told him he could have no objection to Mr. Dick's keeping the glasses till he fetched his son-in-law, he said he thought it perfectly right, and he went away; he came again on Monday; in the mean time I heard Mr. Wheatley had lost some glasses, and he was stopped on the Monday, and taken before a magistrate.
Mr. Dick confirmed the evidence of Mr. Eades, and deposed, that when the prisoner came again on the Monday, he brought a young man with him, who said he had used him ill in stopping his property, but not the person that he pretended was his son-in-law, that he was then taken into custody.
(The glasses produced in court.)


                  ROBERT
                   MURLESS
               



             sworn.
I am journeyman to Mr. Dick, I took the glasses of the prisoner, the first time he came my master was out, that is all I know.
To Wheatley. Have you any mark by which you can know these glasses? - No, but I have some of the broken pieces that were left behind (producing them), the edges of which when laid together exactly correspond with those the prisoner left at Mr. Dick's.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On the Thursday night I went to Oxford Road, to an old master of mine, to endeavour to get into the Charter-house; I met a coachman that I had known fourteen years ago, with these glasses under his arm; I bought them of him for a guinea, I thought I should get a shilling or two by them, though I did not very well know the value of it. I have worked with Mr. Eades when he was a journeyman.
To Wheatley. Did the prisoner ever work for you? - No, he had worked at the next shop below mine.
Where were the carriages standing from which the glasses were taken? - In the shop.

Jury. Was the door broke open? - No, the prisoner had been seen about the shop over night, and in the morning the shop door was found open, we had heard a great noise in the night, and I got up, and searched the shop, but among such a vast number of carriages as we have, a person might easily conceal himself.
Have you any witnesses to prove that? - No, I did not wish to take his life.
To Seeker. Whereabouts was it you saw the prisoner that morning? - A very little way from Mr. Wheatley's shop, he was going towards the city.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
