





282. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     GROVES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th day of March
 last, eighteen yards of jannet, value 40 s. eight yards of dimity, value 13 s. nine pair of cotton stockings, value 42 s. eleven pair of womens gloves, value 16 s. five pair of mens gloves, value 7 s. and one linen handkerchief, value 5 s. the goods and chattles of 
                     
                        
                           Luke 
                           Hogard
                        



                     
                  ; one pair of silk breeches, value 20 s. and one stone shirt pin, value 5 s. the goods and chattles of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Watman
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Luke
            .


                  JOHN
                   HOGARD
               



             Sworn.
I live in Long-acre, I am a haberdasher
, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, the prisoner at the bar had been my servant
 six weeks as a porter and footman; on the 17th of April, 
               
                  John
                   Watman
               



             told me he had discovered the thief, who had stolen some part of his property, and, that in searching for that, he had found a part which belonged to me, and which I did not know I had lost; I enquired what the things were, and he produced them; he said, he had sent him out upon some little business, and that he would be in he supposed in a few minutes; it displeased me, fearing he was gone, but he soon returned again, and upon his return, 
               
                  John
                   Watman
               



             and 
               
                  William
                   Harvey
               



             told me, that they had taken these things out of his box; I questioned him concerning these things, and he admitted the fact.
Court. In what manner did you question him, tell us all the conversation? - I enquired where they found the things, I was told in the prisoner's box, the prisoner was by, and he admitted that they were there, and that they were mine, he hoped I would shew him mercy; I spoke thus, how could you have the infamy to treat me so, who knew the size of my family, and know how hard I work; he hoped I would shew him mercy, says I, you may depend upon it, I will make an example of you in future for others; I shall take the necessary course of the law.
(The Things deposed to.)
Court. Was the box locked or open? - The box was locked and the key was lost, it was broke open.
Prosecutor. In order to support this with all the evidence I could, I enquired after some of his acquaintance; this pair of gloves and handkerchief, I found in the possession of a young woman, servant to a gentlewoman at Islington, but I believe her to be a good young woman.
Court. Is she here? - No, my Lord.
Court. Very well, then say nothing about her. - He admitted that he had given them to her; some part of the gloves are in the possession of the constable, which he took from his person, out of his pocket, and the pin which we now mention, was found in his pocket.
Court. What is the value of all these things? - I had stated them under the prime cost, in the indictment; I beg leave to mention to your Lordship, that I wished not to lay them so as to affect his life, but I could not get information on the subject.
Court. Were they taken out of your house? - They were not removed out of my house.
Court. If they were removed from the place where they were left by you, and where you thought proper to keep them, without your order or consent, it is as much a taking away, as if they were carried to York.
Prosecutor. Have I now an opportunity my Lord of altering the amount of the sum, I have not a wish to hurt his life: I will value them at thirty-nine shillings and eleven-pence if you will give me leave.
Court. You must take care you have sworn before to real value, and I do not know how upon oath you can go back, having once fixed a price of that sort.
Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   Eyre
               



            . It is not for prosecutors to take upon themselves to take liberties with the description of offences, they are to describe the offences truly, when the case comes before the Jury, the court do not enquire into the value, and the Jury may use a latitude; but it is not for prosecutors to say that things are not worth forty shillings which are worth five pounds.
Prosecutor. I do not wish it my Lord, I only wish to speak truth.
Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   Eyre
               



            . You have nothing to do with the event; do your duty and leave the event to the Court.
Prosecutor. I leave it in the hands of the Court most certainly, my Lord.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am quite innocent of the affair; I have no witnesses.
Court to Jury. You have heard gentlemen what is sworn at present with respect to the value, and therefore as he upon his oath cannot lessen it, you will give that sort of verdict, that you in point of conscience think you ought.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of thirty nine shillings
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice NARES.
