





755. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HUGHES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 2d day of September
, upon 
                     
                        
                           Edmund 
                           Lechmere
                        




                     
                  , Esq
; in the peace of God and our Lord the King, then and there being, feloniously did make an assault, and did then and there in a forcible and violent manner, unlawfully, willfully, and feloniously demand the money of the said Edmund, with intent to steal the same against the peace
            .


                  EDMUND
                   LECHMERE
               



            , Esq; sworn.
I live in Brunswick-row, Queen-square, and I was returning home in a hackney coach, at one o'clock on the morning of Monday the 2d of September; the coach was going pretty fast, and it stopped so suddenly, that I thought some accident had happened, or that one of the horses had fallen, I was on the left hand corner of the coach, and was just going to let down that window to ask the coachman if anything was the matter, when that instant the right hand door opened, and two men rushed in at the door, and one of them put his right-hand against me, and both of them at the same instant, said, your watch and your money, quick, Sir; quick, be quick! they repeated it several times; the other man who afterwards made his escape, a much shorter man than the prisoner, seeing he had an instrument in his hand, I could not tell what it was, I put my hand into my breeches pocket, where I had some gold and some loose silver, when at that very instant to my great surprise both the men who demanded my money vanished from the door; I heard a voice say with some expression that I cannot recollect, or mention, what do you stop my coach for, and about the distance of five yards, I saw two men struggling together; it was extremely dark, and I got out of the coach as fast as possible, the coach door was put too again, when I came up to the spot, the coachman said master, I have got one of them, but the other has made his escape; when I came up, I found the coachman and prisoner struggling together; it occurred to me at that very instant, from a manoceure of the prisoner as he was turning himself, that he meant to make his escape by pulling off his coat; I had no arms, nor a stick, I struck him with my fist, and he fell backwards, and I then seized him by the collar, and held him down and called out watch, and it was some minutes before the watchmen came, but when they did come up, they explained the circumstance of their not coming up immediately, for they were calling the hour, and were at a distant end of the street, and when they did come up, I will do them the justice to say, they used every attention and zeal in taking the man; the coachman was so active, that he left his coach and horses without any person on earth to take care of them, because he would secure him; the man was taken to the watch-house, he had no arms of any kind about him, he had not a knife at all; this is the whole of what I have to say, but I think in justice, I must add this, that he made use of no abusive imprecations whatever, or dreadful expressions of any sort, and he had no weapons about him of any sort; it would have been impossible if we had not secured this man at the instant, that I could ever have recollected their features, for I was coming by the rails of Bloomsbury Square, to Queen's Square, and they were with their backs to the lamps, therefore I could not see their faces.


                  CHARLES
                   CUNNINGHAM
               



             sworn.
I was going across Queen Square, with that gentleman home, and I saw two men running after the coach, and they hallooed out stop, stop, just as I came to the corner of Bloomsbury Square


 I stopped, and one of them says, damn you, stop this minute, I replied to the man, damn you, what do you want to stop my coach for? and I immediately jumped off my box; the other made off, and I caught this man at the coach door; I heard the prisoner demand the gentleman's watch and money.
Court. How do you know it was him? - Because nobody else was nigh but him; I laid hold of the prisoner, and got him down, and in a short time the gentleman came.
- PAYNE sworn.
I was crying the hour of one, in Southampton-street, Bloomsbury, I heard the cry of watch, watch, when I came up, I took hold of the prisoner, he was down on his backside, and as I took hold of him, the gentleman and the coachman both told me they had been stopped, and the coach door was opened by the prisoner at the bar, and the prisoner demanded his watch and money, and he told him to deliver it quick; I never quitted him till I took him to the watch-house.


                  THOMAS
                   FLOWER
               



             sworn.
I heard the cry of watch, watch, I took the prisoner, I never quitted him till he came to the watch-house; we searched him, there was nothing about him but 5 s. 6 d. in money.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I live in the neighbourhood of Liquorpond-street, and coming along Bloomsbury Square, I was a little in liquor, and I went against the rails, the coach stopped opposite to me, as I turned the corner of the square the coachman ran after me, and struck me with the side of his whip.
Court. Did the prisoner appear to be drunk? - I cannot say he did.


                  WILLIAM
                   CROPFORD
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner ever since he was six or seven years old, he was a fishmonger, and his father died and left him a good deal of money.
How long has he been a fishmonger? - Two or three years, I have not known him these two or three years particularly, I always thought he lived upon what his father left him; I have had dealings with him, I keep a shop at Temple Bar, I took him to be a very honest young fellow.


                  SAMUEL
                   OTTER
               



             sworn.
I have known him between four and five years, I have not known him these two or three last years, I never knew a dishonest thing by him in my life.


                  WILLIAM
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
I have known him ten years, a very honest, just man, I have not seen him some time, I do not know what he follows now, I thought he was independent, his father left him a great deal of money.
Jury. Where did he live at the time he was taken up? - I do not know, I saw him a week before.
How long before that? - I cannot rightly say.


                  JOHN
                   HENSHAW
               



             sworn.
I have known him about fourteen years, I lived at the next door to his father, he bore a very honest character to the best of my knowledge, I never knew any other of him; of late years I cannot say I know so much of him, he has left our neighbourhood about two years, his father was rather opulent, and left him a good deal of money.


                  CHARLES
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
Before the prisoner's uncle died, in his illness he got me to market for him, and he did sell a deal of fish, he took to the business himself, I thought he had a sufficiency to live on; while I knew him no man in the world bore a better character, as punctual and as upright as the day.


                  DAVID
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I have known him this fourteen years, he lived next door, and during the time I knew him, he bore a very good character, within these two or three last years, I have not had much acquaintance with him.
Court to Coachman. The Court is extremely well satisfied with your behaviour, and also with the watchman, therefore if you go to the officer, you will have a liberal allowance.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
