






70. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FULLER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KNOWLES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Holland
                        



                     
                  , Esq

; about the hour of eight in the night, on the 19th of November
 last, and burglariously stealing therein one iron shovel, value 2 s. the goods of the said Henry
            .
A second Count, laying it to be the property of one 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Smith
                  



               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I was employed at the house of Mr. 
               
                  Henry
                   Holland
               



            , junior, in Sloane-street, Chelsea


, I came home on the 19th of November, and every door in the house was fast, I doublelocked the door and went to bed about half past six in the evening; when I had laid about three quarters of an hour I heard a noise, I thought it was the window shutters clapping backwards and forwards, the glass of the windows was not in; I heard the noise come nearer to me, till it came into the next room; somebody tried to break open my door, I called out, Halloo! and they answered, and I said, what are you come to bed already? another man was to have laid in the room that night; I called again, and there was no answer, and I said I would shoot them, for they were thieves; I took a hatchet in my hand, and went out, and said, the first man I met I would cut his head and his arms off; when I came down stairs, the street door, the parlour door, and one or two of the other doors, were broke open; I went into the street, and called Watch! he came directly; there was a place where a house was to be built, and for a garden, and a ditch against the foot path, five feet high, and I saw the prisoners under the garden wall, and the watchman and me carried them to the watch-house; Fuller said, he went there to case himself; we found on each a clasp knife, and a common screw-driver on Fuller; just under the wall we found two sacks and a road shovel, which was taken from my door between seven and eight; we also found an iron crow; the house was well secured but not finished, the sashes were not in, there was no furniture in the house besides what I brought in.
Court. Was the flooring all finished? - All but a little of the garret.
The house then by your account was not finished fit for habitation? - No, my Lord, it wanted painting and glazing; there has been a great deal of lead taken from the houses all along the street, so they put me in to take care.
You was no part of Mr. Holland's family? - No.
You worked for him as a labouring man? - Yes.
Prisoner's counsel. You was examined before the Justice? - Yes.
Whose house did you then say it was - It went as the house of Mr. Squires.
Court. I am of opinion that this is not sufficiently a dwelling-house to support the indictment for burglary, it has never been inhabited; and whether this man watched in the inside or on the outside, makes no difference; he might as well have watched on the outside, there was no furniture in the house.
Prisoner's counsel. You saw a shovel near this house that had been at your chamberdoor? - Yes, I saw the shovel there half an hour after they were taken.


                  JOHN
                   HOTTY
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman, I was called by Smith the 19th of November, I found the prisoners under the shade of the garden wall, I collared Fuller, he said he was easing himself, the moon shone on the outside.
Court. At the first moment you saw them, where they in the situation of men easing themselves, or unbuttoning their breeches, or any thing of that sort? - I saw nothing of that, they were standing up when I first saw them; Fuller said he was easing himself; Fuller made a sort of snatch back, and I pulled him forward.
But did he attempt to get away? - No.
At the time you took them did you observe any things beside them at the wall? - No, not at that time, I found the shovel, two sacks and a crow, a yard off; I found the prisoners about fifteen yards back, there was an opening to the fields, they might have got away.


                  THOMAS
                   ROSEBLEED
               



             sworn.
I lay in the same house, I went out before six, and locked the door, and locked 
               
                  Charles
                   Smith
               



             in; I took the key, I returned about eight, and the house was broke open, the prisoners were in the watch-house.
Court to Smith. What is the shovel worth, what would you give for it? - A shilling.
PRISONER KNOWLES's DEFENCE.
I work in East Smithfield, I came to order some metal, and I asked the other prisoner to go along with me; we went to Knights-bridge, and I wanted to case myself, and they took us to the watch-house.
Court to Smith. How long was it after you went down stairs to the taking of the prisoners? - About two minutes, they went out backwards.
What situation is the garden in? - The wall is ten feet high, and six feet paling at the bottom, which is marked out for a mews.
What sort of ground was the back of the house? - Digged ground for a garden, it was quite open to the view.
The prisoner Knowles called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.
The prisoner Fuller called one witness, who gave him a good character.

Court to Jury. This house, according to the situation described by 
               
                  Charles
                   Smith
               



            , is not a dwelling-house in the sense and meaning of the law, having never at that time been inhabited by any family, nor finished ready for a family, and having no furniture in it; this 
               
                  Charles
                   Smith
               



            , and the other man, who were there, being there only as watchmen, for the purpose of keeping the lead from being stolen.
FULLER, 


               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 1 s.
            

KNOWLES, 


               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 1 s. but not guilty of the burglary
            .
To be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
