





505. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MATTHEWS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of June
 last, one wicker basket, value 1 s. and one hundred and eleven dead pigeons, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bonner
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BONNER
               



             sworn.
I was going to market with my cart; on Tuesday the 17th of June, about four o'clock in the morning, I was robbed of some pigeons.
Court. Where did it happen? - At Pye-corner


, I was going along close behind another cart.
What did you lose out? - A hamper of pigeons.
How soon did you miss them? - As soon as they were taken out, some people cry'd out Stop thief!
Court. Did you see him after the crying out Stop thief? - Yes, Sir, when the watchman had taken him.
Did you see the pigeons after? - Yes, I took them to market, there were nine dozen and three pigeons.


                  JOHN
                   BOSWORTH
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner and another take the basket out of the cart, and was running round Pye-corner, I saw the prisoner and another man taking it; the prisoner took hold of one handle, and the other person the other handle, they was going to take it into Cock-lane; I called out Stop thief! and ran after them.
Court. Did they run away? - Yes, and when I got up to the prisoner I caught hold of his collar and said, he must go back with me; he had dropped the basket.
Court. Was he ever out of your sight? - No, I am quite sure this man is one of them; he dropped the basket, and he asked me what I wanted with him, I said, if he would go back I would let him know, and as I was taking him back, he put his hand into his pocket and said he would stab me; there was a knife afterwards found in his pocket, but I prevented his getting at it; the basket has been in my possession ever since; this is the same, I am sure of it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I was going down Cock-lane, there was a cry of Stop thief! and this man came and caught hold of me, and some others came and pulled me about.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
