





704. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HILL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of June
 last, one pair of linen sheets, value 10 s. one cotton gown, value 7 s. one check linen apron, value 12 d. one cloth cloak, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Hall
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner go down stairs and go out with the property between five and six, on the 22d of June; I heard somebody coming down stairs and I pulled the kitchen door open, I saw the prisoner go over the threshold of the street door with the bundle in his hand, I went up stairs directly and found my room door open, I missed the sheets, and called after him but he made me no answer; I followed him directly when I missed my sheets, I called stop thief, he turned and looked at me and I saw him throw the bundle down and he run away, I did not see him stopped, he was brought back in about five minutes.
Court. What opportunity had you of observing his face before he was taken? - I knew him again directly, I had no opportunity of seeing his face before, but I know he was the same man, I saw his face when he turned round, I could not be off seeing his face, he turned round and looked at me full in my face, and I observed his face, and I am sure it is the same man.
What became of the bundle of things? - I picked them up myself excepting one apron, I gave them to the officer that took him, they have been in his possession ever since.


                  DANIEL
                   HOWARD
               



             sworn.
I am a Weaver, I was coming by and I heard the cry of stop thief, I was on the other side of the way, I saw the man make a full stop, I saw his face, he run down the yard, I caught him and brought him back, I saw him drop nothing, on searching him I pulled out an apron, and a thing called a picklock, I think it is; a piece of iron bent.
(The apron produced and deposed to by the Prosecutrix.)
- COWEN sworn.
Did you leave these things in Court just now? - I brought them to the door and left them with Howard, they are the same things.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was standing at a corner by this woman's place, and a man came up and gave me this bundle to hold and walked on first, and this woman came up and said I stole the things; then I threw the things down, I have not been three weeks in London.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
