





691. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of June
 last, one watch with a gold case, value 10 l. a gold chain, value 6 l. three stone seals set in gold, value 8 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Ross
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  DAVID
                   ROSS
               



             Esq; sworn.
On Wednesday the 2d of June last, my pocket was picked a little above Coleman's Theatre


, I lost a gold watch, gold chain, three gold seals, altogether of the value of twenty-three pounds, they cost me a great deal more; I saw the prisoner take it out of my pocket, I seized him, and he lost his hat in the scuffle; I saw him hanging the watch back to somebody to take it, as I suppose, and he broke the glass by holding against the rails, I felt the watch go out, and saw the prisoner take it out of my pocket, he made an oath at the same time, and got from me and crossed the street, I never lost sight of him, I followed him and took him directly in a public house, he run up two pair of stairs the door being open, I took him on the two pair of stairs the top of the house, I am positive he is the man.
Prisoner. I have no questions to ask the gentleman any farther than giving my evidence myself, I have no Council.


                  JACOB
                   POCOCK
               



             sworn.
I was in the bar, and some person ran in very fast into my house, directly after that there was a hallooing of stop thief! I ran to the back door and secured it; I followed Mr. Ross and our hostler into the yard, and when I came up two pair of stairs to the landing place, they had the prisoner by the collar.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The evening the robbery was committed I had been over Westminster-bridge to see a friend, and was going home to my lodging in the Haymarket, and I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw a man run across the way, and went up to him, he knocked off my hat, he ran into a publick house, I could not be sure whether he went up stairs or strait forwards into the yard, I went up stairs to see for him and I was taken; they searched me immediately and found nothing upon me, the gentleman of the house then said that he noticed a man standing in his passage at the same time; there is a man that can witness that I was talking to him at the time there was a cry of stop thief; he was here this morning, and he will be here again at four o'clock, he heard I was in Newgate, and he came to see me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
