







290. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HOLDING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th day of March

 last, twenty-four desert knives with silver handles, value 27 s. twenty-four forks, value 13 s. a brass knob-lock, value 7 s. five iron locks with brass knobs, value 14 s. five ditto with brass rings, value 16 s. one iron lock, value 6 s. 6 d. two pair of scissars, value 2 s. six table-knives, value 2 s. six table-forks, value 1 s. 6 d. a copper sauce-pan, value 7 s. a thousand iron nails, value 2 s. six base-metal spoons, value 2 s. twelve iron screws, value 12 d. a grate, value 16 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Roberts
                  



               
            .
And 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     JONES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .
(The Case opened by Mr. Silvester.)


                  JOHN
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
I am an ironmonger
, in Oxford-road



; the prisoner Holding was my porter
, four years; the prisoners, Jones and his wife, kept an iron-shop

, in Berwick-street; I missed property at several times, but could not tell how it went.
- ADAMS sworn.
I am an iron-monger in Grafton-street, Soho; being informed Jones sold things very cheap, I looked in at his shop, and saw a dozen of green handle knives and forks; I asked the price of them, he told me, 7 s. 6 d. I offered him 7 s. being sure they were stolen; the wife told me, I might have them.

Was William there? - Not that I know of; I paid 7 s. for them; I took them with me to the Court of Conscience, there I examined them; I found the name of Roberts on the blade; I immediately went up to Mr. Roberts, and informed him, I was afraid some of his servants had robbed him; Holding was ordered up stairs, and Mr. Roberts and I taxed him with stealing the knives and forks, and selling them; I did not shew him the knives at first; he denied any thing about the matter first; when I pulled the knives out of my pocket, I told him, there they were, and we should produce evidence to prove that he had sold them; I said, it does not signify your denying the fact, for here is the knives you sold to the woman; the woman is coming up, and you might as well say what you had for them.
Did you tell him any thing more than that? - No.
What did you mean by might as well? - That he might as well tell the truth as not, as it would come out.
Did you tell him it would be better for him? - No, I did not; he said, the woman gave him half a crown for them.
What is the real worth of them? - Fourteen shillings; I told him, I thought he had robbed his master of a great many more things, and he said, he never took any thing else, but a quarter of a thousand of ten-penny nails; I asked him, what she gave for them? he said, she generally gave two-pence a pound; when he was before the Justice, there he made a confession, which was reduced into writing.
Was any thing more said to him to induce him to tell the whole truth? - His master said, before he went before the Justice, if you want any mercy shewn you, tell the whole truth.
Court. Then you need not look for the confession? - At the Rotation-office, the woman said, it was false what he said, for she was to give him four shillings and sixpence for the knives.
(The knives deposed to.)
Prosecutor. They are stamped with my name in a very particular direction, contrary to what they are stamped in general; the man who made them, made a mistake in stamping them.
Court. Had Holding seen the knives, when he said he sold them for two shillings and sixpence? - Yes, I had pulled them out of my pocket.
Prosecutor. I afterwards got a warrant and searched Jones's house; there I found sundry locks, they are here; I think they are eleven or twelve; there is a mark on the papers, which I am sure is my man's marking; I found them at Jones's, on his shelf; we searched Jones's house the same morning Mr. Adams came to me, that was last Friday; one of the locks was a lock of the same principle as I found, only with iron wards, instead of copper wards; and one that was within the paper, had the key broke; I found two pair of scissars, I cannot swear to these; I found a dozen knives and forks, I cannot identify them; the prisoner Jones and his wife were both at dinner when we went in.
Did the prisoner Jones say any thing about them? - He said, he had nothing, nor knew any thing about them; he said, he was often out, and he believed when his wife bought any thing, she put it out to sell.
Court. How many of the knives that were stamped in this way? - Three dozen, I have the other two dozen in my possession; I never sold any of these stamped in this manner, I am positive of that; I searched the prisoner Holding's lodgings, and there I found a thousand of nails, and two sets of iron screws, half a dozen spoons, and a grate, has my shop-mark upon it, in my own writing, and the screws have my shop-mark upon them, the spoons have not.
What is the value of the grate? - I think it cost me fifteen shillings and nine-pence; there were fourteen or fifteen screws, about two shillings value.
How did you know it was Holding'slodgings? - It is within a very few doors of my house that he lodged; he took us to his lodgings.
PRISONER HOLDING's DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say.
PRISONER JONES's DEFENCE.
I know nothing about it; I never knew any thing of the man in my days.


                  ELIZABETH
                   JONES
               



            's DEFENCE.
This man came to me about two months ago, and asked me to buy a lock; I thought by its being dirty, it was an old lock; he pulled it out of his pocket, it was in paper; he said, he kept a shop of his own, and had sailed a little, and came up to London, and what little he had, he should sell; he had more of the same; I gave him three shillings for it; he came again at night and brought another; I gave him half a crown for that; I bought twelve locks of him: the last I bought of him was green handle knives, I put them at the door directly in the paper; that gentleman came by, and asked me the price; I told him, seven shillings and sixpence; (I gave four shillings and sixpence for each dozen of knives;) he offered me seven shillings, and I took it; these locks were all at the door; he told me, they were all his own property; the marks were on them; there came a shower of rain, I took these locks in and the knives; we were set at dinner; this gentleman came in, and asked me, if I had sold them knives to-day? I told him, yes; he asked me, if I had any more? says he, here is a dozen more; he said, did not you buy them of a squinting man? I was surprised, and said, yes; I said, I had bought some locks of him; they were on the shelf, and the gentleman said, they are mine; he took them all away; I was innocent of their being stole, as the child that is sucking at my breast; I never would have bought them for my family's sake.
Court to Roberts. It is true what she says? - She never told us of the knives till we found them, or the locks; I found them on the table or the dresser, but she never told me there were such things.
Did you ask her, whether she ever bought any other things of that man? - I do not recollect.
Prisoner 
               
                  William
                   Jones
               



            . I could have all the parish come to my character; I am an officer of the parish; instead of encouraging such a thing, I should have stopped it.
Court. Their trial was not in the list to day, and they requested we should put it off.
Court to Roberts. What is the marks on the papers in which the locks were? - A description of what the locks were; likewise a card which was tore at the office; it is my shopman's hand-writing.


                  JAMES
                   HOLDING
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   JONES
               



            , 
               
                  ELIZABETH
                   JONES
               



            ,



               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
