







171. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ESTOL
                  , otherwise 
WINDSOR TOM




            , 
               
                  SAM 
                  CRAFTS
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MUNDY
                  



               
             were indicted, the two first for 


               stealing an heifer, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Scott
                  



               
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the said heifer, knowing it to have been stolen
            , February 15th

.
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoners.)



                  JAMES
                   SCOTT
               



             sworn.
I live in Duval's lane, Islington



; on the 15th of February, between five and six in the evening, the heifer was at my door; we always keep this and another at the door, it eats the offal hay that the other cows will not eat on the common opposite my door.
When did you miss her? - My boy missed her between seven and eight the next morning; I found her between nine and ten the same morning, at Mr. Mundy's, in Red-lion-alley, Cow-cross; when the boy told me, the little black Scotch heifer was lost, I went into the road, and saw the track of the heifer; I followed the track as far as the pound, Holloway, and through the turnpike gate into Panton-street, and there on the red gravel I lost it; I went toward Battle bridge, and found the track again, and followed it on the stones; I then went into the alley where Munday lives, there I saw the track again; I went to the slaughter-house; it was locked; I peeped through, and saw the heifer tied up, ready for knocking down; I left my boy to watch her, and I went to the Justice's, and got the door broke open, and went and took Munday in his own house, at breakfast; he said, he did not know how it came there, but that he ordered it to be tied up and some hay to be given it; there was a man said, he would be d - d if he did not see such a person bring it in; I do not know any thing farther.
Mr. Garrow. Mundy keeps a common slaughter-house? - Yes.
It is a very public place? - Yes.
How long had the beast been missed before you found it? - About an hour.
Had this beast never had a calf? - No, or it could not have been an heifer.


                  WILLIAM
                   BLACKMAN
               



             sworn.
I went with Mr. Scott to Mundy's; we found the black heifer in the slaughter-house; we broke open the door; we took Mundy at his own house; he said, the heifer was brought down there, that he ordered it to be tied up, and gave it some hay himself; he said, he did not know the people that brought it; he said, he thought it was a pity to kill it; we took him to Justice Blackborow's.


                  EDMUND
                   LAVENDER
               



             sworn.
Last Saturday morning I went to South-gate, upon an information from Mundy against Crafts; Mundy was taken up.
Was he examined? - Yes; I was at the first examination; Mr. Blackborow had had several conferences with him.
Mr. Garrow. Mundy was examined under a promise that he should not be prosecuted? - I believe that to be the case; and I believe every body else understood it so.
Where did you find Crafts? - At South-gate; when we got to the door, a woman said, Sam, Sam, the men are come for you; he was rather frightened; and he said to Isaacs, can you tell how this business is? is that rogue 
               
                  Mundy
               


             an evidence?
Was he told what he was taken up for? - No; Isaacs told him he did not know any thing about the business; I told him you may make yourself easy; he is not, but Ruddy is; when I told him Lyons was an evidence, he said, if he did not tell every thing that he knew, he would do him over; as we came along, there was a man going across the fields like Mr. Scott; Isaacs called, Scott, Scott; Crafts said, that is not Scott, nor are those his houses, for they are a mile farther; I know no more, except the prisoner being brought and committed.


                  THOMAS
                   ISAACS
               



             sworn.
On the information of Mundy, I and Lavender went and apprehended Crafts.
Did you tell him what he was taken up for? - Yes.
Was Lavender with you? - Yes.
Did he hear all that passed; - I believe he did.
What did he say when you told him what he was taken up for? - He asked me what I knew of the business; I toldhim I could say nothing about it; he asked me if I knew who was the evidence; I told him, I could not particularly tell; he asked me, if Munday was; I would not give him any particular answer; upon that we proceeded to London.
Did any thing particular happen in the way to London? - Yes; coming across the fields, he seemed to be rather down upon himself.
Did any thing particular pass? - Not very particular.
Did you meet any body, or speak to any body? - Yes, at the Sluice-house; as we came along we stopped and had something to drink.
Did you meet any body going across the fields? - There was a man walking in the fields; I thought it had been Scott, but Crafts said, no, that is not Scott, Scott's house is a mile distant from there; oh! says I, I had forgot what field I was in.
Mr. Garrow. You heard all Lavender's conversation, and he was in a situation to hear all you said? - Yes.
You heard all he said of course? - Yes.
This man was brought to town in perfect ignorance who had given information against him? - Not particularly.
Did you tell him of any body else? - No.
Did Lavender? - I do not know that he did.
You told him what he was taken up for? - Yes.
Was Lavender by? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   EMERY
               



             sworn.
I am a butcher, I live at Cow-cross, I saw the heifer about seven o'clock in the morning at Cow-cross.
Who was with her? - That young man that stands there.
(Pointing to Crafts.)
Any body else? - No; I asked him where he was going with her; he said to Mundy's slaughter-house.
What is Crafts? - A drover.
Did he say where he brought her from? - From the Bear and Ragged Staff, Smithfield.
Do the drovers carry cattle to the slaughter-house ever? - Yes, they bring them down for the butchers.
Did he say whose heifer this was? - Yes; he told me it belonged to Mr. Swain in Thames-street.
You did not see Mundy upon the business? - No.
Mr. Garrow. What day of the week was it? - Last Saturday week.
Mundy's slaughter-house is a public one? - Yes.
It is a very common thing for drovers to drive beasts to the slaughter-house for drover? - Yes.
They are taken in of course? - Yes.
People in Mundy's slaughtering-house are paid so much for slaughtering - Yes.
They could soon have dispatched the heifer if they had chose? - Yes, I could have dressed it in about an hour.


                  WILLIAM
                   LYONS
               



             sworn.
You have been taken up for this fact? - Yes.
You are the man called Ruddy? - Yes.
You was concerned in the robbery? - No.
You were taken up for it, and admitted to be an evidence as an accomplice? - Yes.
Court. What were you charged with? - Upon suspicion of stealing it.
They said they would hang you, if you could not put it upon somebody else? - No; about six o'clock in the morning, last Saturday week, I was called up by Crafts, I went with him to Cow-cross, and met Mundy; Crafts and Mundy talked together.
Did you hear what they said? - No, Mundy left Crafts, and he and I went and got a pint of purl; we had not been there long, before Windsor Tom called me out, and said he wanted Crafts; they said they wanted Mundy or my master, I cannot tell which.

Are you a servant of Mundy's? - Yes, they had some discourse, but what I cannot tell; Mundy and I went up the cross; after that we met Crafts at the top of the alley, and we all went together.
Where was the heifer when you first saw it? - In the slaughter-house.
You did not see who brought it there? - No, my master told me to tie it up, and I did.
When you went first it was loose? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow. You and Crafts are not upon very good terms? - We never quarrelled; Lavender would have had me said that, that I never thought of.
What did Lavender want you to say? - He wanted me to say that I was a party concerned with Crafts in stealing it.
Did he tell you any thing about the reward? - Nothing.
That he kept snug, intending to have it himself; he knew it was false at that time? - Yes, for I had a witness what time I got up.
Scott. After Mundy was taken up, Lavender over and above persuaded me to admit 
               
                  Mundy
               


             an evidence; I said I could not swear to any body else but where I found my property; I said openly in the Court, that all the people between here and St. Paul's, should not persuade me to admit him an evidence; Lavender said, I suppose you want to massacre the man, but I'll get him through, I'll be bound.
Are you sure the heifer you found at Mundy's, was your heifer? - Yes, I knew it perfectly well.
PRISONER CRAFTS's DEFENCE.
I saw a man coming down St. John's-street, with a black heifer, and he gave me six-pence to drive it to Mr. Mundy's, he bid me tell him it belonged to Mr. Swaine in Thames-street; I met Mr. Mundy, and told him it was a heifer of Mr. Swaine's, Thames-street.
PRISONER MUNDY's DEFENCE.
I desired Lyons to tie up the heifer, and ordered the boy to give it some hay; Lyons locked the door, and locked it in, that if I should hear any body had lost it they might have it again; I said I fancied it was heavy in calf, that I believed it belonged to Mr. Marsh of Hampstead, he had just such another; I had not time to send to any body when Mr. Scott came; I said, Sir I am very glad you have got it again.
(There being no evidence to affect Estol, he was not put on his defence.)
(Crafts called three witnesses, who had known him from his infancy, and gave him a good character.)
ESTOL, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
CRAFTS, 

               GUILTY
            , 


               Death
            .
MUNDY, 

               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


