





502. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     GITTOS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Abraham 
                        Robinson
                     



                  , between the hours of three and four in the afternoon of the 20th of August
, and stealing therein, two white linen aprons, value 1 s. 6 d. a check apron, value 12 d. a brown camblet gown, value 3 s. two coloured linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s. a shift, value 3 s. a stuff gown, value 3 s. a linen bed-gown, value 3 s. a stuff petticoat, value 3 s. and twenty-four halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Griffin
                  



               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   GRIFFIN
               



             sworn.
I live in the house of Abe Robinson, in St. John's, Westminster


; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment on the 20th of August last; I left them in my apartment about half after three in the afternoon; my room-door was broke open and my box was broke open, and these things found on the back of the prisoner; I came home about a quarter after eight at night, on the 19th; a neighbour came to ask me if I would let the prisoner sleep with me all night; I said I would not, but my neighbour let her be in her apartment; I had not missed any of my things at that time; the next morning I went out about eleven, and locked my room-door and box, the things were there then; about half after three I was informed my room-door was open; I came home directly and missed my things, my room-door was broke open, and the staple was broke out.


                  MARGARET
                   ELLIS
               



             sworn.
I am neighbour to Mrs. Griffin; I went out with her about eleven on the 20th of August, and on my return, about three, her door was open, and I went to let her know the prisoner was not there; my room was open.


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a constable.
(Produces the things which the prosecutor took off the prisoner's back, and valued at one guinea.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
These things were given to me.
Court to Jury. As this indictment is laid, it is not a capital offence, for it does not say whether any person was in the house or not.



               Guilty of stealing the things
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  BARON
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
