






595. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     UNDERHILL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ANSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 6th of September
 a silver watch, value 40 s. a pair of stone knee buckles, value 10 s. a pair of plated ditto, value 1 s. five guineas, and half a guinea, and 7 s. 6 d.
             in monies, the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Solomon
                  




               
            .



                  BENJAMIN
                   SOLOMON
               



             sworn.
Last Saturday night was sennight, coming home thro' Shoreditch, the corner of Webb Square, from Hoxton-square Coffee-house, I met the prisoner Anson, and she took me to a house in Paul's Alley; it was dark and she desired me to give her a penny for a candle, which I did, and she brought a candle; then she asked me to give her something to drink, I put my hand in my pocket and gave her a shilling; then she asked me for something for supper, and I gave her another shilling; then it was time to go to bed, and she says to me, as you are so very generous and you look like a gentleman, I dare say we need not make any agreement, you will give me a compliment when we rise. She wanted me to go to bed first, I undressed myself, and going to put my breeches under my pillow, she snarched them from my hand and ran out of doors with them; I immediately arose from the bed, I thought I would put on the remainder of my cloaths; but before I could get my waistcoat on, entered the other prisoner, and demanded to know what I wanted there.
Was that the first time you saw the prisoner Underhill? - Yes, but before I could give her an answer, she shewed me a place in an entry with a well in it, and she says, here you rascal, if you say a word about your property you shall be smothered alive in this place, and nobody shall ever know what became of you; a place, I suppose, where there was six or seven load of soil, not above a week before emptied from the necessaries; I then thought it the best policy to give her the best words that I possibly could to get away with my life; she then said to me, you have behaved very generously, and I suppose you can live like a gentleman; the property you have lost is no object to you, if you will never mention it any more, I will go and fetch you your breeches back again; she went out of doors and brought me my breeches; after I had made the greatest dispatch I could out of the house, I acquainted the patrol with what had happened; he took me to the watch-house, and he and some more went with me to the house; when they came there they told them they were patrols, but they would give them no entrance; at last they forced the door open, and this woman that put me in fear, 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Underhill
               



            , was found in bed, and the other prisoner, Anson, was found concealed under ground in the very hole they threatened to put me into. The place was searched, and one of my buckles was found between the sacking and the bed, where Underhill was found, and the other knee buckle the prisoner Anson delivered when in the watch-house; that was the bed I was going to lay in. I was very much terrified. There were two pair of knee buckles, one that I had in my knees, a pair of set ones, and the other pair was in my pocket; the pair that was found were in my pocket; the other things were never found; it was the plated pair that was found, the stone pair was never found. The prisoners were searched, but no money was found.
I think you say the first you saw of Underhill, was after the other prisoner ran out of the room? - Yes, I did not see Underhill till Anson was gone off, I did not see her in the house; I do not know where she was while I was in the room with the other.


                  JAMES
                   SADLER
               



             sworn.
I am the patrol; I went to this house and broke the door open, I knocked at Mrs. Underhill's door twice or three times, I found Mrs. Underhill in her apartment, and the other concealed in the hole in the cellar; this is one of the buckles that the prisoner Anson gave me at the watch-house, and this one I had delivered to me at the watch-house, (the buckles deposed to,) when she delivered me the buckles, she told me she found it on the floor, in the same room where this other woman was.
Did Underhill say any thing for herself? - She did not; she told me she had walked about, to give Mr. 
               
                  Solomon
               


             an opportunity of being there; that she was out in the alley two hours.

PRISONER ANSON's DEFENCE.
This gentleman when I first saw him, asked me to have something to drink, I said no; he asked me to go home with me. When I came home he sent for some shrub, and then he said he would sleep with me all night; I told him I would have a bit of salmon; he gave me sixpence, and I took a plate off the shelf, and it was so late I could not get it; then he asked me if I would be so kind to make shift with bread and cheese, he sent for two twopenny loaves and a quarter of a pound of cheese, and a pot of porter; he asked Mrs. Underhill to sit down with us, she wished us a good night; he said he would not give me any thing till I was in bed; he got into bed; he said he had nothing to give me then, but he would take me to Hoxton Coffee house; I got out of bed, and would not sleep with him.
Court to Prosecutor. What was there in your breeches pocket when you went into the house?
I had five guineas and a half, and 9 s. 6 d. I cannot be punctual to a shilling, a silver watch, and knee buckles; none of them were found.
ELIZ. UNDERHILL, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .


                  MARY
                   ANSON
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Court to Mr. Solemon. What are you? - I am a dealer in the linen drapery way.
Court. It seems to me a pity that this other woman, Underhill, should escape unpunished; I shall therefore direct her to be detained till the next sessions, to give you an opportunity of indicting her as accessary after the fact.
