





561. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     IRVIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of April
 last, one cloth jacket, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Hannah 
                           Edwards
                        




                     
                  , widow
, privily in her shop
            .


                  HANNAH
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
I keep a slop-shop
 in Wapping


, on the 8th of April, the prisoner came to my shop about eleven; I was in the room behind the shop, I saw him go out, he did not come for anything, I suspected him and followed him up the street a good way, he kept running on and I followed him; when he got three or four hundred yards he looked back, and saw me following him, then he took out a jacket, and I saw him throw it out, and he run away; I cried stop thief! I saw him stopped, he was never out of my sight, I have had the jacket ever since.
(The jacket produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. Was there any other person in the shop with me? - Nobody else.


                  WILLIAM
                   SELLOR
               



             swornn.
I heard the cry of stop thief! I ran out and seized the prisoner, I took him because he was the only man that was running, the prisoner took hold of the cart wheels, when I held him by the collar, he begged of me to let him go, I would not, I did not see Mrs. Edwards; immediately when I stopped the man, he told me the person chucked it to him, out of the shop, and that he caught it; says I, what a lucky chuck it was!
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming by, and a sailor was standing at this woman's door, and he cried out to me, did I want a jacket, and he threw it to me, and I took it and run on, and the prosecutrix come after me, and said, I had stole a waistcoat.




               GUILTY. Of stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
