






321. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GREENBANK
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WOOLLERTON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March
, one cotton counterpane, value 3 s. two pair of sheets, value 12 s. one linen pillow case, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           White
                        




                     
                  , being in a lodging room let to 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Greenbank
                     



                   as his lodging
            .
A second count charging both the prisoners, on the same day, with feloniously stealing, one cotton counterpane, value 3 s. two pair of sheets, value 12 s. one linen pillow case, value 1 s. and two cambrick handkerchiefs, value 1 s. the property of 
               
                  Edward
                   White
               



            .


                  ANN
                   PARKER
               



             sworn.
On the 19th of March I was coming down Mulberry-court, Coleman-street, I heard the cry of stop thieves, I saw two men running, I saw Mrs. White's son lay hold of one of them, and the other ran past me with a bundle, I saw a gentleman run after him, and lay hold of him, I saw them tusling together on the ground, and the bundle lay in the kennel, I picked it up, and gave it to Mrs. White; it was the prisoner Woollerton that had the bundle, I am sure as to his person.


                  MARY
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  Edward
                   White
               



            , the twoprisoners came on Thursday the 19th of March, and asked me if I had a lodging to let; I said yes, but it was only half a bed to let, and that was in the garret, I told them I did not think it would suit them, as it was too dirty and too mean for them, they were genteelly dressed, they asked me to look at it, and they did, and Woollerton said to Greenbank, it will do for you; I asked them a great many questions, and they said they had a great chest to bring; I told them the price of the bed per week, and they agreed to take it, they came at half after eight at night; I wondered to see them both, for I thought it was only for one of them, I thought that he might be come to see the other home; then they desired to go to bed, I had only let the half bed to one of them, and I was surprised to see them both; I went up stairs to turn the bed down, and left them in the kitchen; then I came down, and they went up stairs, I began to have a little suspicion, and I went up stairs, and as I went up they both passed me; Woollerton opened the door, and they both ran out at the street-door; my son had just come in, and was in the kitchen, one of them had a bundle; I called out stop thief, and my son ran out and brought Greenbank back, and Mrs. Parker brought me the bundle.
Court. Are these things in the bundle yours? - Yes, I declare by the God that made me they are.
(The property deposed to by Mrs. White.)


                  JOSEPH
                   EDWARD WHITE
               



             sworn.
On the 19th of March last the two prisoners came to lodge, my mother had let them the lodging, they came about half after eight o'clock, and went up stairs, my mother went up afterwards, and they both came down and rushed out; my mother called out stop thief, and I followed and took Greenbank, and brought him back.
- BELLOWS sworn.
I was going down Mulberry-court, and I saw a man rush by with a bundle, he dropped it, and I ran after him and took him.
PRISONER GREENBANK's DEFENCE.
I never saw any of them in my life; I was going along, and there was a cry of stop thief, and the young man stopt me.
PRISONER WOOLLERTON's DEFENCE.
There were several people running; there was a cry of stop thief, and I began to run, and a person laid hold of me.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.





[Transportation. See summary.]


