





529. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BASSET
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 22d of July
 one cloth great coat, value 12 d. two scarlet cloth cloaks, value 2 s. and one napkin, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mason
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   MASON
               



             sworn.
On the 22d of July I lost the things in the indictment, between twelve and one.


                  MARY
                   BENDELL
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner going along Rotten row, Old-street


, and he went into the prosecutor's house, No. 12, and came out with a bundle; I followed him till he came to a house; he went in there, and left the bundle, and came out with a parcel of old shoes; the constable was after me, I followed him up French alley, and called out, stop thief! he was stopped by Mr. Bird the constable, then he went into the same house that I saw the prisoner go into; I did not go with him.


                  WILLIAM
                   BIRD
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner on the information of the woman; I went afterwards to the house where she said he came from, and searched and found the two cloaks, a great coat, and a napkin, wrapped up in the bed-cloaths where he lodged; I went the next night but one to enquire after him; I let him go after I apprehended him, because I was not quite clear he was the thief, and I had not found the things; I did not know the woman; then they took a warrant out against him, and I apprehended him about eight or nine days after; I am sure it is the same man.
Court to 
               
                  Mary
                   Bendell
               



            . Are you sure that is the same man you saw with the bundle? - Yes, I am quite sure; he was a stranger to me, but I watched him down the road; he looked in every window down the road before he went into the house.
The things produced and deposed to by the prosecutor and his wife.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to sell these shoes; I deal in Rag-fair, and the constable, Mr. Bird, came and touched me on my shoulder; the woman said she could not be sure of me; I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
