





616. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of August
 last, one clock, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Wright 
                     Birkett
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Hillier
                  



               
            .


                  ANN
                   SANDERSON
               



             sworn.
I am pew-opener at this place of worship; it is a meeting-house in Little Moorfields


; I saw the clock on the 12th of August, between eleven and twelve o'clock on a Wednesday; I went on Thursday at a quarter past three, and found the clock was gone; the windows were broke open.
- ARMSTRONG sworn.
On Thursday, the 13th of August, I went to the Cross-keys in Winfred-street, about one o'clock; this dial was in a basket by the side of the prisoner; he told me he found it; I took him to the justice, and he was committed.


                  RICHARD
                   SUMMERSELL
               



             sworn.
I am a clock-maker; I made it for the meeting on the pavement, Moorfields.


                  PHILIP
                   HILLIER
               



             sworn.
It is the same clock we paid Mr. Summersell for; and he put it up; I and Mr. Birkett are the deacons of the meeting.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was a mowing in Islington; and going by the Green-gate on the City-road, to work, at five in the morning, I found the basket; and it contained this clock; I carried it to several clock-makers, and could not find an owner; I went to a publick-house at one o'clock, and Armstrong came in and took me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
