







865. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COZIER
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     THOMPSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  M'CARTY
               



             were indicted, for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking, and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        M'Manus
                     




                  , on the 23d of September
 last, about the hour of one in the night, and burglariously stealing therein six china bowls, value 12 s. one pair of shoes, value 2 s. one wooden box, containing weights and scales for weighing gold, value 2 s. a glass bottle, containing half a gallon of rum, value 4 s. half a pound weight of tobacco, value 1 s. two thousand four hundred copper half-pence, value 5 l. her property
            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)
MARY M'MANUS sworn.
I keep a public house
, the Sun and Sword in Cable-street


; my doors and windows were all secure when I went to bed; I heard nothing of it till the morning, when my young man, 
               
                  Patrick
                   Smith
               



             came down and alarmed me; I came down at five in the morning.
Was it dark then? - It was hardly, light enough for us to distinguish one another.
Suppose there had been a person there whom you had never seen before, was it light enough to have distinguished his features, so as to have remembered him again? - I do not know that I could; we found the back door open, the cellar window broke open, the money gone out of the bar, about five or six pounds in halfpence, six china bowls, and several other things which I did not miss; the gold weights and scales are here; I did not know the prisoner before to my knowledge.
PATRICK SMITH sworn.
I am servant to the prosecutrix; I remember her house being broke open; I was the first that came down in the morning, and when I came down to the head of the stairs, I found it was light below; I waited, thinking some of the family was out;finding there was none, I went out immediately to look about the door; I went into the bar, and found the box and the halfpence were gone; I saw them the night before; I went up and told my mistress, and she came down and found the box gone, and several other articles; the kitchen door was broke; they broke first in at the cellar window, then they broke out at the door.
Court to prosecutrix. Was the cellar door shut when you went to bed? - No, it was not quite close: after breaking into the cellar, they had fifteen butts of beer to get over; they broke the cellar window open; the flap was chained with a very large, heavy chain that they broke open.


                  PETER
                   MAYNE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I produce some property which I took from the prisoner Cozier; scales and weights for gold, a quantity of halfpence, and some china bowls, which he broke when I apprehended him; he was in East Smithfield; I met him in the street; as soon as he saw me, he ran away up White Yard; I followed him, and laid hold of him, and he hove the bowls down in the street, this was the morning after the robbery was committed; it was about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutrix's house; I took him into custody; after he broke the bowls, he hit me a punch in the face; I knew him before, that was my reason for following him; then Dawson and me went and apprehended the other two prisoners, Thompson and Mary M'Carty; we found on them a pistol, crows, a dark lantern, and a quantity of halfpence; Dawson has them.
Mr. Garrow, counsel for Thompson. Do you know the woman prisoner? - Yes.
She was a woman of the town, was not she? - Yes.


                  ROBERT
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I produce some implements I found in the lodging of Thompson; I have frequently seen him there in bed, and eating and drinking; I found this paper of tobacco and some halfpence, bad and good, and some farthings and a pocket-piece: Thompson was there, and the woman prisoner, and another woman was at breakfast; I asked Thompson if he lived there, and he said, yes; I began to search the room, and at the side of the room there is a kind of a wash-house; I went there and took a light with me; Thompson followed me, he held the candle while I was searching; then I saw the mouth of the pistol over my head, and I saw Thompson going up to the side of the room, and in the plaister there was a hole, and I saw something in his hand in a cloth, but I cannot say it was this; I took down the pistol and these implements; then I went to this place, and there I found this cloth with the pieces tied.
Mr. Garrow. Did not the woman instantly say, no, I keep the house? - No, she did not; she did before the magistrate say so, and that Thompson had nothing to do with it.
Were not both the women, women of the town? - I do not know what the woman prisoner is; the pocket-piece was found under the rugg.
Prosecutrix. I know them scales to be my property, I can swear to them, the weights are new; I know the bowls to be my own, I have had them these seven years and more; the pocket-piece, I am upon oath, I saw in my till, when I locked up the drawer.
To Dawson. Did you find that pocket-piece in the house? - Yes, with the half-pence in this cloth.
Mr. Garrow. What do you know the pocket-piece by? - I have given it to the child to make her take physic, and made her believe it was a guinea, and she got somebody to weigh it, and she found it was not weight.
Now look at this, and tell me in what they differ? - That is very different.
What is the difference? - One is very good, and that is very indifferent; thereis a particular mark on the head of the one, a little bit of a straight stroke on the head.
Mr. Garrow. I will shew them to the Jury that they may see whether it is possible to swear to such a one.
Court. What halfpence were your's? - There were fifteen shillings worth of bad halfpence tied together; those that I saw were not in papers, those that I lost were; this pound of tobacco I bought on the Saturday night; I never untied it; there is no mark on the paper.
Mayne. I apprehended the prisoner, Cozier, the night after the house was broke open.
Court to Smith. When you came down, could you distinguish the features of a man? - Yes.
Court to Dawson. How many halfpence and farthings did you find in Thompson's lodging? - Three shillings and six-pence, or three shillings and seven-pence.
PRISONER COZIER's DEFENCE.
I was going to work in East Smithfield, and I found that bag and the bowls; I took them up; Mr. Mayne came up to me and took hold of me; I let the bowls fail out of my hand.
The prisoner Thompson, called one witness to his character.


                  THOMAS
                   COZIER
               



            , 
               
                  JAMES
                   THOMPSON
               



            ,




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 5 s
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
MARY M'CARTY, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
