





93. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CARROLL
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for feloniously stealing, on the 23d day of November
 last, one pint silver mug, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Fabran 
                           Crompton
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling house
            .


                  FABRAN
                   CROMPTON
               



             sworn.
I keep a pawnbroker's shop
, in Spitalfields


; on the 23d of November the shop window was broke, and the pint silver mug was taken out; I was not in the shop at the time; I gave information at the Rotation-office; the prisoner escaped at the time. I heard the window break; I went into the shop immediately and missed the mug; I stood to take care of the rest of the things; I went out afterwards; the prisoner was brought me by 
               
                  David
                   Levy
               



            .


                  DAVID
                   LEVY
               



             sworn.
(Produces the mug.)
I got this mug of the prisoner; he offered it for sale about six in the evening, on the 23d of November I was sent for; I found the prisoner had been stopped with the mug; I took him to the Nag's Head, in Houndsditch; I asked him if it was his property; he told me it was; I asked him how he came by it; he said he found it in Whitechapel; I took him to the Alderman and went to the Assay-office, and found out who had made the mug; and when he was sent back again for another hearing, I went up and found the mug had been stolen, and so I found out the owner.
(The mug produced and deposed to.)
What is the value of it? - Three pounds.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to meet my mother; I saw this laying in the street, just off the curb-stone; I did not know whether it was silver or not; I asked a boy where to sell it; I asked three guineas; I did not know the value of it; so I came to two guineas; I found the mug in Church-lane, Whitechapel.
The prisoner called three witnesses to his character.




               GUILTY, 38 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
