





241. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARWOOD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of February
, a silver table-spoon, value 9 s. a stone breast-pin, set in gold, value 5 s. a linen shift, value 3 s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 18 d. a man's sattin waistcoat, value 5 s. a silk handkerchief, value 3 s. a pair of shoes, value 6 s. a pair of silver buckles, value 10 s. a stone stock-buckle, set in silver, value 2 s. twenty-one shillings in monies numbered, and one counterfeit shilling, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Constable
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   CONSTABLE
               



             sworn.
I live at the Pied Bull at Holloway


; on the 14th of February instant I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; about twelve at noon the spoon was found upon the prisoner; the prisoner lodged at my house; I missed the things the same night, the prisoner had left my house; the prisoner came in about eleven, and sent for a pint of beer, and some bread and cheese, and then he left the bread and cheese, and went up stairs, and did this robbery: I came in from the garden, where I had been digging, and I met him coming down stairs; he then went and took his bread and cheese, and said, landlord, I will settle with you to-night all I owe you, and he went out directly, he has never been at the house since, I never saw him after till he was brought up before my Lord Mayor.
Where was he taken up? - At London Wall; the pawn-broker stopped him.



                  JAMES
                   CREIGHTON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker at London Wall, I know the prisoner; on the 14th of February, about nine at night, he came into our shop with this spoon to pledge. (Produced.) I asked him whose property it was, and he said it belonged to his brother, and then afterwards he said it belonged to his brother's master, that lived at Shoreditch; I told him I would go with him to his brother's master to Shoreditch, and going by Bishopsgate church-yard, he ran down there; I missed him directly; he said his name was 
               
                  John
                   Harwood
               



            .
Did he tell you where he lived? - He said he worked at a cow-house, he did not say where he lived; I ran after him down Bishopsgate church-yard, and caught him just going into Broad-street; I then told him I would not go any further with him, but I would take him back to our shop at London Wall; we sent for a constable, and sent him to the Compter: the next day, we had him up before the Lord Mayor; he desired us to advertize the spoon; we did so, and the prosecutor came and claimed it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On Monday I went to go to work at my master's at Islington, and he had nothing to do that day, and in my landlord's house we were playing at cards, and there came in a disorderly woman and a man, I took them, my Lord, to be nothing but whore and rogue, for his breeches-knees were all over dirt; and we played at cards for three pots of beer, and I played with him, and in the mean time my landlord winked at me, and I winked at him, and he says I should not grudge that woman sixpence to go up stairs with me; the woman went out first, and he followed her, and we drank our beer; they were gone about half an hour, and I said, where have you been? and he said, what is that to you, and then the woman came in again, and they went up stairs together; the next morning I got up, in order to go to work; my master was gone to London, then I thought as I could not go to work, I would go and fetch me a clean shirt; and going along I found this spoon honestly, and will be bound for it, it had been hauled out by somebody that had stolen it.
Court. How long have you lived at Mr. Constable's? - Seven days.
What made you run away from the pawnbroker? - Because they said, they would keep the spoon, I have not a friend in the world but you my Lord, and the Gentlemen of the Jury, notwithstanding that the prosecutor keeps a very bad house, and is never in bed till one or two in the morning, and last Sunday morning, he came to bed at two o'clock very drunk.
Prosecutor. I shut up every night at ten, I have nothing to do in the night.




               GUILTY, 39 s
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
