





695. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JOCELYN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of June
, two linen sheets, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Roger 
                           Gasterell
                        



                     
                   , and one callico gown, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Wyatt
                  



               
            .
(The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  ROGER
                   GASTERELL
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor
, the bottom of Hemlock-court, Carey-street, Lincoln's-Inn-fields


; I lost two sheets, on Saturday the 4th of June, returning to my house between one and two in the afternoon, I met my wife in pursuit of the prisoner, I asked her where she was going in such a hurry, and I pursued the prisoner down Carey-street, into Great Shire-lane , I took him in Great Shire-lane with these two sheets upon him, and this gown, they are my property; he sell upon his knees and implored my forgiveness; I told him if I was ever so much disposed to forgive him, public justice would not; these picklock keys were taken out of his pockets, and this hammer.


                  MARY
                   GASTERELL
               



             sworn.
I am wife to the prosecutor, I was standing at my shop door; I keep a large green-shop; I saw the prisoner walking out of the street-door, he had a bundle in his leather apron, holding it in his right hand, and shutting the door with his left; I put the sheets upon the bed four nights before, I never saw him before.


                  ELIZABETH
                   WYATT
               



             sworn.
I lodge at the prosecutor's, I am a mantua-maker, I never saw the prisoner till the 4th of June, when the prosecutor took him with my gown upon him, which is here.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been about a month before that with a girl of the town in a room in this court, and she robbed me of five shillings, I went to Westminster to put on a lock, I returned again and found the young woman there, I told her if she did not pay me I would take a warrant for her, and she gave me a pair of sheets and a gown to carry down the court, and she would follow me.
- FAULKNER sworn.
I am a constable, I went to take him, and these things, and he went down on his knees, and said for God's sake let me go about my business, and I will return the property; I searched him and found a number of picklocks; he confessed he took the things off the line.
Do you know 
               
                  Roger
                   Gasterell
               



            ? - Yes.
Is it a reputable family? - Yes.
Prisoner. He locked me into a room, there is never a picklock key amongst them, I am a smith by trade, and have a little shop of my own; I go about and buy old keys, and sell them on Tower-hill.
The prisoner called four witnesses who all gave him a good character.
Prisoner. When I get a drop of liquor, I am out of my senses; I jumped into the Thames about three months ago.
Constable. He was not in liquor at the time I took him, that I will take my oath on.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
