






167. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RIGG, otherwise 
BIGG




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     LYON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2d of January
 last, one tortoiseshell tooth pick case, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dermer
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   DERMER
               



             sworn.
I lost a tooth pick case on Friday the 2d of this month, at my shop
 in the Strand


, I was at dinner about half part two o'clock, and I was called to the door, and I observed a number of my neighbours with the two prisoners in custody; upon their being brought into the shop I said to Rigg that I would search him, but upon consideration I thought it most proper that a constable should do it, I sent for a constable, and I turned round and observed Rigg with his hand to his waistcoat, as if unbuttoning it, which apparently drew my attention, immediately something fell from him: I did not take it up but it was taken up by the next witness, Langston, in my sight, and given to me, there was my mark in it, and it was my property, it is in Langston's possession, and has been ever since.
- LANGSTON sworn.
I live within two doors of the prosecutor, on Friday the 2d of January, I observed the prisoner Lyon go backwards and forwards by the prosecutor's door; he went a few doors below the prosecutor's and from thence brought the other prisoner; as soon as I saw the prisoners come to the prosecutor's window, I run to the next door neighbour but one on the other hand, and told him I suspected there were two men going to cut the prosecutor's window, and I saw them turn away from the window, and I went up running to see if the window was broke, I found the window broke, and we took the two prisoners, and he went and fetched another neighbour.
Court. Was you present in the shop when the tooth-pick case dropped? - I was, I was as close to the prisoner as I am to this gentleman, I heard it drop, it dropped from Rigg.
(The tooth-pick case produced, and positively deposed to.)
What is the value of it? - I valued it at five shillings.
PRISONER RIGG's DEFENCE.
I have no witnesses, I thought my trial would not come on so soon.

Prisoner Lyon. I have nothing to say.


                  JOHN
                   RIGG
               



             otherwise BIGG, 
               
                  MICHAEL
                   LYON
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
