





717. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NOBS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th day of August
, a silver watch, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Blades
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BLADES
               



             sworn.
I am no trade at all; I live at No. 130, in Chancery lane; on Monday night the 14th of August, between nine and ten, in the middle of Fleet-street


, I found a fit coming on me; I have been subject to fits these six or seven years; I always know before they come; I made the best of my way home.
Court. What is it a fainting fit? - No, it is not, it is the cramp which seizes every limb and nerve in my body; I do not drop, if I sit down, I recover in about two minutes; I got to my own door; it seized my hand in such a manner, I had not power to knock; I called out, and the first person that came by was the prisoner, and two more with him; I desired him to knock at the door for me, for I was going into a fit, instead of knocking at my door, in my distress for me, he was at my pocket taking my watch.
Why was you sensible? - Yes, I am always sensible, though I cannot speak perhaps; I was sensible though I had not the use of my hands; as it is coming on I can speak, but afterwards I cannot; as it happened I had my right hand at liberty immediately, by the surprise, I look upon it; he was at my fob; my watch was taken out; I felt his hand at my pocket; I caught hold of the end of my chain, and the chain broke, he held the watch and I the chain; I have had it ever since. (The broken chain handed up.) After the chain broke he turned away and ran down Chancery-lane; he ran against a post, which I look upon it knocked him down; I was present when he was searched; there was nothing of my property found on him; there is a lamp just by our door; I never lost sight of him till he fell down; I did not see him reach any thing to any body; I am sure he is the man, or else I should not have prosecuted him; I never saw my watch since.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. Mr. Blades, I begin what I have to say to you, with informing you that I know enough of you to believe that you will say nothing but what you think to be true? - I would not; I know the Court too well; I would not swear to him without I knew he was the man, for five hundred watches.
Was you standing with your face to the door? - My face was on one side.
That part of Chancery-lane is by no means light? - There is a lamp at the corner of the house; there is a shop between our passage door and the lamp.
Is it that part of Chancery-lane which projects over? - It is above that.
How many moments do you think this was passing, for it could scarcely be a minute? - I cannot tell; I had not at first the use of my hand.
How long do you apprehend it was from the time that you first found the hand at your watch before you had the use of your hand? - A very short space; he had got the watch out of my pocket.
How long have you been subject to this misfortune? - For near seven 
years.
You will excuse me asking you whether on that evening you had been drinking? - Nothing to do me hurt, I had sat down in no public house whatever; I had been at the Mansion-house about business for the Sheriff, and had been drinking two or three horns of porter.
Had you dined at the Mansion-house? - No, I had not; I had drank nothing at all before that evening.
Then upon an empty stomach you had two or three horns of porter? - No, I had no empty stomach; I generally have a pretty good dinner.
Had that liquor made you a little groggy? - I was not groggy at all.
It put your blood into rather a quicker circulation than usually it is in? - It did not.
I do believe you are a very sober man? - I can drink a glass of punch or any thing.
Have you found that liquors have affected you at this time more than if you had not drank? - No, I cannot say that it does.
You have no experience either way? - I cannot say.
When you have a fit after a little liquor you have less possession of your intellects than when you have been quite in your sober senses? - I always am in possession of my senses; I never found any difference; I always have my recollection; it has come upon me in the night in my bed, when I am as sensible as I am now.
This was between nine and ten? - It was; it was not a light night, and no moon; it was a fair night.
Was you afterwards with your son at any public house that evening? - The constable and my son came.
Do you remember your son's saying, do not press my father to drink, for he has had rather more than is good for him already? - I do not remember that.
Court. Have you any office here? - I have been door-keeper
 ten years, next November.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.


                  SAMUEL
                   GRAYS
               



             sworn.
I am constable; I was sent for that night to take charge of the prisoner; I searched him, and found nothing upon him that Mr. Blades owned, from the first to the last; I was in company with him an hour.
In what state did Mr. Blades appear to you to be at that time, as to intoxication or otherwise? - I thought he was at that time rather the worse for liquor, and what confirms me in that opinion is, the same night as we were coming from the compter with the prisoner, Mr. Blades said coming home, you shall have some beer at the Four Kings; I objected to it; it was my night to be up at the watch-house, and I wanted to go home; we went in, and Mr. Blades called for a pot of beer; there was myself, Holmes, a brother officer, Mr. Blades and his son; the pot of beer was drank out in six or seven minutes; Blades said, we will have another; I objected to it; then he said, you shall have a glass; we had a glass apiece, Mr. Blades's face was towards the bar, and I says to his son, your father is a little in for it I believe, is not he.
What did you mean by that phrase? - Being in liquor; his son made a reply, my father is in liquor, do not let him drink, but I dare not speak to him; when I first saw him I thought him in liquor, my reasons were, the man was searched once before I came, as they told me; when I came he was searched again; Mr. Blades was not satisfied, and he was searched a third time, and by Mr. Blades himself; and from his mode of acting (I have seen him before several times) I judged him in liquor, not so much disguised as a man that could not walk, but as a man that seemed merry in liquor.
A man that was less likely to take particular notice that if he was not in liquor? - I should imagine so.
Court. When the son said, that his father was in liquor, do you think that he heard him? - I do not know, he made no answer.


                  JAMES
                   HOLMES
               



             sworn.
I am another constable of the same parish of St. Dunstan's; I attended to take the prisoner to the compter, with Mr. Gray, Mr. Blades and his son.

From your observation of Mr. Blades, did you take him to be in liquor? - I rather thought he was.
Did you take him to be in full possession of his sober senses or otherwise? - He was very forward in liquor; I went to the compter, from thence to a public house in the Old Bailey.
Your own opinion was that he was forward in liquor? - He was.
Court. Did he give you at this time any account of his robbery? - Yes, he told us in the coach that he was robbed, he said, he desired the prisoner would knock at his door in Chancery-lane, for he found the fit was coming on him, and he said, at that time he lost his watch; he said, the prisoner pulled it out of his pocket, and that he was never out of his sight, and that he had his chain in his hand.
Did you ever see the prisoner before that time? - Never.
Court to Grays. Did Blades give the same account in your presence? - He did; he was telling the company at large.
Jury to Prosecutor. Which way did the two other persons run? - He ran down Chancery-lane, they must run up; they did not go down the street; but I did not take notice.
Had you any thing to drink at the compter? - Nothing.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
