






641. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MOFFATT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th day of June
, one silver watch, value 40 s. and one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Cox
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Simpson
                     



.


                  EDWARD
                   COX
               



             sworn.
I am lately come from sea; on Friday night last I lost my watch and buckles at my lodgings in Cable-street


; I lost them between seven and eight, it was a silver watch.
What was it worth? - It cost me three pounds, the buckles had silver tongues and chapes, they cost 30 s. I was sitting on the stair-case resting myself, I was not in liquor , nor in sleep; the prisoner asked me for a quartern of gin, and I immediately went into my room, I found my door shut, and the prisoner immediately ran down stairs, he did not speak to me; I found my chest broke open; the prisoner had been a ship-mate of mine, he had been in my icon several times before, I let him lay with me the night before, we have been pretty much together for this week, since I first saw him in London, I had not seen him years before; I saw him the next day and took him into custody, he was talking with a girl to make up matters to go to sleep with her; and he gave me two falls, she had like to have got away from me; on the Sunday morning I asked him for my property, he said if he had thirty pounds, he would give it me, then he told me he had sold my buckles for fourteen shillings, and pawned my watch for fifteen shillings.


                  HENRY
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I have the buckles, the prisoner came into my master's shop on Monday night, between eight and nine, he told me he had a pair of buckles to sell, I took them of him and knocked out the wire, I told him they came to fourteen shillings and sixpence , I gave him the money for them.


                  SARAH
                   BURGESS
               



             sworn.
This man came to my house between eleven and twelve, with a young woman I knew very well, he asked me to lend him five shillings, I did not know him; he said he would leave his watch till morning; I did not know it was stolen; then he came in the morning and told me to go and pawn the watch for ten shillings, he gave five shillings, and I gave him five, the next morning when they told me about it, I delivered ten shillings to fetch it out of pawn, the officer is not here.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say.
Court to 
               
                  Sarah
                   Burgess
               



            . What is the value of the watch? - He valued it at two pounds.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you ever borrow things of each other? - No never, I never lent him any thing, but I have paid money for him, and given him victuals.




               GUILTY 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
