





763. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HENWELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, one iron chissel, with a wooden handle, value 6 d. and one rabbit plane, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Tomkinson
                        



                     
                  ; and one iron chissel, with a wooden handle, value 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Rowland 
                           Spacier
                        



                     
                  ; and one iron hammer with a wooden handle, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   TOMKINSON
               



             sworn.
I am a journeyman carpenter
; Mr. Spacier and Mr. Jones lost some tools; Mr. Jones lost a hammer, and Mr. Spacier lost a chissel; they were in the house of Mr. Waddener, the mason, in Gower-street, Tottenham court-road


; all the articles in the indictment were in the same house; they were all together in one room; they were missing on the 27th of July; I cannot say I know the day of the week; the iron chissel and wooden handle, and the carpenters plane, the rabbit plane, and the chissel belong to me; there was an iron chissel and wooden handle of 
               
                  Rowland
                   Spacier
               



            's, and there was another iron hammer with a wooden handle of 
               
                  John
                   Jones
               



            's; they were taken away; I believe the boy slept in the house; this house was not a finished house, it lay open backwards; I did not see the things on the prisoner, but I saw them the same day at Justice Walker's.
When did you last see them? - I last saw them the night before, or the day before; I cannot justly say.
As for your own tools, you know them, but do you know enough of the other tools to say that they belonged to the other persons.
I have worked with them many a day, and they are here now.
When did you see them again, the next day? - I saw them at Justice Walker's.
Did you know them? - Yes.


                  JAMES
                   MACDONALD
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I found the prisoner with this property on him, after one o'clock in the morning.

All the things in the indictment? - Yes.
What morning was that? - The 27th of July to the best of my knowledge.
Do you know the day of the week? - No, Sir, I cannot tell that, I was walking down the street, and the prisoner was coming up the street against me.
What street? - Gower-street.
That is not a great way from Tottenham-court-road? - No, Sir; he was on one side of the street, and I on the other; I crossed over against him, and stopped him, and asked him where he came from; he said he came out from the brick-kilns; I asked him what he could be doing there at such a late hour as this, and he said he had been at work there, that he had no lodgings, and was obliged to sleep there; he said he carried mortar for a bit of bread; I saw something long hang out of his pocket; what is that, says I? firewood says he; let me look at them, says I; after that he pulled out one of the chissels, the largest of the two; I took that out of his hand, and I told him to shew me the rest; on which, he pulled out another chissel, which was smaller than the rest; then he took the hammer out; come down the street, says I, and let me see whether the watchman at the bottom saw you come out of the brick-kilns, or not: the watchman said nobody had passed him; then the boy said he had come out of one of the houses over the way; then I asked him to shew me the house, and he did; after this, I had him taken into custody, and I asked him if there was any body with him; he said no.


                  JOSEPH
                   MILWARD
               



             sworn.
(Produces the things mentioned in the indictment.)
I was officer of the night; I received these things from Macdonald, and have kept them ever since.
To Tomkinson. Look at the two iron chissels; the iron chissel, and the rabbit plane, you describe to be your own, what marks do you know them by? - I know the chissel by the handle being turned in the lathe, and the mark it has upon the face of it; it is a dent upon the face of the chissel; it is not common to every chissel to have such a dent in it as that is; I have had it four years; I had been working with it in this house.
Have you not many chissels rounded in the lathe as you call it? - No.
Now look at the rabbit plane, is that your's? - Yes, I know it by the colour, and the wood; there is a particular stain in the wood.
Did you miss a plane of that sort? - I did.
How long have you had it? - Seven years.


                  ROWLAND
                   SPACIER
               



             sworn.
I lost an iron chissel with a wooden handle, from the house in Gower-street; I missed it on the 27th of July; I had seen it the day before; this is it; there are some nail holes in the handle which I know it by.


                  JOHN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I lost an iron hammer, on the 27th of July, I had been at work with it the day before in this house of Mr. Waddener's; this is it; I know it by its having an oak handle, they commonly put beech in the handles, but I made this handle myself, and put what I could get into it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
