





814. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Harris
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 26th of July
 last, and putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, one watch with the inside and outside cases made of silver, value 40 s. a stone seal, value 12 d. a base metal watch hook, value 6 d. and a key, value 1 d. his property
            .
(The witnesses examined apart at the request of the Prisoner.)


                  JAMES
                   HARRIS
               



             sworn.
I am a journeyman baker
, I was robbed on the 26th of July, in Lime-street, Spittal-fields


, between twelve and one, I was going home, I was as sober as I am now; I was knocked down by another man, I got up and ran away from him, that was just before, about a minute; the prisoner met me, and asked me what was the matter, I told him a man had knocked me down and used me ill, immediately he whipped my watch out of my pocket and ran away.
Did he speak to you by your name? - No.
Was it dark or light? - Star-light.
Are not you mistaken as to the man? - I am pretty sure I am not.
Have you any doubt at all about it? - Not in the least.
Are you clear that is the man? - Yes.
Now you have looked at him again, do you continue satisfied that he is the man? - Yes.
What sort of a watch was it? - A silver watch, I took him up the next day, he said nothing more to me than I have related, he did not ask me to deliver my money or watch, or anything.
Mr. Keys, Prisoner's Council. What day was this? - The 26th of July.
What day of the week? - On Tuesday morning.
What time of the night? - Between twelve and one.
I believe you had been drinking pretty freely? - Not above a pint of beer the whole evening.
Have not you expressed a doubt about the prisoner? - No.
Do you know one 
               
                  John
                   Newton
               



            ? - No, I cannot say I do.
Have you had any conversation with anybody about the prisoner? - Yes, he has sent to me to make it up.
Is not there another person in that neighbourhood, that is like the prisoner? - Not that I know.
Court. Did I understand you right, when you said no violence was used to your person by him, but that he barely snatched the watch out of your pocket, and returned it again? - Yes.
Did you see the other person that knocked you down and him together? - No.


                  HENRY
                   HALE
               



             sworn.
I attended the Rotation-office, at Whitechapel, I went to apprehend the prisoner the next day, the prosecutor picked him out from several other prisoners.

Did you find anything upon him? - Nothing at all.


                  BENJAMIN
                   NASH
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner.
Did he mention his name to you? - No, he said he knew him very well.
Prisoner. I leave it to my Counsel.
The prisoner called six witnesses who gave him a very good character.


                  RICHARD
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am the brother of the prisoner, I came home on the evening of the robbery between eleven and twelve, and my brother was in bed, I went to bed to him, I am sure he did not go out that night any more.
Where do you live? - Great Eagle-street Spital-fields.
Court. What night was this? - The 25th of July.
Are you sure it was the 25th of July? - I am no scholar, any further than I got a gentleman to put it down to the best of my knowledge, my uncle put it down.
How came that? - Because my brother being in trouble, he put it down for a memorandum, it was on the Monday night.
Court to Prosecutor. What night was it you was robbed? - Between twelve and one on the Tuesday morning.
Court to Brown. When was it you desired your uncle to put this down? - The day after, or in the course of the week.
Court to Jury. From the evidence there does not seem to be that sort of violence that will constitute a highway robbery, it is a felony.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
