





76. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     POWELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, one pair of stays, value 10 s. one gown, value 10 s. one apron, value 2 s. and one black silk cloak, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Crouch
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  MARY
                   CROUCH
               



             sworn.
I live No. 33, Compton-street, in the parish of St. Giles's in the fields


: on the 8th of November, I lost a great many things, some of which I have found; I gave the things to the prisoner to wash, on the 7th of November; she came to me as a chair woman
; I was ill at the time; she said she lodged at next door, and I was so poorly I did not enquire; I am sure the prisoner is the person; I did not know her before; I delivered to her a child's frock, bed gown, and shift, a table-cloth, a muslin gown and apron, and a laced handkerchief, two towels; they were to be washed in our kitchen; I lost also a pair of stays, and a black mode cloak; about three or four of these things were hanging to the fire to dry, and the woman was gone; I called very loud, but nobody answered; the things were found at the pawnbroker's.


                  THOMAS
                   MANSFIELD
               



             sworn.
I was informed of this robbery; I apprehended the prisoner at Rotherhithe; on the 14th of November, I found these duplicates on her.


                  JOHN
                   MASON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to a pawnbroker in Broad-street, Bloomsbury; I have a gown, an apron, and a pair of stays; these are my duplicates; the things were not pawned by the prisoner; it was a young woman about sixteen or seventeen, but I do not know her.


                  STEPHEN
                   COOKE
               



             sworn.
I took in a silk cloak of a woman named 
               
                  Ann
                   Powell
               



            , the 13th of November; I am a pawnbroker's servant, in Fetter-lane, Holborn; I cannot positively say I took the cloak from the prisoner; I believe it to be her; I saw her about a week after; this is our duplicate.
(The things deposed to.)
Prosecutrix. The lace of the cloak is my own making; it was in a drawer in my bed room; I saw it about three hours before it was missing; I saw her put the cloak and stays in my drawer; there was nobody else to come to the drawers; I was laid down on the bed on the Tuesday afternoon; this is an apron that was my mother's, that I brought from the country; I know the stays by this piece which is put in to make them wider.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never pawned any of the things, nor ever took any; I was gone over the way, and when I came back I found these duplicates, and missed the things; I was quite flurried and went away; the house was a lodging house with many different people in it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
