





59 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEWIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
 last, four cloth coats, value 39 s. a silk waistcoat, value 3 s. a cotton waistcoat, value 3 s. a worsted ditto, value 3 s. two pair of corderoy breeches, value 12 s. and a pair of thickset ditto, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Bernard 
                     Benjamin
                  




               
            .


                  BERNARD
                   BENJAMIN
               



             sworn.
I lost the things in the indictment, the 14th of November; they were lost out ofmy shop: I deal in those articles; I know the prisoner very well; I saw him three or four times round my shop, but not on the day of the robbery: I came down in the shop; I saw the prisoner behind the counter, and stopped him with the property: he owned at the justice's, that he opened the lock with a false key; nobody was in the shop when the things were taken.


                  THOMAS
                   COLLARD
               



             sworn.
On the 15th of November, I was in the change, where the prosecutor rents a shop of me; I am the master of the change: I heard the prosecutor calling out very loudly for me; and inside the locker was the prisoner sitting down, and some clothes over him; and he confessed that he took the clothes, and opened the place with a key which he gave me; I do not recollect I promised or threatened him: but I was so flurried, I do not know what I said at the time.
Prisoner. I was in the change, and the prosecutor came and said, you rascally dog, you are a thief; I only went to drink at the pump.
(The things deposed to.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
