





584. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NOWLAND
                  



               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing on the 12th of July
 last, eight yards of edging, value 4 s. two yards of lace, value 1 s. four remnants of muslin, value 1 s. eight yards of edging, value 4 s. two yards of lace, value 1 s. four remnants of muslin, value 1 s. a worked apron, 25 s. and a pair of laced robbins, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Morgan
                        




Esq.
 in his dwelling house
            .


                  MARY
                   HOLDEN
               



             sworn.
I lived servant with Mr. Morgan at the time I lost my things; about the 9th of July I was discharged from my place, being accused of having those things myself; I know the prisoner, he came frequently to wait at table when we had company, he was servant to a friend of Mr. Morgan's, Mr. D'Arcy: there was seven shirts missing, and two muslin handkerchiefs which are not found, I was accused of these things and my master turned me away; he took a muslin apron out of the kitchen, which I found upon the young woman that he kept, her name is 
               
                  Mary
                   Johnson
               



            ; I found a pair of laced robbins, he told me he took them three months before my master left London, and a worked apron; no promises were made to him; he said he took it, it was found upon him, and there was eight yards of edging which he owned to.


                  MARY
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
Where did you get the apron that was found on you? - The prisoner told me he bought it, I paid him six shillings for it, which was the money he said he gave for it.


                  Dennis
                   Macdonald
               



            . When he was in the compter I heard him acknowledge it, and no promise was made.
Prisoner. I did not tell her any thing, I did not own to them; I have no friends.




               GUILTY. 35 s.
            





               Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
