





308. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LARGENT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he on the 17th of April
 last, in a certain field near the King's highway, upon one 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Landers
                        




                     
                  , in the peace of God and our Lord the King, men, and there being, unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously did make an assault, and her the said Elizabeth unlawfully, and feloniously did threaten to murder, with intent her monies feloniously to steal, take, and carry away against the form of the statute
            .



                  ELIZABETH
                   LANDERS
               



             sworn.
As I was coming along about half past 8 at night, by the New River at Islington


; I was going home to the City-gardens; I went the back way, and saw a man coming along with an hamper; I thought him an honest man; the prisoner was before me, I passed the man with the hamper, and lost sight of the prisoner, I missed him immediately after passing the man with the hamper; there were some hay stacks and a post; he concealed himself by the hay stacks, when I came up I passed him, and I walked quick; he run after me, he caught fast hold of me with both hands, and said he would murder me in an instant, if I made any noise; I told him, I would not be robbed, and flung him from me; I ran, and called murder! I met two men, and they asked me what was the matter, I saw him very distinct, I have no doubt of his person; the men pursued and took him, they brought him to me to the end of the garden.
He got out of your sight when he ran? - Yes.
How long might he be out of your sight?
- Ten minutes, I was close by home, it was opening the garden door.
Then it could not be ten minutes? - The man spoke to me, and ran across, and asked me what had happened, and I told him.
How long was he out of your sight from the time he ran away, till he was taken? -
About 10 minutes, it was moon light.
How long might he be with you? - A very short time, I cannot say.
Are you sure he was the man? - Oh yes! his eyes fixed upon me so close, and by the moon, I saw him so fair, that I know him well, it shocks me when I look at him.
Do you recollect how he was dressed? - No, I think he had brown on, but it was his face I noticed.
Court. Have you any doubt whether it is the same man that was brought back again? - It is the same man I am sure.
The Remainder of this Trial in the Seventh Part, which will be published in a few Days.





Trials at Law, Arguments of Counsel, &c. carefully taken in Short-Hand, and copied with Dispatch by E. HODGSON, Writer of these Proceedings, No. 35, Chancery Lane.
Short-hand taught at Home and Abroad.
This Day is Published, Price 2 s. 6 d. the Second Edition, with Additions, of SHORT-HAND on an IMPROVED PLAN; The Alphabet consisting of Sixteen Characters only, by E. HODGSON.
Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No, 35, Chancery Lane, S. BLADON, Pater-noster Row, and J. CLARKE, Portugal Street.
N. B. This Book, which contains also an Explanatory Copper-plate is a sufficient Instructor of itself, but if any Doubts should arise, they shall be removed on Application to the Author without any additional Expence.







THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO, The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 30th of APRIL, 1783, and the following Days;
Being the FOURTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     Nathaniel
                      Newnham
                  



               , Esq; 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT HAND BY E. HODGSON, And Published by Authority.
NUMBER IV. PART VII.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXIII

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  John
                   Largent
               



            .


                  THOMAS
                   THIRKILL
               



             sworn.
I am but lately come from sea, I went to see an old master in Britannia-row, and coming back, he said, we will go over the fields, and we heard the cry of murder! says I, I will go and see who that is, says he, it is a trap laid for somebody; I saw a man running across the fields; we laid hold of him, says he, gentlemen what do you want with me, I did not see the woman; says I, then you know something about it; we took him into the fields, he desired we would not use him ill, and we took him down to the prosecutrix, who we were informed was gone down to the City-gardens; she was in one of the gardens next to her own house; she knew him directly; we took him to the City-arms; he desired us to let him go, he said, it was the first time; he said, his master was a japanner and gilder, in St. John's-street; the patrol handcuffed him, and took him to New-prison.


                  JOHN
                   DEMPSEY
               



             sworn.
I was coming from London, about half past eight at night, with the last witness, we had just got into the field, and I heard the the prosecutrix cry murder! in a little time after, I perceived this man run from where I heard the woman screaming, I and this young man stopped him, at the end of Colebrook-row; I was the first that came up with him; he said, what do you want with me, I said, why do you run away; he said, he had done no harm; we took him to the place, where we thought, we heard the woman screaming.
Court. Recollect as near as you can, all you heard him say? - He said, what do you want with me; I said, you dog, what do you run away for, says I, you must have done something, or you would not have run away; while I was speaking this young man came up, and the prisoner said, gentlemen do not use me ill.
Court. Did he mention any thing about a woman? - He said, he had done no harm to nobody, I thought it was a woman that screamed, but he said, he had done no harm to any body; we took him to the gentlewoman, and she shook her head, and could scare speak for affright; she said directly, that was the person, I was not with him as he went up.


                  ELLIS
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
I was at that time employed by Sir Sampson Wright, I used to have five men from the office to go along with me; we had been about Islington, about eight o'clock, and I heard that a woman had been just stopped in the field; I went to the City-arms, and took charge of the prisoner, I found nothing in his pocket but a knife, and a few half-pence, I asked him if he knew of any others that were concerned, he said, he came out that night with intention to rob for a little money for the holidays.
Court. Did you make use of any promises, or threats to make him confess? - No, he said, it was the first time, he acknowledged it directly; going to gaol, he told me of another young fellow, that had been concerned with him in committing another robbery.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, I was taking a walk that evening about Islington, and I took the prosecutrix for a woman of the town, I went to put my hands round her neck, and she run away, I did not intend to rob her.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
