





721. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOTTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of May
 last, one hempen bag, value 2 d. one hundred and sixty-eight pounds weight of iron nails, value 40 s. five iron keys, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               

                        James 
                        Meriton
                     



                  , the elder




            .
Prisoner. My Lord, I was here last sessions, and was discharged for this offence, because there was no evidence.
Court. You was not tried for this offence, if you had been you might have pleaded that.
Prisoner. Please to examine my witnesses one at a time.


                  JOSEPH
                   MERITON
               



            , the younger, sworn.
I am a shipwright

; the property mentioned in the indictment is my father's property, he lives at Limehouse


, the business is his, and I manage it for him; we found the prisoner in the iron house, I was present, about half past nine in the evening, on a Monday; when I went in 
               
                  John
                   Williams
               



             had got the prisoner by the collar, I asked the prisoner what he wanted there, he told me he came there to sleep, I told Williams to take him to the watch-house, and I found this key of the iron house, I have had it ever since.
Court. Where was it? - About three or four yards from the door of the iron house, under the knee of the head of a ship; then I got a light, and went into the house and found the other keys, there is a partition, the padlock was unlocked, and the keys were thrown among the nails; I think this is the key of the padlock; these keys are locked up in the foreman's counting-house every night, of which this is the key, and the labourer goes round to see that they are all locked; I then went to the counting house, which is on the other side the yard, separate from the iron house, and I found the lock strained off from the door; this hempen bag I found full of nails, I know it to be my father's property; I have no share in the house.
Court. How many bags were there in the counting house full of nails? - Six or seven.
Is there any mark on the sack? - No.


                  JOHN
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner in the iron-house, I heard a noise in the house, and I called out who is there, but no body made me any answer, I secured the door with some large paving stones which happened to be by and got a light, I heard a person run to the other end of the lost when I called out, I heard the nails rattle under his feet, and I heard the bag moved.
Court. Might not it be moved by the running? - No, my Lord, it was so heavy.
Can you say what bag of nails he moved? - One bag was moved from all the rest, I was in the lost that afternoon, and secured the lost door, I found the keys of the counting-house and of the nail lost laying down near the door at the bottom, these are the keys of the nail lost which I secured in the counting-house, which I carried into the counting-house, that evening, they were near the end of the head of the ship, the key of the padlock was there that opens the inner lost, I am positive sure I heard him in the lost trying to make his escape.
Had any body been in besides yourself? - No, I locked the door all the evening.
Had you the key of the door all that time? - No, they are carried into the counting-house to the foreman at six o'clock who carried them home to his house, he is here.
What difference was there between the situation of this sack of nails and the rest? - The foreman had that day ordered me to separate the nails which I did, there were two bags of them they weighed 168 pounds at least or more, when I went away I set them up an end one bag against the other, when I found them the bag was thrown down, it was moved about the length of the bag, by turning it down he had rolled it over.
Court. If a man was to run with great violence against the bag might not he knock it down? - A man would fall before the bag.
You are quite sure of that? - Yes.
But if it was possible for a man to knock it down would it not fall in the same position? - Yes.
This was the door he was trying to get out at? - Yes, but I heard them fall before I attacked him, I was about five or six yards distance, I was going past the lost at the time.
What did he say to you? - He made no defence in the world, but said he knew nothing about it, and he came there to sleep.
Do you know whether Mr. Meriton the elder had any bags there that were not his own? - Not that I know off.
Court to Mr. Meriton. I ask you the same question? - No, Sir, I am sure of it, the nails were never opened, the bags were all filled with iron nails.

Court to Williams. Do you know whether on that day these bags were filled with nails and that bag in particular? - Yes.
Prisoner. Whether the nails were not in the middle of the lost? - No they were supported by the lost side.


                  PETER
                   BRADY
               



             sworn.
I am foreman to the prosecutor, I had the care of the keys, and locked them up in the counting-house about half past six.
Court. Who knows the counting-house door was broke open.
Prosecutor. I do, the lock was strained, I saw the prisoner in the iron-house.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
About nine o'clock a girl asked me to go with her, she took me to this place, I laid down, I was asleep when this man came, I awoke and saw nothing of the girl, and when I awoke I told this man I did not know where I was, says he you want to rob the place, and they came and took me.
Prosecutor. The gates of our yard were locked, and there is a possibility of a man's coming through the ruins of a fire that we had about three months ago.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
