





260. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     JULKS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
 last, thirty pounds weight of lead, value 6 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Lumley
                        




                     
                  , affixed to his dwelling-house, against the statute
            .


                  RICHARD
                   LUMLEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Bell-yard, Temple-bar


; I lost some lead on the 17th of last month, about thirty pounds or more, from part of the dwelling-house, and a sucker from the cistern, it was fixed to the side of the house; the cistern was in the yard, it joins to the side of the wall of the yard, but the other part of the lead was fixed to the dwelling-house; I only speak to the property.


                  JOHN
                   BULLER
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol; on the 17th of March, it might be half past eight, I met the prisoner in Fleet-street; I asked him what he had? he would not tell me; I took him to the watch-house; he was very unwilling, but begged for mercy very much; when I got him to the watch-house, I asked him a great many questions, how he came by this lead? he said, he found it in Chancery-lane; I had seen the prisoner at work at Mr. Lumley's; then he told me, he found it in Fleet-street, just by where I took him; I went in the morning to Mr. Lumley's, and found the lead was gone.
Did you compare that lead with what was taken from the house? - No.
Did you, Mr. Lumley? - Yes; I know both one and the other; one is a new piece, and the other is an old one; I went upon the roof of the privy, where it was taken from, and looked at it, and found it fitted.
(The lead produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am not guilty; I work for a gentleman, and I left him a fortnight, but I had been to seek for some work; coming out, I discerned something in the highway; a man helped me up with it, and the patrol took me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
