





467. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PETERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of May, one pair of leather boots, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Bowman
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   BOWMAN
               



             sworn.
I missed a pair of boots, on Saturday, the 5th of May; they were on board the ship with the rest of my property, laying at Ratcliffe-cross


.


                  CHARLOTTE
                   WOODS
               



             sworn.
The prisoner brought these boots to me; he lodged in the house where I lived servant; and he asked me to pawn them for him; and I pawned them for three shillings; the woman that keeps the house, her name was put down, but I do not know the name, nor did I tell any name.
Did he give you a duplicate? - No, I did not ask for any.
Do you know the house where you pawned them? - Where we always pledge our things, at Mr. Stratford's house; they were the same I received from the prisoner; I saw Cooper; I did not see the prisoner give Cooper the money; he never saw the boots.
- STRATFORD sworn.
These boots were pawned at my shop; there was no duplicate given with them; people are sometimes dubious of taking duplicates, for fear of losing them; I knew the person very well that brought them; and they was put in the name of the person that kept the house.
(The boots deposed to.)
Here is a scratch in the leg; they were made on purpose for me.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.


                  James
                   Cooper
               



             took these boots and put them into my bed, and carried them on shore, and he gave them to me to give to the woman, and she gave me the money, and I gave it directly to Cooper.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
