







5. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STRICKLAND
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MACKINTOSH
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Hooton
                     




                  , on the King's highway on the 24th of November
 last, and putting him in fear, and taking from him a metal watch, value 40 s. his property
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   HOOTON
               



             sworn.
I was robbed the 24th of November: on Monday, about eleven at night, I had a guard-iron in my hand to keep children from the fire; and coming through the narrow part of St. Martin's Court


, four or five men came up to me, and pushed me against a door, and damned me for carrying such a thing at that time of night, and not taking better care of it; I turned round and said I did not insult them, but they me; a gentleman advised me to make the best of my way home; coming along Castle-street, another man came up and damned me for carrying such an iron at that time of night, and not taking better care of it; and instantly I felt my watch go from me, and I cried out, oh my watch, my watch, and one of the witnesses directly brought me my watch back again, and told me not to be afraid, for they had my watch safe; I saw Strickland on my right hand side; when I had my watch, I remember seeing him perfectly, that was about two minutes before I lost it, he was walking; by the side of me; he did not speak to me; I never saw him before, but I recollected him directly at the watch-house; I do not think he was the man that struck me; I do not know who that was.
Mr. Peatt, prisoner Mackintosh's counsel. You was in the narrow part of the court? - Yes.
You do not know who pushed you? - No.
Several people were passing? - Yes.
Nothing more happened till you got to the end of Cranbourn Alley? - No.
This was about eleven o'clock? - Yes.
There were a great number of people? - Yes.
Did the person who hit you over the shoulder hit you with violence? - Yes, he pushed me hard; there was nobody else present then.
Was you in fear of any thing? - No, I was not.
You did not notice any other person but Strickland, that was near you? - No.
There were a good many others near you then? - A good many behind me.
And before you too, I take it? - I cannot say that there were.


                  JOHN
                   PHILLIPS
               



             sworn.
I was coming through Cranbourn Alley at past eleven, in company with one Mr. Mansell, hearing a disturbance, I turned back; before I got close to the people that were together, I heard the cry of stop thief, I have lost my watch; and I saw the prisoner, Strickland, run; a person in the corner of the passage struck at his feet; I ran and took hold, of Strickland; some other person gave his assistance. Somebody was talking of searching, and at the same time, somebody said there was a watch on the ground, and a watch was found on the ground, just at his feet; and I believe the watch was picked up by the same person; I then said it was proper to take the prisoner to the watch-house, and I assisted to take him there.
Then Strickland was the only person that you took up? - I did not hear that any body else was concerned till after.
Prisoner Strickland. He said, he would do me, and bring an assault against me; I said, if you think I have any thing, search me? - I said, in case you get through this, for your treatment to me, I will bring an action against you for an assault; because he did not only strike, but kicked me; I did not wish to mention that circumstance.
Did he say to you, if you think I have any thing about me, search me? - I do not remember any thing of the kind.


                  JOHN
                   MANSELL
               



             sworn.
Coming along Cranbourn Alley withPhillips, I heard the cry of stop thief; Phillips had hold of my arm; he immediately ran and caught hold of Strickland; when they came up to the end of the Alley, he had hold of Strickland; he brought him to the end of Castle-street, then I saw the watch drop from Strickland.
You are quite sure of that? - Quite sure; I told the people I saw the watch drop from him, and somebody else picked it up; and another man had hold of his arm when the watch dropped from him.
Did you see any body else taken or running, at the cry of stop thief? - No, I did not; I saw Mackintosh at the watch-house.


                  JOHN
                   RAVENHILL
               



             sworn.
At the hour of eleven, I was coming through Cranbourn Alley, I saw a mob of people before me, at the end of Castle-street; I stood at the end of Cranbourn Passage, and I saw the prisoner, Strickland, run out of the mob; I put my foot before him, and he stumbled; I heard the cry, I have lost my watch; I thought he must be the man that took it; I called out stop thief; Phillips ran after the prisoner, and took hold of him; I kept fight of the prisoner, Strickland, all the time, close to him; when he was taken they searched for the watch, and looked down at the prisoner's feet, and picked up the watch; I said, take care of the prisoner, I have the watch; then there were some watchmen close to us; I said ring your rattles, and take the man to the watch-house.


                  JOHN
                   WORTHY
               



             sworn.
About eleven o'clock the 24th evening, coming through Cranbourn-passage, at the end of Castle-street, I saw the prosecutor, and heard a cry, I have lost my watch; Strickland ran away; I came up immediately and laid hold of the prisoner's arm, and conveyed him to the corner of Cranbourn Alley, when he put his hand to his pocket as I had hold of him, and dropped the watch, I saw him drop it. I never saw him before, that I know of.
Court to Prosecutor. What distance was that place where you was first hustled from the place where you lost your watch? - About as far as from here to that window.
PRISONER STRICKLAND's DEFENCE.
I work for one Mr. Smith in the Alley; I had two pair of shoes in my pocket; there was a mob of people; this gentleman was quite in liquor; and between Mr. Young's shop door and the corner, there was a watch; there were ten people trying to get hold of the watch; I might stoop to pick the watch up, I do not doubt but I did. I did not get hold of it, somebody kicked me over the hands; they searched me in Cranbourn Alley, and the watch was found in Castle-street.
Who searched you? - This gentleman here in the white coat, and this gentleman in the blue coat.
To Ravenhill; did you search him? - I did not.
Prisoner. He felt every where; the watchman had a person in custody for taking the watch from him at the same time, and the watchman then said he would swear to him.
Mr. Peatt. Although your Lordship does not call on the other prisoner, John M'Intosh, for his defence, I think it necessary to state to the court, that he is an apprentice to a reputable tradesman, and has many persons of great consideration to appear to his character; it is a shameful thing they should have brought him here.
Court. There is not the least imputation upon him.
Ravenhill. I delivered the watch to the constable of the night; I do not know his name.
Court to Prosecutor. Have you the watch? - I have not seen it since that night at Mr. Hyde's office, it was shewn me, but they durst not let me have it.
Did you see it after it had been pickt up, and before you went to the Justice? - Yes, I did; and at the watch-house.

Can you swear it was your watch? - Yes, I can.
What is the constable's name? - I don't know.
Mr. Newman. It appears by the commitment, that his name is David Chrichton.
Where is he?
Prosecutor. I do not know; I went to the office to see after it, and they they told me I had nothing to do but to attend here.
What office is it? - Mr. Hyde's.
Court. Is he bound over? - Yes.
Court. Call him on his recognizance.


                  David
                   Chrichton
               



             called on his recognizance, but did not appear.


                  WILLIAM
                   STRICKLAND
               



            . 


               GUILTY
            .
Not of the Robbery.




               Transported for seven years
            .
JOHN M'INTOSH. 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Mr. Peatt. I am instructed to apply for a copy of the indictment.
Court. There does not appear any malice.
Mr. Peatt. My Lord, if a man will bring an innocent man here, at the risk of his reputation, he ought to be punished. Several respectable persons connected with this young man, have directed their attorney to make this application, on the ground of a consciousness that there was not a shadow for taking this young man up.
The court refused to grant the motion.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
