






856. 
               
                  HARDWICK 
                  RICHARDSON
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Mary
                         the 
                        wife
 of 
                              
                                 
                                    John 
                                    Bell
                                 







                  , on the King's highway, on the 20th of October
 last, and putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and feloniously taking from her person, and against her will, a cloth waistcoat, value 3 s. a white corded dimity ditto, value 3 s. the property of the said John
            .


                  MARY
                   BELL
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  John
                   Bell
               



            ; he lives in Crane-court, Rosemary-lane


; he deals in clothes
 I was unlocking my own door; I lost two waistcoats; I was coming home with a parcel of waistcoats on my arm.
How many? - As many as I could conveniently take on my arm; as I was unlocking the door; it was a spring-lock, and I could not conveniently unlock it with one hand, so I put my waistcoats into my apron; then I took my two hands to undo the door; then a man came and seized me by the arm; he pulled my arm, and the waistcoats upon it; and there happened to be two waistcoats upon it; the rest were in my apron; but the second time he pulled, he got the two waistcoats away; I cried, oh, dear, who is that; he made no answer; he got half a yard from me, and dropped one of the waistcoats; I thought it was somebody in joke, as he was laughing so hearty; the neighbours were alarmed; it was early in the night; and the prisoner was stopped; when he heard me cry out, he cryed out faster than any body else.
He said nothing to you? - Nothing at all; I got my waistcoats; they were stopped, and brought back with a man, but I cannot swear this is the man; he was in a blue jacket.


                  JOHN
                   FEARNE
               



             sworn.
I stopped the prisoner; I keep a shoemaker's shop the bottom of the Minories; I heard the cry of stop thief; the man came running by the door; my brother tripped him up; he fell, and I picked him up, and picked up the waistcoats too.
(The waistcoats produced, and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, I had been at work on board a ship last Friday se'night; as I had been many days before at Ratcliffe-cross; I came on shore at six in the evening, along with three or four of our people, sailors, we had three or four tankards of porter together; I quitted their company to go to Gray's Inn; I had seen them the night before; I was going through Rosemary-lane, between seven and eight, I saw a man come running out in a violent haste; I never saw the man before in my life; this woman was in pursuit of him; I was in liquor, and I ran after him; I overtook him, and had a scuffle with him; I perceived he had some property in his hand, and I snatched it out of his hand, and run after him; I was just passing this gentleman's door; the person I was taking up just passed the door as I did; I was thrown down, being suspected of being the person; I will assure you it is true; I am a sea-faring person; I never was in a Court in my life; I was in expectation of a friend coming, a Mr. Townsend; I sent for the gentleman I lodge with, in great Trinity-lane, and he was not at home.
Court to Fearne. Did you see any person running before? - No; my house is seven doors from the corner of the Minories; he was running towards the corner of the Minories.




               GUILTY Of stealing
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
