





668. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EMERY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th day of August
, one silver milk pot, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John Benjamin 
                           Cole
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   BENJAMIN COLE
               



             sworn.
I keep a goldsmith's shop
 in Barbican


; I only prove the property.


                  MARY
                   COLE
               



             sworn.
I am wife to the last witness; the prisoner came into my shop, on the 8th of August, between four and five; he offered me a bad sixpence; I told him it was worth a penny; he would not take it; I was standing in the shop; the milk-pot was on the counter; we buy silver, and gold, and bad money, and light money, and every thing; we always cut it at the time; the prisoner went out, and I missed the milk pot; I went after him directly; I had not been out a minute; I called stop thief; I did not see him stopped; two young men brought him back in a minute; I am sure he was the same; the milk-pot was in his pocket; I saw him pull it out myself, and throw it on the other side of the counter; he said he had nothing about him; I believe the constable took the milk-pot.


                  JOHN
                   COLLINS
               



             sworn.
I took charge of the prisoner; I saw him take the milk-pot out of his pocket.


                  JOHN
                   NEGUS
               



             sworn.
I took charge of the prisoner and the milk-pot; Mr. Cole gave me the milk-pot; Mrs. Cole was present.
Mr. Cole. I gave the milk-pot to the constable.
Constable. I have had it ever since.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
In the morning I had a shilling; I got change for it, and got a roll and butter in the afternoon; the sixpence was cracked; I went to two or three or four places; nobody would take it; I went into this shop to sell it; they said they would give me a penny for it; I went out of the shop, they called after me and stopped me and brought me back; they said I had the milk-pot, and she said it was behind the counter; and she said, you little dog, you flung it behind the counter; nobody can say I took it out of my pocket.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Court to Mrs. Cole. Did you see him take the milk-pot at all? - No, my Lord, I did not; nobody was in the shop but myself.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 4 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
