






185. 
               
                  
                     NICHOLAS 
                     GREENWELL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     FREEMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               that they, on the 22d day of November
 last, with force and arms, with a certain offensive weapon called a pistol, value 5 s. which the said 
                     
                        Robert
                         Freeman
                     



                   had and held in his right hand, in and upon 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Sommerfield
                        




                     
                  , feloniously, maliciously, and unlawfully did make an assault, and him on the King's highway, did in bodily fear put, with intent to steal his goods and money
            .


                  JAMES
                   SOMMERFIEDD
               



             sworn.
I am a drover
; in November last, but I cannot tell the day, it was on a Monday, I was with three more going to Barnet


, in a return chaise, the prisoner Freeman came to the side of the horses, and presented a pistol to the post-boy, and said if he did not stop, he would blow his brains out, I did not hear him ask for any money, it was moon light, he had a light coloured coat on, I did not see his face, I did not see anybody on the other side of the chaise, I cannot swear to his face, the post-boy drove his horses to the next publick house, and he pursued after them, and took them in about a quarter of an hour, I was not at the first taking them.


                  JAMES
                   PLATT
               



             sworn.
I am a drover, I was with the last witness, about nine at night, the chaise was not quite stopped, the boy kept going on.
How long had you been in sleep? - Not at all.
Did not you fall asleep in the chaise? - No Sir, we had not got a mile.
Who bid the post boy stop? - The prisoner Greenwell.
Which side was he? - The near side as we went from Highgate


.
Did you see any arms? - I saw a stick that he had, I saw nothing else.
Was it a tuck end? - No point to it.
Did you see his face? - No I saw his dress, when he stopped us, the other came up by the side of the post-boy and bid him stop, he said stop, damn you, or I'll blow your brains out; then the post-boy said blow and be damned, and hit the horses a good lick, and flew away from them, they did not ask us for any thing, I know Freeman by his dress, we drove up to the house, about two or three hundred yards, then the post-boy mounted his horse, and bid us go on, and he would follow these men, and we found them hid in a place like a well, Freeman struck at me, and I knocked him down, and there was a pistol lay, and another man took it away.
Which of them was it you knocked down? - Freeman, I saw the pistol taken from him, Greenwell was in the well also, he run away directly, and was taken soon after, Greenwell had a blue coat on; the other had a whitish coat on, they had both aprons on, we overtook them about a mile, I was sure when I overtook them, they were the two men, they stood by the side of the well.
Were they laid down, or were they standing up? - Rather stooping down, it is just close by the path.
Mr. Chetwood, council for the prisoner Freeman. What time was this when you was in the chaise, when you was attacked by somebody? - About nine, as near as I can guess.
Was it light enough to distinguish one man's face from another? - I knew them by their dress.
Could you distinguish the colour of a man's coat at that time? - Yes.
Did you describe what kind of cloaths, either of them had at the dirt house? - No.
Was not there a person on horseback? - Yes.
Why could they not have got out of your way, so that you could not have overtaken them? - They could have got over the hedges, if they pleased.
Was it not a dark night? - No, it was moon light, Freeman came on my side.


                  FRANCIS
                   ANNELL
               



             sworn.
I was at the bar of the chaise, on the outside, at this time the prisoner Greenfield, came first to my horses heads with a stick, and attempted to stop me, and bid me stop, Freeman came up with a pistol, and clapped it to my side, and said damn you if you do not stop, I will blow your brains out; I saw their faces, I can swear to them, the prisoners are the men, Freeman had a cocked hat, the other had a flapped hat.
What sort of cloaths had they? - Greenwell had a dark colour, and the other a light, Freeman had two coats on, he had a light colour drab on the outside; I mounted my horse and pursued, and overtook them, just going up Highgate-hill, I rode by them, and knew them, there were four in company, therefore I did not offer to stop them, I put up my horse at the Bull, intending to meet them, I could not leave my horse upon the road, I found them down in the well, by the old store house; I did not see them searched.
Mr. Chetwood. There were four of them? - Yes.
Could you distinguish their faces, did you see either of them, as you rode? - Yes, I never spoke to them, I was three yards distance, I know them again.


                  EDMUND
                   COLLEYBRIDGE
               



             sworn.
I heard the cry, and came out to help him to take Freeman, he was out of the well, the well belongs to my garden.
Court. Is the well so much in the foot way, that a man, or two might walk into it by accident? - It lays very ugly, I suppose the well is about two feet lower than the foot path, there is a quick and walls, to prevent people getting into my garden.
Jury. Are there any rails between your well, and the foot path? - No.


                  EDWARD
                   PRATT
               



             sworn.
I was at the taking of Freeman, he was just by the well.


                  FRANCIS
                   HUDNELL
               



             sworn.
I helped to take Greenwell, just at the upper end of the old Storehouse, I saw him in the well, with the other prisoner, but he made his escape, I overtook him, he had no fire arms upon him.
The prisoner Freeman called his master Mr. Wright, who gave him a very good character, and said he worked with him till he was taken up, and the foreman confirmed the same.
PRISONER GREENWELL's DEFENCE.
I worked till nine that day, and then I went to see the fight; coming home Freeman overtook me, and coming to Highgate, we went to a spring well, and stopped to drink, and some men came up and took us.
Jury. Can you describe the aprons? - One I took had a green linen or woollen, and the other, a black leather apron.
Which had the green one? - Freeman.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
