






697. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HOUGHTON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, two iron saws, value 5 s. one leaden glue-pot, value 6 d. one pair of brass and iron dividers, value 6 d. two iron hammers, value 6 d. one pair of iron pincers, value 4 d. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Ross
                     



                  ; one plane, value 10 s. three saws, value 10 s. one oil-stone, value 2 s. two hammers, value 6 d. four chissels, value 6 d. one leaden glue-pot, value 2 s. one pair of compasses, value 1 d. a turn screw, value 1 d. and a winch, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Bourbear
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES
                   ROSS
               



             sworn.
I have the management of Mr. Bourbear's business; I am his servant
: we lost the tools in the indictment, on Tuesday, the 14th; I saw them there on the 13th; Henry Crawford had them in his possession before the Justice.


                  JOSEPH
                   VIVIAN
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter; I found the constable had them.


                  FRANCIS
                   DAY
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I saw them come along the road with the tools; and I stopped them between three and four o'clockin the morning; I do not know the day of the month; it was in Tottenham-court-road; it is the high road from Kentish-town; they both had tools; one the bag, and the other a basket; they said they were going to work; I took them to Mr. Croker's; they made no resistance; I delivered them to Croker the constable.


                  HENRY
                   CROKER
               



             sworn.
On the 14th of July, I cannot say what day of the week, I saw the two prisoners at the bar, and the watchman; he knocked at my door; I came down; they had a bag and a basket of tools; I asked them where they found them? they said they were their own; I asked them the marks upon the tools; Houghton could not tell any mark, nor Wilson could not describe any mark; the next morning, I went to Kentish-town, and found the owner; and they went before Sir Sampson Wright; and they swore to them; I let one of them have some of the tools, because he was a poor man, and could not go to work without them; but I marked them first; I found three small tools in the pocket of one, and one in the other.
(The tools deposed to by Ross and Bourbear.)
PRISONER WILSON's DEFENCE.
I am a young man disabled in the hand; and have been so four years; I had been working the other side Kentish-town; and this other prisoner was resting on the road with a bag and basket; and he asked me to give him a lift to London; and offered me some bread and cheese, and a drop of beer; I took them; and the watchman took us.
Court to watchman. Did the prisoner Wilson tell you he received them from the other man? - No; I am sure he did not.
Croker. I heard one of the prisoners, I think it was Wilson. say they would toss up, which of them should get off; I mentioned it particularly at Sir Sampson's.
Prisoner Wilson. The small articles dropped out of the basket, and I put them into my pocket.
PRISONER HOUGHTON's DEFENCE.
I am a seaman
; I work at plaisterer's labour
; I was coming along quite soon in the morning; and just on this side Kentish-town, there were two men in the fields; and I saw these things laying by the side of the hedge; I called to them several times; they did not answer; I asked this man to carry them for me.
Prisoner Wilson. My lord, Croker advised Houghton to have me along with him.
Croker. I did not; and I asked Houghton if he found them; he said no, they are my own.
Watchman. I heard them say they would toss up which should get clear.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
