





563. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     GRAVES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of July
 last, forty yards of Irish linen cloth, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wyatt
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN
                   WYATT
               



             sworn.
On the 3d of July I missed this piece of cloth, I am a glover
 by trade, and live in Prescot-street, Whitechapel


, I saw the prisoner come down stairs with the piece of linen, and go out of the street door, I thought it was a strange woman, I never saw her there before that day, and I asked my wife if anybody had been up stairs, and she said, no, I said, then there is a thief, so she went up to the two pair of stairs room, and found the drawers rifled, with all that was in them, and the things of the bed packed up in a pillow bier, and this piece of Irish cloth, that we had bought but three days before, was laid on a chair, it was missing, I did not stop her when I first saw her, I called 
               
                  Alice
                   Tiffin
               



            , who was my servant, to look after the woman, and I shewed her her about half up the street, and she catched her and brought back the linen, it is my property, (the linen deposed to) it cost me four pounds nine shillings and six pence.
Prisoner. When I came down stairs had I any thing at all about me or any thing in my apron? - I saw her blue apron turned up with a bundle.


                  ALICE
                   TIFFIN
               



             sworn.
I pursued the prisoner by the desire of my master, I caught her in Swallow's Gardens, I found the cloth on her in her lap, done up in a bundle, she run away and the cloth fell down, I picked it up, and the people came up and apprehended her.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never saw the cloth before I saw it at the Justice's, and the young girl swore to picking it up then.
Tiffin. I picked up the cloth myself.




               GUILTY. Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
