





855. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Richards
                        




                     
                  , between the hours of six and seven, the said David, and Mary, and 
                     
                        William
                         Sellbourn
                     



                  , then being in the said dwelling house, and feloniously stealing a man's hat, value 5 s. four silver tea-spoons, value 4 s. and a pair of horse pistols, value 10 s. his property
            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)
DAVID RICHARDS sworn.
I live in Wyche-street, the back of St. Clements


.
Who had you in the house with you? - 
               
                  William
                   Sellbourn
               



            , he is a lodger of mine; and 
               
                  Mary
                   Richards
               



            , she is my wife; I had some other lodgers; the house was broke open between six and seven, on Monday the 11th of September
, Mary Richards, myself, and 
               
                  William
                   Sellbourn
               



            , were in the house; I heard a noise, as I was laying in bed, in a room opposite me; I immediately jumped out of the room; and as soon as I came out of the room, there were two men opposite to me; I immediately pursued them, and took one; one of them got off.
How high was this? - In the one pair of stairs; I slept in the one pair stairs; I pursued, and took one of them, which is the prisoner; I have the key of the room, where I found the prisoner; the lock must have been picked; I locked it myself; it was open in the morning.
How got they into the house? - I cannot tell indeed; the things were in, in the evening, and in the morning they were gone; the hat was found on the stairs; the other things were never found; they jumped down stairs when I unlocked my door, and ran out; the street door was open when they came to the bottom of the stairs.
Perhaps some of the lodgers might have gone out before that time in the morning? - I always lock that room every night, and take the key into my room; I never saw the prisoner before.
Mr. Peatt, Prisoner's Counsel. Your's is a common lodging house? - Yes.
Your lodgers come in and go out at all hours? - Yes.
Are there more keys to your house than one? - No, they are working people; they generally go out early in the morning.
Did you ever try the other keys of your house? - No one opens it that I know of.
Are they men or women that lodge in your house? - Men and women both; I saw the prisoner in the room.
Do you know the person that was with him? - No.
Were they acquainted with any of your lodgers? - I do not know.
Is the prisoner acquainted with any of your lodgers? - I do not know.


                  MARY
                   RICHARDS
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  David
                   Richards
               



            ; I remember being alarmed with a noise, on Monday, the 11th of September, between six and seven; my husband got out of the bed, and the moment he opened the door, to my thoughts, he fell from the top of the stairs to the bottom; I immediately got out of bed, and he brought up the prisoner.
Who lives in the room? - We keep it ourselves; it was locked the night before, and the key I brought into our bed room.
Did you examine the windows, to see if any body had got through the window? - No, Sir, there was no marks of that; I missed two tea-spoons, the one marked, the other unmarked; two pistols, a hat of my husband's; I never knew the prisoner before.
Mr. Peatt. There were a good many people come backwards and forwards to your lodgers? - Yes; no key will open that door, of any other of the doors to my knowledge.


                  WILLIAM
                   SELLBOURN
               



             sworn.
I am a lodger in the two pair of stairs room; on Monday, the 11th of September, as I was sitting in my own room, between six and seven, I heard a great noise on the stairs.
Had you been out that morning? - No, I had not, nobody had been out to my knowledge; and I heard a voice, crying out murder, murder, robbers, robbers, help, help; accordingly I ran down stairs as fast as I could, and at the bottom of the stairs, I found Mr. Richards in his shirt, and the prisoner; I know nothing about the lodgers.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I leave it all to my counsel.
What are you? - I am a carpenter.
Prosecutor. He told me he lived in Moorfields.



               GUILTY
            .
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a very good character.
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
