





21. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, 5 s. 6 d.
             the monies of 
               
                  Hilton 
                  Ray
               




            .


                  TOBIAS
                   LIDDELL
               



             sworn.
On the 13th of November, at ten in the morning, I had occasion to go from the shop to the accompting-house, where I had not been half a minute, before I perceived the prisoner leaning across the compter, with his hand in the till; I jumped off the chair, and made to the door: the prisoner ran out of the front door, and I pursued him; he ran through different courts; and I pursued him till he was stopt: the shop is at No. 14, Birchin-lane


. I am positive he is the same man; he was only out of my sight by turning round the corners of the courts; he was taken and delivered to the constable, who took him to the Compter; there was 8 s. 6 d. missed out of the till; I had counted it a little before.


                  CHARLES
                   SILL
               



             sworn.
I took charge of the prisoner: I searched him, and found on him 5 s. 4 d. sterling.


                  WILLIAM
                   HOTEANE
               



             sworn.
I was passing Mr. Ray's shop at the time, and I saw the prisoner come out and run away: he was pursued; and going through Bell-Yard, he dropt a shilling, I believe from his left hand; a boy picked it up. I am sure he is the same man.



                  THOMAS
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
On the 13th of November, I heard the cry of stop-thief; and seeing him running, I collared him, and held him till Mr. Ray's man came up.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along, and hearing the cry of stop thief, I ran after those I saw running, and that there man (Wood) collared me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
