





414. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ROBINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April, seventeen pounds weight of beef, value 5 s. nine pounds weight of pork, value 4 s. one loaf, value 6 d. three china plates, value 1 s. and one earthen-ware butter-boat, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Court
               




            , widow
.


                  JOHN
                   GREENWOOD
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman in Marybone parish, I was standing at my box the corner of Castle street


; on the 30th of April, at half after three in the morning, I heard the alarm of thieves, I ran up to Mrs. Court's area, and I found the prisoner in the area standing by a blue bundle, he said he had done no harm, for the wind had blown his hat off; and as I looked down the area, I saw a rope fixed to the area; there were plates and a crow, my partner produces it.


                  HUGH
                   MACCOY
               



             sworn.
I produce an apron and the lock of the door of the safe; here is the rope, and here is a crow; they were found in the area where the prisoner was, the pork, bread, beef and butter, were in the apron tied up, a round of beef which weighed seventeen pounds, a leg of pork, a loaf of bread, and some broken bread, some china plates, and butter and cheese, all in the area.


                  HANNAH
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mrs. Court; I know this lock, and these plates are like what we have at home; my mistress lost two plates and another, I perfectly well know the butter-boat.
Prisoner. Did not the watchman force me into the area?
Greenwood. He was in the area when I came up.


                  JOHN
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I am serjeant of the watch, I took the prisoner in the area.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of it; I got over for my hat.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.




[Transportation. See summary.]


