






377. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     HANCHARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May
, fifteen yards of Scotch carpeting, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hayward
                        




                     
                  , privily in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   HAYWARD
               



             sworn.
I know 
               
                  John
                   Hayward
               



             the prosecutor, he resides at Walworth; he keeps a shop at Newington, a floor-cloth manufactory
; he deals also in Scotch carpeting; I am related to him; I superintend a floor-cloth manufactory for him in White-chapel road, near Mile-end turnpike


; he sells carpets there; the 2d of May, between twelve and two, I missed a piece of carpeting, the quantity and pattern exactly answering that found on the prisoner.
Was this lost from Whitechapel, or from Newington? - From Whitechapel.
What was the quantity? - Fifteen yards.
What was the value? - It was valued before the Justice at thirty shillings; it is worth more.
Did you see the prisoner in the shop? - I did not; I saw nothing of him there, nor I was not present when the carpetting was taken upon the prisoner.


                  RICHARD
                   BINGHAM
               



             sworn.
I know that piece of Scotch carpet to be my master's property; I was not present when it was found in the prisoner's possession; I saw it in the window about eleven o'clock in the noon, on the 2d of May, in the shop at Whitechapel; I know nothing of the prisoner taking it.


                  JOSEPH
                   NASH
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner with this piece of carpet upon him; the carpet is here; I apprehended the prisoner in Wentworth-street.
How far is that from the shop in Whitechapel? - A little better than a quarter of a mile. (The carpeting shewn to Thomas Hayward.) There is nothing particular to distinguish it by, but I believe it to be my uncle's property.
You cannot positively say it is the property of your relation? - My man has sworn that it is; I have no doubt that it is, but there are others of the pattern; it is possible that there might be another piece of the same quantity and pattern.
Court to Bingham. Now remember you are upon your oath, and that there are others of that nature and kind; can you take upon yourself to swear that is his property? - Yes.
Tell me upon what grounds? - One half was left at Laytonstow, and the other half was brought, and I know it by the pattern; that is all I know it by.
Mr. Hayward. It is a very scarce pattern.
To Bingham. Can you venture to swear that was Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Hayward
               



            's property? - Yes, I can very safely.
You found your evidence upon the pattern, and that is the only circumstance that induces you to swear to it? - Yes, and the quantity.
How could you know that it consisted only of fifteen yards? - It was thirty yards when I took it down to Chelsea, and when I returned he measured it, and it was fifteen yards.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I live in Church-street, Whitechapel, and a man asked me to carry it, he was to give me something; when I was carrying them to the place, and this was in the street, when I was taken it was in the dinner hour; leave it to the mercy of the Jury; I have the person here where I work; my master is on the Grand Jury at Hicks's Hall, and cannot come; the man was a stranger to me that employed me; the man that employs me is 
               
                  John
                   Daniel
               



            .
Mr. Shelton. The Grand Jury were discharged yesterday afternoon.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
