





1018. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     WAGER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of October
 two russel petticoats, value 24 s. one woman's cloak, value 12 s. a stuff petticoat, value 9 s. and ten ells of silk mode, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bennet
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .
The witnesses examined apart at the request of Mr. Knowles, Prisoner's Council.


                  WILLIAM
                   BENNETT
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 100, in Oxford-street, I am a silk mercer
; I was present when the prisoner acknowledged this matter.
What did you say to him; I told him upon conditions he would confess every thing he had wronged me of, I would forgive him.
Court. Then you must not tell us about any acknowledgement? - I only prove the property.


                  JOHN
                   SHEPHERD
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker, the prisoner came to me, I made him thoes when he lived at Mr. Whateley's, who is a silk mercer in St. Martin's-court; he called on me about a fortnight ago, and after giving some necessary orders for shoes, he had a bundle under his arm, tied in a handkerchief, which was this petticoat; he told me he had sold a petticoat to an acquaintance of his at Mr. Bennett's, for sixteen-shillings.
Court. How came that conversation? - He said, his master had sold it to a customer, who said it was damaged, and his mistress would not take the petticoat back from the customer, but stopped it out of his wages; and he said, he would lose two shillings by it, if he could get a customer for it, if not he would send it down in the country to his mother; then I called my wife down, and she said fourteen shillings was more than it was worth, but if I had a mind to have it I might, and I agreed for fourteen shillings; the prisoner came a few days after, and had a pair of shoes, and I ballanced accounts with him, and there were four shillings coming to me, allowing fourteen shillings for the petticoat.
Court. Are you very sure that is the petticoat? - Yes, I never had it out of my possession, I wrote my name upon it.
Jury. Was there any ticket upon it? - No.
Mr. Knowles. Then you understood from the prisoner, that there was a considerable bickering him and a part of his master's family? - I understand he disliked his mistress, for he told me, she was a devil to live with.


                  GEORGE
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to Mr. Bennet, I was in the shop when the prisoner confessed.
Mr. Knowles. Do not say any thing of that.
Court. Was your master present at the time? - Yes, my master told him if he would confess any thing he had taken, he would pardon him; I went to the taylor last Sunday se'nnight, and the taylor told me.
Mr. Knowles. Is the taylor here? - No.
Then do not say what he told you? - The taylor shewed me some sattin which he said he had made a pair of breeches of.
Court. Is the pattern of the sattin here? - No.
Court. Then we cannot hear what passed between you and the taylor? - I shewed the pattern to my master, and he thought it was his sattin.
Mr. Knowles. How did your mistress and this young man agree? - She always behaved very well.
Then you think her a very mild tempered woman? - She is as good a tempered woman as I would wished to live with.
A little loud in her conversation I suppose? - Yes, when there is occasion.


                  FRANCES
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I wash for the prisoner, he brought this petticoat and cloak to me on a Sunday morning, I cannot say what Sunday, it was about four weeks ago; he brought a green stuff petticoat, and he brought a bath woollen cloak, he desired me to let them stay till he called for them.
Did he ever call again for them? - I was sent for on Friday morning to the Justices.
Who was the Justice? - In Litchfield-street.
Was this the Friday after they were brought to you? - I had the cloak I believe a fortnight, I do not know exactly, they were brought to me at different times by the prisoner; at first when he came, he said, he was to send the cloak to his mother in Yorkshire.
Did he say any thing about the things? - No, he asked me on Sunday if I wanted a petticoat, he owed me some money for washing, I told him it would be of no service to me, as I was a hard working woman.
What passed before the Magistrate? - I told them there were the things I had.
Have you had these things ever since? - Yes, the prisoner said it was a particular acquaintance of his that bespoke the petticoat, and when it went home his acquaintance did not like it.


                  JOHANNA
               


             M'CARTY sworn.
I am a workwoman to the prosecutor, I produce this mode, and one russel petticoat; the prisoner brought the mode to me on Thursday or Friday se'night last, about nine at night; I do not live in the house, he asked me to be kind enough to put that mode by for him, till he called again, he said, he had bought it at a particular shop, I do not remember what shop he mentioned; he brought the russel petticoat to me on the Sunday following, which was last Sunday was se'nnight; he desired me to lay that by the mode.
Mr. Knowles. At this time he knew you worked for Mr. Bennet; I suppose you are frequently intrusted with Mr. Bennets's property? - Yes, a great deal.
Of course you observed his shop marks? I never observed any shop marks, I work for a great many shops.
Jury. Did he ever bring any parcels to you? - Never, he never was in my room before he brought the mode.
Court. What may be the value of this russel petticoat? - I cannot say.
What may be the value of the mode? - I do not know what it measures, nor nothing; I have had them ever since.
Court to Prosecutor. Look at these different things, begin with the russel petticoat.
Prosecutor. They are my property.
Court. Do you know them by any marks, describe the marks? - It is marked S. I. B.
Is that mark in your hand writing? - My apprentice's.
Court. Is the other marked? - No.
Is there any appearance of a mark being pulled off from the other? - I do not see any.
Court to Taylor. Look if that mark S. I. B. is your writing? - Yes.

Can you say that that is your master's petticoat? - I cannot positively swear to the petticoat, but I can swear it is my mark.
Mr. Knowles. How long ago is that? - I cannot justly tell.
It may be a year? - No, not above three months.
Have you ever lived in any other shop? - No.
Court. When you sell them, do you sell them with the marks on? - We always pull the marks off.
Do you know any thing of the other petticoat? - I cannot swear to it, there is no other mark than the mark of one of the witnesses names.
Is there any appearance of a mark being picked out? - I do not see any.
You say you always take out the marks before you sell them? - We generally do.
You can only speak to your own practice? - I have seen my master and mistress take it off.
But you cannot swear that they always do? - No, I cannot, but it is a common practice.
The prisoner has served customers with goods of this kind? - Yes.
You cannot take upon you to say, that he always took off the marks from those goods, that he delivered to those customers? - No, I have seen it frequently done.
Court to Prosecutor. The petticoat which has no mark upon it, can you ascertain that? - Yes, I believe it is my own property, we generally know our own manufactories.
Do you mean that you make the stuff, or that you made up the petticoat? - We generally know the work of our people.
Are all your petticoats quilted in the same diamond? - Yes, of the black sort.
Does not the same workwoman work for other shops? - I cannot tell.
Do you employ this workwoman all the year round? - I employ a great many all the year round.
Had you sold any petticoats of that sort? - Many.
Lately? - We are selling them every day.
Do you know any thing of the woollen cloak? - I will swear this is my cloak.
How do you know it? - It is my own cutting out.
I there any mark upon it? - There is none on it now, I have got the fellow piece of it at home.
Jury. But have not you sold many of your cutting out? - Yes, to be sure, a great many.
And how do you know that that is one stole, or one you have sold?
Court. Look at the stuff petticoat? - There is no mark upon this, but I believe it to be my property; because there is only one man that makes stuffs in this manner which I buy them of.
Why that man deals with other people besides you? - No doubt of it, a great many.
Then how can you venture to swear that that is your petticoat? - Because it is sold by one man, we generally know our own work, this is made by my people.
Look at the silk mode? - Here are ten ells and a half.
Did you measure it before you lost it? - No, it is done up in half ells.
Is there any mark on that? - No mark at all.
Is all the mode in your shop done up in that quantity? - No.
Then you cannot swear that to be your property? - Yes.
By what? - I have the fellow piece, and the folds and notches are all the same.
What do you mean by the notches? - The scissars.
What may be the value of that mode? - Fifty shillings.
Is that the very lowest? - Yes.
Have you examined the folding and the notches very accurately? - I did, before I swore to it.
Mr. Knowles. I suppose you look upon yourself as a pretty qualified witness, you can swear to things without marks as well as with; you undertake to swear to that russel petticoat, that the mark was picked out? - No, I supposed it had been picked out.

Then you chuse to suppose upon your oath where a man's life is in question, that will be in the observation of the Jury; do you call this russel petticoat extraordinary, such as are not commonly seen? - We generally know our own manufacturing.
Are they uncommon? - No.
How many exactly tallying with that pattern, have you now in shop? - Many.
Very many? - Yes.
And how many had you in before you suspected this man? - I cannot tell.
And yet you chuse to swear to that petticoat? - I believe it to be mine.
You observe that your conduct does not escape the notice of those that are much more more impartial than the advocates for the prisoner; Why will you undertake to swear that petticoat is your property? Do you undertake to swear that from any other motive than a desire to convict that man? - No, Sir, I do not wish to convict him.
Then your conduct is extremely extraordinary; however you tell me that petticoat is extremely like many that you have now, and had before? - Yes.
If any other petticoat of your shop, of a similar pattern to that were produced to you now, could you distinguish that from the other? - Not of the same pattern.
And you have many of that pattern still in the shop? - I do not know that I have just at present.
Why, you swore just this moment, that you believed you had? - No, Sir.
Now as to this cloak, there is no mark upon that? - It is my own cutting out.
Do not other people cut out cloaks of that size and length for sale? - There is a difference in cutting out, every one does not cut out cloaks alike.
Will you swear that more persons do not? - I do not know.
What can be your reason for knowing it independant of its being your own cutting out? - It is cut off the same piece of cloth I have at home.
Is not that very kind of cloth made up into such cloaks? - I do not know that it is.
Why do not you see of a rainy or cold morning, hundreds of women walking about in cloaks of that sort of cloth? - No, Sir.
Since that cloak has been taken, have you measured it with the other piece of which you say it is part? - I have not.
But yet you swear that comes from that very piece? - I am very sure of it.
Without measuring, and without a mark, you are sure? - Yes.
Jury. We are of opinion it is a common cloth for cloaks, that as he has cut out many cloaks, that may be his cutting out, and his cloth, and yet he cannot be sure.
Mr. Knowles. Now this silk mode you chuse to swear to, that without a mark? - Yes.
Does that differ from many hundred yards of silk mode which are manufactured every year in this city? - I cannot tell.
During the time this prisoner lived with you, what was the nature of your harmony together, were there not some bickering between him and part of your family? - Not the least in the world, I always behaved to him like a Gentleman.
The nature of your behaviour here, does not shew that, my friend? - That I must leave to you.
Prisoner. My master said, if I would tell him where the property was, he would freely forgive me, and not take me before a Justice.


                  JOHN
                   KAY
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner about five years.
During that time what has been his general character for honesty? - He was my servant for about eight months, during that time, I chiefly employed him in carrying out bills of Exchange for acceptance, and receiving those bills when due.
And those bills frequently of large value I suppose? - Sometimes sixty or seventy pounds, his conduct was very good indeed, I never had the least doubt of his honesty in any respect whatever.
He had frequent opportunities of defrauding you, if he had the inclination? - No doubt; I likewise frequently employed him in carrying money to my bankers, to the amount of four or five hundred pounds at a time.


                  RICHARD
                   HOWLETT
               



             sworn.
I have known him about twelve years, he always was very honest, I never expected seeing him here.


                  THOMAS
                   POTTS
               



             sworn.
I am a silk mercer, I have known the prisoner ever since he came to town; I knew him by coming to Mr. Kay's house, I always thought him to be perfectly honest, I recommended him to a gentleman who is out of town, and with whom he lived twelve months, and who gave him a good character to Mr. Bennet.
Court to Prosecutor. What was the price of the mode, the buying or selling price; of what value is the whole of the mode, what did you give for it? - Thirty-nine shillings.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
