





600. 
               
                  
                     HUGH 
                     GAHAGAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th day of June
 last, one gold breast pin, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Malone
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   MALONE
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor
; I live in Great-Bell-alley, Coleman-street; the prisoner took from me a gold breast buckle, called a pin; on the 12th of June, I called on a father-in-law of mine, in Little Suffolk-street in the Hay-market, and when I had done my business there, I called at a public house adjoining to this house, and this buckle I had in my shirt; and between my father-in-law and me some aggravation took place, and the tongue of the buckle broke, and it dropped on the floor in my father-in-law's house; his name is 
               
                  Parker
                   John
               



            ; a gentleman who is an intimate of his in the bottom part of his house picked up the pin and returned it to me, and for so doing I invited the same gentleman to go into the next door to the public house, and I should treat him with part of a pot of beer which he did, we went to the public house, and we talked concerning the falling out between my father-in-law and me; and the prisoner was sitting in the box where we were; I never saw the prisoner before to my knowledge; the prisoner heard me relate the cause of our falling out, and seeing the buckle in my hand with the tongue of it broken out, and by the conversation that passed between the other man and me, he understood that I came from some part of Ireland, and he asked me what part, I told him; then he asked me if I knew any body there, I said, yes; and he told me he came from that same part of the country, then we joined conversation, and I asked him to drink with me, being a countryman; we had two pots of beer and I paid for them, and the gentleman who returned me the pin, and an acquaintance of his we walked together through Great Suffolk-street, and the prisoner and two others followed us; then the prisoner said, one of the two men wanted to pick my pocket, and he stooped down and picked up a bit of paper which he presented to me.
Was you drunk or sober? - Not at all drunk; I answered the prisoner, I had no papers of consequence in my pocket, only such as the world may say, might see were kept for necessary uses, and I thought it was impossible to pick my pocket to rob me because my pockets were inside; I did not know but the prisoner's intentions were well towards me, and I thought the other men being strangers might want to pick my pocket; the prisoner and me went on, he asked me where I was going, I said, to the city, he said, he was going to Whitecross-street, says I, let us go to the Coach and Horses which is a genteel house, and I will treat you with part of a pot of beer, and we shall be company for one another; we accordingly went there, and called for a pot of beer, the waiter brought it, I drank to him, and likewise he drank to me, and the prisoner says, upon my word, Sir, it is a pity that buckle of yours should be lost, it is very pretty, let me look at it; so to satisfy his curiosity I gave it into his hand to look at, and he put it into his pocket; Sir, says I, I shall be obliged to you; for the buckle again; the answer he made me was, you d - nd rascal, you gave me no buckle; why, says I, my friend you are a stranger to me.
Was not you the worse for liquor? - I did drink, but I was not drunk.
But you was somewhat affected with drinking? - I cannot say, but a man that does drink may be a little affected with drinking; I cannot say that I was drunk, I was sensible of what I was about; the prisoner took an opportunity of concealing it while I had the pot in my hand, I told the prisoner not to make a noise in the house, and to return it again without any more to do; then he says to me, the devil's cure to you, why did you give it me? that was his repetition; when I found the prisoner's intention I called the waiter, and desired him to call a watchman, for the prisoner wanted either to rob or swindle me out of a gold breast buckle; the waiter called the watchman, and we took the prisoner as far as St. Martin's watch-house; when he was brought there, he entirely denied having it, the constable of the night stopped him he could not find it on him; my being in the tayloring line, I says to the constable if there is a private place in any of his garments, I think I can find it, for I think it is impossible for him to convey it away; his coat lay on the form, and I asked the constable of the night's permission if I might take the liberty of searching, the constable he gave me leave so to do, I took it and felt his coat, and it was a faced coat, and in his breast there was a bit of a private pocket, and I may say, I just put two or three of my singers in, and there lay the breast buckle; I says to the constable, if you will but take this out, I fancy it must be it; the constable of the night took it out, and he has it to produce.


                  THOMAS
                   NICHOLLS
               



             sworn.
I was constable of the night; I took charge of the prisoner, he was very unruly coming along, he cursed and swore very hard; I thought he would have struck me; the prosecutor charged him with robbing him of a breast pin; I searched him and found this pin in a private pocket.
(The pin deposed to by the prosecutor.)
It was done for a deceased wife of mine.
Prisoner. I suppose Malone put it into my private pocket.
Jury to constable. Was it a private pocket, or a rent in the coat? - It was a private pocket.




               GUILTY, 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
