





41. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PEARCE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of December
, fifty pounds weight of lead, value 8 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Mills
                        




                     
                  , widow
, then fixed to a dwelling house of the said 
                     
                        Mary
                         Mills
                     



, against the statute.


                  MARY
                   MILLS
               



             sworn.
I live in Baldwin's place


: on the 7th of December, I heard a noise at the top of the house, between five and six in the evening, as if they were breaking the middle gutter of the house: I got assistance from Mr. Fletcher; he took the lad, and the lead; I did not see them at all.
- FLETCHER sworn.
I was called by Mrs. Mills; I went into an empty house next to hers, and I met the prisoner on the stair-caise of that house; I took up my blunderbuss, which I keep for a guard, and I secured him immediately, and took him and the lead to Mr. Blackborough's; I left it with him till next morning; and I was with the plumber, and it was measured, and part fitted the gutter of the prosecutrix's house, and the other part, the gutter belonging to the next indictment: the lead I took from the plumber, was the same I left with Justice Blackborough; and I believe it was the same lead I found there in the morning; nobody was there but his worship.


                  JOSEPH
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
I fitted this lead; I matched every piece; then I went to the Justice; I untied it; I fitted all the different pieces together; it all agreed with the top of the house, nail holes and all; I measured the top of the house; I laid down the lead ten years ago; I am not sure it was the lead, but it fitted exactly, and I have no doubt.
Prisoner. I was going to ease myself in the entry; there was no door; it was level to the street.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
