






255. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILLOUGHBY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Sir 
                     
                        
                           Ralph 
                           Milbank
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the night, on the 9th day of February
 last, and burglariously stealing therein a cloth box coat, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Chambers
                        



                     
                  , Esq
. three cloth coats, value 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        Edward
                         Brice
                     



                  ; a cloth coat, value 8 s. and a pair of sheets, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Damarain
                        



.
(The witnesses examined apart, at the desire of Mr. Peatt, Prisoner's Counsel.)


                  JAMES
                   DAMARAIN
               



             sworn.
I am servant
 to Mr. Chambers; Sir Ralph Milbank's son married Mr. Chambers's sister; Sir 
               
                  Ralph
                   Milbank
               



            's house is in Harley-street, Mary-le-bone, and he had leave to put his things there; the coach-house was broke open on Sunday, between half after five and half after ten; I left the stables at half past five; it was a spring lock; I have the key in my pocket; it was quite light when I left the stables; the stable door was opened either by a key, or a pick-lock key; the box coat was taken out of the coach-house, and all the rest of the things out of the stables; the box coat and sheets belonged to Mr. Chambers; the sheets were taken off the bed; I am sure all the things were in the stables at the time I left them.


                  EDWARD
                   BRICE
               



             sworn.
I was not present in the stables at the time; I only know one coat to be mine; I lost three cloth coats in the whole, but there is only one produced; I also lost a pair of leather boots.


                  RICHARD
                   POPPLE
               



             sworn.
I keep hackney coaches; I know nothing of the robbery; I only prove that I bought the clothes of the prisoner (produces them); I cannot say the day, it is now five weeks ago; I have had them in my custody ever since.
Damarain. This is my own coat; this was in the stable at the time of the robbery.
What is the value of it? - Eight shillings; the box coat belongs to Captain 
               
                  Chambers
               


            ; I am his servant; it was in my possession; it was taken off the box; I marked it before it was lost; I know it again.
What is the value of that? - Twenty shillings.
Brice. Here is one coat which is my property, value half-a-guinea.
Damarain. I saw this coat on the bed when I went away.
Mr. Peatt to Damarain. You are a servant to Captain Chambers? - Yes.
Sir Ralph Milbank keeps the house? - Yes.
Do they live together in the same house? - No; Captain 
               
                  Chambers
               


             lives at No. 31, in Norton-street; he had leave to put his horses in the stable.
How many doors are there to those stables? - There are three doors in the whole, one out of the laundry into the stables, and one into the coach-house, and another out of the stables into the street.
You was gone about five hours? - Yes, there was a coat of that appearance lay on the bed, that is all I know; a pair of sheets were lost, and my sheets were off the bed.


                  JAMES
                   POPPLE
               



             sworn.
I know nothing of the robbery; this man brought the clothes into the yard where my brother has stables, and I was present when he offered them to sale.
What did your brother give for the clothes? - Thirty-seven shillings for these three that I produce; this is all that ever I saw.
Mr. Peatt. Would they sell for as much as that to an old clothes-man? - No, I do not think they would.
What do you think they are worth, conscientiously, as old clothes? - I think an old clothes-man would not give more than a guinea and a half for them to sell again.



                  GEORGE
                   ZEAL
               



             sworn.
This day three weeks, which was the 18th of March, 
               
                  James
                   Donner
               



             and another came to our office in Poland-street, and said they knew who the man was that did the robbery; with that, I and 
               
                  William
                   Blacketer
               



             went to the stables and apprehended the prisoner; he said, he had sold the clothes, and he would go with us to the place.
Did you say any thing to him before? - No.
Did Blacketer say any thing to him? - I did not hear whether he did or not; we took him to the office, and he went with us to the Red Lion; there we saw one of the coats that was at Popple's.
Mr. Peatt. What conversation passed previous to his saying that he would shew you where the coats were? - That was between Blacketer and him, and I was not present, I went and asked him, whether he had told Blacketer, where he had sold the coats; that was all he said to me, and that was all I said to him; I am sure that was the expression I used to him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, I did not break into the stables, the things were given me to carry down to sell.
Mr. Peatt. Where is Blacketer? - I have not seen him to-day.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character; the prisoner's father, brother, and sister, also attended to give him a character, but the Counsel declined calling them.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
