





171. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     WEST
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Hannah 
                           Day
                        



                     
                   on the King's highway, on the 18th day of November
 last, and putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and feloniously taking from her person, and against her will, one linen napkin, value 1 s. and three pounds of mutton, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Deschamps
                  



               
            .


                  HANNAH
                   DAY
               



             sworn.
I am a single woman
, I live servant
 of all work with one Mr. Deschamps, No. 15, in David-street, he is a French teacher
, I have lived there almost a twelvemonth.
Did any thing happen to you on the 18th of December? - I was coming through Major Forbes's passage, Carnaby market


, candles were lighted, and all the shops were open, there is a large linen-draper's; the prisoner came and looked in my face twice, but he never spoke to me, he did not meet me, but he pushed me, he came from behind me, I was going home from towards David-street, I never saw him before that time; he was dressed in a kind of a drab-coloured coat, he had some splashes upon his face, there was something black, more large than the other, but whether it was a mole or not I cannot say; he had a round hat on, it was not much drawn over his face, it was one of them that turn up, he only pushed me and snatched the bundle, and run away, he pushed me from him, and I saved myself from falling, the bundle was under my arm, I found it go, and I said the man has got my bundle; a gentleman followed him and took him, he was out of my sight a little while, he turned on the right hand of King-street.
You saw him after he was in King-street? - Yes.
Are you sure from the view you had of him in the passage, that the man you saw was the same man? - The man that robbed me of the bundle was a little man, I am sure it was the prisoner, the bundle was brought to me in King-street, it was my bundle.


                  WILLIAM
                   PICKERING
               



             sworn.
Between five and six I heard the cry of stop thief, I took the prisoner, and the prosecutrix came up and said he was the man that robbed her; the prisoner said it was the man that was with him, and not himself, which other man followed us to the magistrate, and I took him into custody, and then the prisoner denied knowing the man.
Prisoner. I never saw the woman before in my life.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
