







82. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROBERTS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TOOTE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of December
, twenty-eight pounds weight of rope called cable rope, value 4 s. 6 d.
             the property of the 
               
Master and Brothers of the Trinity house




            .
(The case opened by Mr. Silvester.)


                  JEREMIAH
                   GRISCALL
               



             sworn.
I belong to this lighter, No. 12; one of my mates made her fast; I saw her this day fortnight, about five in the afternoon, moored to her anchor with a cable; the next day I found she was gone from her moorings; there was about four or five fathom of her cable gone; fresh cut; this is a part of the same cable.


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a waterman; I had the watch this day fortnight; I laid upon my sculls, in the course of three minutes I perceived somebody row; I was afraid to board them; I went and fetched my fellow servant, and went into the boat, before she got on shore; and I pulled the rope from under Toote's feet; the other prisoner was there; I told them I should take them; they threw the rope over into the mud, and made their escape in the boat; I knew him very well; they are the men; the next day I found the boat at Stone-stairs without any body in her; and there was a knife in the boat which the prisoner Roberts confessed was the knife that the prisoner Toote cut it with.


                  JACOB
                   THORPE
               



             sworn.
I saw these two men at Stone-stairs in this boat.


                  JOHN
                   FRYER
               



             sworn.
(Deposes to the rope.)
There is a particular mark in every inch of it; it was made under my inspection; it is worth eight or ten shillings.
PRISONERS DEFENCE.
We found the rope in the mud.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each to be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
