





608. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     BENNERE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Mary, the wife
 of 
                              
                                 
                                    William 
                                    Lewis
                                 







                  , on the 22d day of April
 last, in a certain field and open place near the King's highway, and then and there in a forcible and violent manner, unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously demanding the money of the said William, from the said Mary, with a felonious intent the money of the said William, from the person of the said Mary, then and there feloniously to steal
            .


                  MARY
                   LEWIS
               



             sworn.
On the 22d of April, at twelve in the day, I was in a lane called Bow-fair Field, behind the boarding-school, and the prisoner passed me, I went after him, and when he came to the middle of the lane, he stopped and said, give me your money; I said I had none; he had a knife which he took out of his pocket, an oldish knife, he said if I did not give it to him, he would cut my throat; I stepped back, and I trod on my gown till I fell down; I said if you do not go away, my man is on the other side of the gardens, and I cried out, John, and murder! and he ran away, and they came out and followed him.
Court. He did not take any thing from you? - No, he did not offer to take any, whether he wanted me to give it him or no, I cannot say.


                  JAMES
                   DORREN
               



             sworn.
I heard the prosecutrix cry murder! and I ran to her assistance and took him; I did not see him till I came into the main road, she had described him to me, and I asked 
               
                  William
                   Ray
               



             whether such a person was gone by, and he said yes; when I took him he said he did not touch her at all, or offer to meddle with her, only that she cried murder, and he ran away; when I brought him to my master's garden he admitted he was the person.


                  WILLIAM
                   RAY
               



             sworn.
I was coming from Mile-end, and I saw the prisoner come over Bow-fair Field, and a few minutes after, 
               
                  James
                   Dorren
               



             came and asked me, and I directed him.
Court to Prosecutrix. Are you quite sure this is the same man? - Yes.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never saw the woman before with my eyes.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
