





697. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MACKEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th day of August
 last, one sattin waistcoat, value 3 s. one corded dimity waistcoat, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Worrall
                        




                     
                  , privily in his warehouse
            .


                  TIMOTHY
                   LACEY
               



             sworn.
I am a salesman, I live with 
               
                  Richard
                   Worrall
               



            , he sells clothes
; he lost the two waistcoats mentioned in the indictment, they were taken from a warehouse up one pair of stairs, I found them immediately, the man never was out of my sight.
Did you see him take them? - No.
Is the prisoner the man? - Yes.
Where did you see the prisoner? - In the warehouse, he and another man came in with a pretence or intent to buy, we were about bargaining for a coat for the other, I had a suspicion that he had a bundle, and I put my hand to his jacket and turned it a little aside, and I saw the border of a dimity waistcoat in his pocket, I said young fellow, step in, I want to speak to you, and he run, and I run after him, and he threw one waistcoat into the passage, in Middle-row, and I picked it up, he threw a black sattin waistcoat down in Broad St. Giles's, I saw it fall, I took him immediately, I never lost sight of him.


                  JOHN
                   CARTER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Phillips; on Monday the 4th of August, I was standing at my master's door, and the prosecutor came running down the Row, and held this white waistcoat in his hand, and called out stop him! I ran up St. Giles's, and called stop thief! and the prisoner dropped this black sattin waistcoat from under his coat, he was taken and secured.
(The waistcoat deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went with another young man to buy a waistcoat, the other man went down stairs, and he came out to me, says he, take these two waistcoats and put them in your pocket, I had no suspicion of the man.
Court to Lacey. Was this prisoner in the warehouse? - Yes.
What is the value of these waistcoats? - They are valued at eight shillings.




               GUILTY, 4 s. 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
