





416. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BALE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th day of March
 last, one muslin handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Frere
                  




               
            .
JOHN FRERE sworn.
On Thursday, the 15th of March last, on passing the Old Bailey


 to Snow-hill, I lost a twitch at my pocket; I turned round and said, you rascal you have picked my pocket; the person I addressed myself to, took to his heels and ran; the person was dressed the same as the prisoner is now; I cried out stop thief, somebody cried out, Sir, and held the handkerchief, which was given to me by some person who picked it up in the street; I know nothing of the thief.


                  ROBERT
                   TOWERS
               



             sworn.
I keep the Star at the top of the Old Bailey, I was standing at my door, and heard a person cry out, stop thief; I saw the prisoner throw the handkerchief down in the street, I made a catch at him but missed him; he was in a brown great coat, he ran down Green-arbour-court, towards Fleet-market; he was stopped at the top of the steps called Break-neck-steps; there was a man coming up the steps with a chest of drawers, that stopped the prisoner from going down, which enabled me come up to him.


                  THOMAS
                   PARDOW
               



             sworn.
I live in Green-arbour-court, I am a watchmaker, I was standing to see thehouse pulled down; I heard the prosecutor say he had had his pocket picked, and I saw the prisoner throw the handkerchief down, I picked it up, and gave it to the prosecutor; that is all that I know.
(Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming by the corner, and saw the handkerchief lay on the ground, and was running to see what was the matter, and the people took hold of me; I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
