





229. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EVANS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 5th of January
, two woollen blankets, value 22 d. seven yards of linen cloth, value 8 s. one pair of child's stays, value 12 d. one child's shift, value 1 d. one cloth great coat, value 12 d. and one linen coverlid, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Selby
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   SELBY
               



             sworn.
On the 5th of this month, I went out and locked my door, and fastened my window; I left the key where my child was three doors off, I left nobody at home, I returned in half an hour, and my place was stripped of the things mentioned in the indictment, the prisoner was taken up before I returned.


                  WILLIAM
                   MEAD
               



             sworn.
About five minutes before six in the evening, me and my fellow servant went by, as I came back one of the shutters was open, and I looked in, and this man was hiding under the window, and the blankets and things by him, I saw him when he was stooped down, I went and secured him, and another man came to assist me; he had two blankets, a coverlid, and an old great coat under his nose, I found nothing about him.
Prisoner. I had nothing about me.


                  JOHN
                   WILKINSON
               



             sworn.
I was sent for to take the man in custody, I can tell you no more, he was inside the house when I came, standing by the things; there was an old coverlid, a pair of blankets, and one old great coat; nothing else was found at all.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going along, and I thought one Mrs. Clark lived there, she did live there about a twelvemonth ago, and she used to leave the window for me to go in, if she was not at home, so I went in, and I was coming out again and the man stopped me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
