






536. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     GOODALL
                  



               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of May

 last, six yards of white sattin, value 48 s. and six yards of embroidered white sattin, value 6 l. the goods and chattles of 
                     
                        
                           Frances 
                           Fortescue
                        



widow
, in her dwelling house
            .
And 
               
                  PRISCILLA, wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        GOODALL
                     







             was again indicted for 


               that she on the said 7th of May, the said goods and chattles so feloniously stolen, taken and carried away, did receive and have, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  FRANCES
                   FORTESCUE
               



             sworn.
My house was robbed on the 8th of August, and I found some of that very silk had been pawned before by the prisoner 
               
                  Priscilla
                   Goodall
               



            , by the name of 
               
                  Catherine
                   Jones
               



            .
- BROOKS sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, the prisoner pawned six yards of white sattin the name of Jones, she said she from a lady near Soho square. shewn to Mrs. Fortescue, and her.)
PETER PATMO sworn.
I know the prisoner Pri 26th of April she pledged some white sattin, I do not know how much, (The sattin produced, and deposed to by Mrs. Fortescue.) She said it was for a lady near Soho square.


                  Elizabeth
                   Treen
               



            . She told me she took the white and spangled sattin to her mother; she said her mother had pawned it, and she brought a bonnet back, there was six of white, six of spangled, and four of green, she told me it was pawned for a guinea, I never had any part of the money, her mother told her when she came to her that she would be hanged, if she did not take it out of pawn.
Prisoner Priscilla. I never saw or knew any thing of the robbery. I have two people here that was with me all the day the robbery was committed.
CH. GOODALL 

               GUILTY
            , (


               Death
            ).


                  PRISCILLA
                   GOODALL
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            , To be 


               transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ASHHURST.
