





533. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH ANN 
                     WADE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
 last, a silk damask gown and coat, value 2 l. and two latin gowns and coats, value 4 l. six pair of silk stockings, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               - Spankster
               



            .
- SPANKSTER sworn.
This woman had been two or three times at my house; she spoke to me wishing to have these articles for different people; sometime before the 26th of March, she asked me if I had any dark silk or sattin; I told her yes; she told me she should come such a day, and desired I would send somebody with her to shew the ladies; she asked me if I had any very good silk stockings with game; and asked me to look out half a dozan pair of them; she made choice of a silk damask gown and coat, and a satin gown and coat, and then of another satin gown and coat; on the 26th of April the prisoner came again, and I sent the things in the indictment by my daughter with the prisoner; my daughter is here; I asked her what name, and she said Perry.


                  SELINA
                   MARY SPANKSTER
               



             sworn.
My mother gave me a bundle, in which there was a silk gown and coat, a satingown and coat, and another gown and coat; she said she would shew them to the mantua-maker, and she took me to St. James's-market;


 then she went up stairs, and when we got about half way in the room, she took the bundle to the table by the window and opened it, and asked the mantua-maker if the satin polanese and petticoat would make a full gown; the mantua-maker said it would; after that she tied up the bundle, and said she would go into St. James street; and I told her I would go with her; and she said no, she would rather not, she should go quicker than me; I asked her again; and when I had asked her three times, she told me the ladies did not like it; and she went down stairs; I did not see her again.
Did you attempt to hold her? - No; I did not know that she was going to take these things away; I never saw the things again, my father found the prisoner, I knew her again the moment I saw her; I had not the least doubt.


                  ANN
                   MILBOURNE
               



             sworn.
I am a mantua-maker; the prisoner came to my apartments the 24th of March, she asked me if I was a mantua-maker; and on the 6th she came again with this young girl, and brought a silk gown and coat; and two satin gowns and coats; it was about five o'clock, she took them away again.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, I went to Mr. Spratt's, shoemaker, No. 9, if my memory assists me right, where I lived very retired; I went there in the name of Smith, coming to a long law-suit I had; I lodged at Mr. Anderson's; I went to be retired intirely till I had sold my estate, which is in America, General Wade is my brother; I told them I was a person come from the country; and had ten pounds a year, and would do some needle work; one night at Mr. Spratt's I was met by an elderly gentleman, I had a few sprats in my hand, I was very ill at that time with St. Anthony's fire in my face, that no person who saw me then could know me again; the gentleman came and spoke to me, and said, my dear, will you have a glass of wine? I knocked at the door, I never was at Mr. Spratt's from Easter Saturday till the day I was taken with this gentleman; I sat down on Monday morning and made a little frock, I thought I would go to Mr. Spratt's, and tell him the alteration of my name; I every day attended Mr. Plowden, who was going to sell my estate, and I thought I; might be met with at Mr. Spratt's; I know nothing or the gowns, I was going to Mr. Spratt's, I was never there before; I left this gentleman in the street; he says to me; will you go and drink a glass of wine? I do not drink any wine, Sir, says I; I have no business with you; he followed me; when we got to Long-lane, he took hold of my hand; I have been ill since I have been in Newgate, I have sent to my friends; Sir 
               
                  Sampson
                   Wright
               



             knows me; Mr. Spratt can clear me, I was ill in his house.
The witnesses called but did not appear.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
