





177. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of November
 last, one hundred and forty four cakes of blacking for shoes, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dicey
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Beynon
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wild
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   WILD
               



             sworn.
On the 18th of November we had a parcel of shoe cakes from Bayley's, Cockspur-street; I saw them about five on the counter; I saw no more of them till I saw them at Mr. Wilmot's, on the Monday after the prisoner was taken; I had no doubt by the direction but they were ours.


                  JAMES
                   SHAKESHAFT
               



             sworn.
On Saturday the 18th of November, I was walking through Gravel-lane, between seven and eight at night, I saw the prisoner in Petticoat-lane with a parcel under his arm; I passed him; there was a Jew near him; I said to another officer, that is 
               
                  Nicasa
                   Key
               



            , as they call him; I followed them; I seized the prisoner, and as I took him by the collar, he dropped the parcel; this is the same; he said he found it standing against a door; I took him to the Magistrate's, and sent to the prosecutors by the direction; it has been in my possession ever since.
Prosecutor. It is the same.
Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
