





240. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TOPING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th day of February
, one silver table-spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dixon
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  MARY
                   GROVES
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Dixon; the spoon was lost yesterday was a week, the 15th; the prisoner is a chimney-sweeper
; at seven o'clock he was in the kitchen; the boy went in the kitchen before me, and when I came in, I missed two table-spoons, which I left there the over-night; I am first up in the morning, and last a-bed; I missed the spoons, but thought he had not time to take them, when I missed them, I asked him if he had swept any other chimnies in the court, he said yes.
What court was it? - Church-row


, No. 3; I went to Mrs. Solomons, to ask if they knew the man's name that swept their chimney, and desired them to send for him to sweep another, by which means the man was taken.
You are quite sure this is the man? - I am quite sure of it.


                  JOHN
                   PARRY
               



             sworn.
I had an order from my master to fetch the spoon out of pawn from Mr. Davidson's at London Wall; I found one spoon, with my master's crest upon it, the other was sold in Bishopsgate-street.


                  BARTHOLOMEW
                   SOLOMONS
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner, and put him in the watch-house.


                  MARY
                   SOLOMONS
               



             sworn.
Mr. Dixon's servant came to my house, and said she had lost two spoons; I shewed the servant the prisoner, and she said that was the man.
Mr. DAVIDSON's SERVANT sworn.
I took the spoon in of the prisoner, I know the prisoner; he brought the spoon on the Friday, and it was taken from us by Mr. Dixon's coachman, Parry.
Court to Parry. What day did you get the spoon from Davidson's? - On Friday, and delivered it to Mrs. Solomons at Guildhall Mr. Dixon gave his servant a pattern spoon to shew the Alderman, who gave them to 
               
                  Harrison
               


             the officer.
- HARRISON sworn.
(The spoon produced.)
How can you tell which is the spoon; was the spoon that was stolen marked?
Mr. Dixon. The spoon I sent by my servant has a dent in the bowl, which he has, and the spoon stolen, which was given to the officer, had no dent in it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had swept several chimnies that morning; as soon as we have done work, we sift the foot, among which I found this spoon, and not knowing whose it was, I pawned it in my own name; I never was before an Alderman in my life.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
