





212. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TESTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of December
, a quart silver tankard, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Turnall
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   TURNALL
               



             sworn.
I live at Wellingborough, in Northamptonshire


, I keep a public house
; the prisoner called for a pot of beer, and paid for it; I went to tap a barrel, and in three minutes time the tankard was missing, which stood there before, and the prisoner was gone away; he came after that for some beer, I said nothing about the tankard, I thought somebody had played the rogue with it, and taken it away; I suspected two strangers, I followed them to Kettering, and they said we will go with you and trace it out; I then sent for the prisoner, when these men were present, I said to him, William, do you know any thing of my tankard? the prisoner is a nigh neighbour to me, within three hundred yards. I received this letter from one Bascomb, informing me of the tankard; I found my tankard at Hicks's-hall.


                  CHARLES
                   BASCOMB
               



             sworn.
I live in Blossoms-inn, Lawrence-lane, I am a Coachman, and drive the Manchester coach, I came out of Northampton, about five in the morning, and when I came four miles on this side Newport, I picked up the prisoner, and brought him as far as Highgate, when I came there it began to be dusk, and I asked him to pay me his fare, before he got into London, he said he should not pay me till he came to London, I asked him the reason, and he made many words, he said he should not pay me, for he had no money, I told him he must be a bad kind of a man, not to have money, and we had a few words, and I put him withinside the coach, as it was very cold, to ride a little way, having but few passengers, and he had a great bulk in his pocket, and I did not know but he might have some of my parcels about him; the only satisfaction I could get of him, was that he had friends in London, and he would pay me before he slept, I said if he did not I should be satisfied, with putting him in the Poultry Compter, as his fare came to seven shillings, then I insisted on searching him, to see if he had any of my parcels, and in searching him, I found this tankard with the lid screwed off in the situation it is now, and there being many people in the house, (which was the Red Lion at Highgate) they advised me to charge him with a constable; we have had four stolen from Northampton, and it was advertised, I did not know but it was one of them, the next morning at Hickes's Hall, the prisoner said it was his father's, and his grandfather's, and they were both dead, and now it was his.
(The Tankard deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was at work and I found this tankard in an old handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
