





814. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     USOP
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Enoch 
                           Goodhand
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of two in the night, on the 17th day of August
 last, no person being in the same, and feloniously stealing therein one cloth coat, value 5 s. one linen shirt, value 2 s. and twelve yards of printed cotton, value 21 s.
             the property of the said Enoch.


                  ENOCH
                   GOODHAND
               



             sworn.
I am a weaver
 in Shoreditch, my house was broke open the 17th of August; I locked the doors and went out about nine in the morning; I left nobody in the house; a woman that lives in the house was out; I latched the door of my own apartment, and I latched the street door. I came home about two in the afternoon; the first thing I found was, the door was broke open, and a coat and twelve yards and a half of cotton, and a shirt, were gone from my drawers in my room up one pair of stairs, where I live; I saw my property before the Justice on the 20th.


                  ANN
                   GOODHAND
               



             sworn.
I keep a green-shop, my husband brought me the key about nine, and about ten the prisoner came to me, and asked me if my husband was at home, I told him no; then he came a second time and said, has not your husband been at home, I told him no; I saw no more of him till I saw him at the Justice's.


                  RICHARD
                   WOOBERRY
               



             sworn.
I live No. 205, Holywell-street, Shoreditch; about the 17th or 18th of August, about five in the afternoon, the prisoner brought a coat to me to sell; the coat is here, I bought it.
(The coat deposed to by Mrs. Goodhand.)


                  THOMAS
                   TOWNSEND
               



             sworn.
I live in Cock-lane, Shoreditch, I am a pawnbroker; this cotton was pledged for half a guinea in the name of 
               
                  Frederick
                   Usop
               



            ; to the best of my recollection it was the prisoner, but his appearance is so different, I cannot be certain.
Did you know him before the Justice? - The party came a second time, and brought a person with him to buy it; upon that the cotton was immediately produced for the party to look at, and to the best of my recollection the prisoner is the man.


                  SAMUEL
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
On the 20th of August I was at Mr. Wilmot's office, and an officer belonging Spitalfields parish brought the prisoner in, and said he took him up as disorderly, about one or two in the morning of the 20th; he was examined before the Justice, and was committed as disorderly: after which he saw me, I have known him these twenty years or more; he said to me, says he, Mr. Harper, I want to speak to you, I asked him what; says he, I was the person that robbed your neighbour: I never asked him a word, nor mentioned a word: I said of what; he said of a piece for a gown, and a shirt, and a coat; I asked him then where he had pawned them, and he told me, and I went and told the prosecutor's wife, and she went with me and found the things.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
On the 20th of this month I was at the apprehending of the prisoner, and I went to the lodgings of one Mrs. Cawdell, and in the presence of the prisoner I received from her a duplicate of this piece of cotton.
Mrs. CAWDELL sworn.
I went with the prisoner to Mr. Townshend's to buy a piece of cotton, I looked at it, I did not buy it: I had this duplicate of the prisoner, I have not altered it; I bought the shirt on the 18th, which was pawned for half a crown, and I pledged it afterwards with Mr. Townshend, I wanted the money.
(The shirt deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am very sorry I ever did the like, if ever I was out of this trouble, I never would wrong any body any more while I live; I have nobody to speak for me, I have not a friend in the world; I am a weaver, I worked for one Mr. Thompson in Worship-street.
Court. How old are you? - Forty-three.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, this is an act made long since for the protection of labouring people especially, who are necessitated to leave their dwellings in the day time, and it makes it capital for any person to break into a dwelling house in the day time, no person being therein, and to steal therein to the value of five shillings; but as this act of Parliament was made a century ago, that which a century ago was of the value of five shillings, should rather be considered in a case like this, and in favour of life, than what we value at five shillings now: and if you are of that opinion, you may find this prisoner guilty of stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d. which will acquit him of the capital part of the indictment.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
