






16. 
               
                  
                     MOSES 
                     HARRIS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JACOB 
                     SOLOMON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, one cotton counterpane, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Gibbons
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   GIBBONS
               



             sworn.
I lost the counterpane the 18th of September; I only prove the property.


                  WILLIAM
                   STRATTON
               



             sworn.
On the 18th of September, about a quarter after eleven, 
               
                  Thomas
                   North
               



            , Mr. Pritchard's apprentice, came to my shop, I was writing at the compting-house; he begged I would go and take two men; the prisoners were walking together up Caray-lane, and I following them; the prosecutor's shop is in Goldsmith's-street


, that is very near; I took one by the collar, and told him he had robbed Mr. Gibbons of this parcel; the other walked on and turned up Priest's-court; I followed him, and brought them both to the Compter; I had this parcel at the time I collared him; it is a counterpane; I found it on Harris.
Where was the counterpane? - Under his arm.
Was it under his coat or not? - No, under his arm, I believe his left arm, openly; it was not wrapped in any thing.
Did you hear any conversation at this time between the other prisoner and Harris? - I do not know that they said a word, they appeared to be talking, but I could not hear a word.
Were they arm in arm together? - No, they were not, at they were walking very close.
When you laid hold of Harris, did the other man walk on before you took the parcel, or afterwards? - He went on, upon my taking the parcel he walked slowish.
Mr. Knowlys, prisoner Harris's counsel. Where was it that you first got sight of these people; you say in Cary-lane? - Yes, to the best of my knowledge.
I believe they were pretty near the end of Cary-lane when you first got sight of them? - They were nearer to Gutter-lane.
Harris made no resistance when you took him? - No, only said, do not collar me.
And the bundle quite visible to any body, as you would carry it? - Just the same.
Did not he tell you at the time you took hold of him that it was that man who had the bundle, that he had given it to him to carry? - I do not recollect that; I recollect his saying, when I told him he had robbed Mr. Gibbons, you are mistaken.
And the other walked off? - He said not a word, but walked off; he took the first opportunity of turning up the first court that came in his way.
I believe you have heard the other confess that he was the man who took it, and that he only gave it to Harris to carry for him? - I believe Solomon said, as they went into the coach to Newgate, that if he was cast, his father would have no peace in the synagogue.
Is that parcel in the same state it was when you found it? - It has been opened before the Alderman and the Grand Jury.


                  THOMAS
                   NORTH
               



             sworn.
I am a hair dresser; the prisoners came along the street, and stopped under Mr. Stokes's window, and discoursed one with the other; I do not know what they said; this was in Goldsmith-street, they looked round them and walked back, and looked in every window till they came to Mr. Gibbons's, then they crossed to the otherside of the way, and went a little way upWood-street, I cannot tell how far, I could not see round the corner, they came back again, then Solomon crossed over to Mr. Gibbons's, and just put his foot into the house, and listed off this counterpane, and came out again with it hanging at his side, in his hand.
What was it from a shop? - Yes.
What did he do with it? - He had it hanging on his hand, and he put it under his arm, when he went four or five yards from the house; I left my master's shop, and ran to Mr. Stratton's, and informed him, and desired him to follow them; Stratton is ablacksmith, he is a constable.
What became of Harris? - Harris was on the otherside of the way when Solomon went into the shop, and when he had got about two doors from where he took the counterpane, Harris crossed over to him; I could not hear any conversation pass between them.
Did Solomon part with the counterpane? - Not in my presence.
Are ye sure they went away together? - Yes, I went to the constable, and they were taken in Foster-lane; the prisoners are the men, I saw the property taken from Harris, I took it from the constable, and took the prisoners by the collar; when we went to the counter I gave it to the constable again; this is the same counterpane I am sure, it was tied in this paper, there was a mark tore out of the paper, and here is the place where it was tore.
Mr. Schoen, Prisoner Harris's Council. How far distant from the prosecutor's shop is it that you live? - About eight yards.
Had you the same opportunity of seeing both the prisoners? - I saw them both very plain; I saw Harris plainer than the other, because he stood out of the shop, and Solomon, went in.
Have you never said that you could swear to Solomon, and not to Harris? - No, Sir, I never did.
Then you undertake positively to swear to one as well as the other? - I do.
In what situation was Harris, that you can swear to him so positively? - He had not the same cloaths on I know, but I can tell him by his hair being cued, and curls in his side, and his features.
Did you never say you could not swear so positively to Harris as to the other? - I can swear to them both alike.
And that you have always said? - I have.
You swear to that? - I do.
This was found openly under his arm? - Yes, he made no resistance at all.
Mr Gibbons; this is my counterpane, I had such a one in my shop; when I went out, it stood in the corner of the window.
When you returned was it missing? - It was.
Do you believe that to be your counterpane? - There was a mark on the paper that is torn out; I do not know it by the counterpane, but by the paper; there was a mark of the prime cost in letters, and also there was a small mark signifying the size of the counterpane, the one mark is entirely torn away, in the other there is a small part left.
Was that your writing? - One of them was.
And no part of the paper was torn, but this where the mark was? - No, Mr. Knowlys.
You say there is no letter remaining, which expresses any part of the prime cost, but there is a part of a stroke? - No writing more.
Then I take it for granted you cannot distinguish that small part of a stroke that distinguishes, it from any other person's stroke? - I had an eight quarter counterpane standing in my house, when I went out, and when I returned I missed it.
Have you any of your servants here? - No, no servant of mine could ever swear to the counterpane, because had this been mixed with eight or ten more, it would have been impossible for me, or any body else, to have sworn to it.
PRISONER HARRISES DEFENCE
I have a witness here in court now, his name is 
               
                  Jacob
                   Levy
               



            .



                  JACOB
                   LEVY
               



             sworn.
I know Harris the prisoner, I have known him a year and half, he gets his living in going to sales. On Thursday the 18th of Sept. I went with him to a sale, I called upon him in the morning, between ten and eleven o'clock, the Sale was at Robins's in Covent Garden; and going along through Cary-lane, the other prisoner met with him, with a bundle under his arm.
Before that time, I had he been with Solomon, or with you? - No, he was with me, I called upon him at his lodging, at No. 4, Carter-street, Hounsditch; the other prisoner desired Harris to take hold of the bundle, while he was doing something to his shoe, and they stopped together; I told Harris I could not stop, I would meet him at the sale in Covent Garden.
What sale was that? - Robins's sale, in the Piazzas. I left Harris along with the other prisoner, in Cary-Lane.
Court. What time was this? - Between ten and eleven in the morning of the 18th of September.
Did you and he go to Cary-lane together? - Yes.
And had you been with him all the morning before? - Yes.
Court to North. What time did this happen? - Between eleven and half after, or or a quarter, I cannot say rightly to the time.
They were out of your sight before they were taken? - Not a minute hardly.
Court to Levy. Did you leave him after this? - I left them both together in Cary-lane, I was not present when they were taken.
How do you know it was between ten and eleven, when you called upon him? - Because the sales generally begin between twelve and one, and we generally go there an hour before the time, to look at the goods; it was very near eleven when I called upon him.


                  STEPHEN
                   GARDNER
               



             sworn.
I am a factor and merchant in Mincing Lane, No. 5, I have known the prisoner Harris three years and better, I have frequently sold him goods, he always very regularly paid me, I always considered him as an honest man, I have dealt with him within these three or four months.
The prisoner, Harris, called two more witnesses, who gave him a very good character.
PRISONER SOLOMON'S DEFENCE.
I picked up a parcel in Goldsmith-street, and I met the prisoner, Harris, in Cary-lane, and I asked him to hold the parcel while I buckled my shoe.
MOSES HARRIS, 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  JACOB
                   SOLOMONS
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
