






361. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TROUT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of March

 last, three fore coach wheels, value 10 s. two fore chaise wheels, value 8 s. two hind chaise wheels, value 8 s. two hind phaeton wheels, value 14 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wright
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Lionel 
                     Lukin
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Allen
                  



               
            .
And 
               
                  DAVID DAVY

               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .
(The indictment opened by Mr. Garrow, and the case by Mr. Silvester.)
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  DANIEL
                   CHANTRY
               



             sworn.
I am a wheeler of Mr. Wright's, Lukin, and Allen. On the 18th of March, I had been to Mr. Wright's shop; it was past seven in the evening; coming out to go home, I met one 
               
                  James
                   Holloway
               



             coming out with a fore wheel of a chariot; he said he was running it for pleasure; I said it was an odd night; it was a wet night, it was seven o'clock; I returned, and saw him come back without it; I waited, he never came out again; the gate was open three quarters of an hour; I shut the gate, and in consequence of some conversation I had with Holloway, I communicated the story to one of the partners, Mr. Wright.
Was you present when Trout was called? - Yes, on the Sunday morning.
Was Holloway there at the same time that Trout was there? - Yes.
Tell us any thing Holloway said in the presence of Trout, but not when Trout was absent? - He said, before Trout, that he had run that wheel to Mr. Davy's by Trout's order, and was to have a glass of gin for his trouble.
What did Trout say to that? - He said he had lent Mr. Davy a wheel.
Did he directly acknowledge that he had employed Holloway to run it, or only not deny it? - He acknowledged that he had run the wheel; he said he was going that way home, and Trout said to Holloway, as you are going home, leave this wheel at Mr. Davy's; Mr. Davy was sent for; when Trout and Davy came together, Davy said he did not know any thing of borrowing a wheel of them, but if any of his people had, he did not know any thing about it.
What did Trout say to that? - Trout said he believed it was some of Mr. Davy's people; Trout was then asked if he should know the man that borrowed the wheel; Trout said he believed he should, he was a tall man.
Was any question asked of Davy before either of the partners, as to his having purchased any wheels? - Yes; Davy said to one of the partners that he had purchased several wheels, and had been in the yard to look them out; and he said that Mr. Allen, one of the partners, had seen him in the yard; Mr. Allen said he did not remember seeing him in the yard for some time; Davy said he had been there some time ago, and had bought wheels there; he was asked how long ago; he said it might be a twelvemonth ago; he did not believe he had bought any within a twelvemonth, it might be that ago; all the conversation was confined to one wheel.
There had been conversation about a pair of wheels? - Yes, there was conversation about new wheels, and things that did not concern my business.
Did Mr. Allen or Mr. Wright ask Davy any questions about the other wheels? - Not at that time, till he came back from the yard; Mr. Davy and we went to Mr. Davy's yard, when we came there we found one wheel, which was either the wheel the boy had run, or the fellow to it; he said, he did not know how it came there, he supposed his people had borrowed it; then we came back again; he said, he did not know that he had any more, nor he did not know that he had that till he saw it; in about two hours after, Mr. Wright took me with him to Davy's, I went with him to Davy's shop, and we found the fellow wheel to this, and two others, the two others were a pair of fore wheels, we found them in Davy's shop; he and his son were both present; Davy said he did not know how they came there.
Did you find any thing more? - Not at that time; there was no more conversation then; on the Monday following, I went with Mr. Wright and the constable, having a search warrant; in a large cellar under ground, we found five wheels, one pair of phaeton hind wheels, one pair of chariot wheels, and one fore wheel belonging to a coach.
Was Davy at home at that time? - Yes.
What account did he give of those wheels? - He said he had none, he was very agreeable to go down and shew, he did not know he had any, he helped them out of the cellar; I am a wheeler to those gentlemen; I know these wheels, they were made by me or my man.
Tell us when those wheels were taken off? - The Bishop of Exeter had new wheels put on the 8th of March, (looks in a book.) This is a memorandum book of my own making, in my hand writing.
Did you find any of the Bishop of Exeter's wheels at Davy's? - Two hind wheels of the chariot, and Mr. Woodley's pair of fore wheels which we found at Davy's were taken off the carriage the 6th of March; there was a pair of Mr. Stanley's chariot hind wheels, we found them also, they were taken off the 16th of January, and the 22d of January Lady Onslow's pair were taken off; Mr. Newcombe's wheels I did not take off, we found these there, a pair of Mr. Newcombe's hind wheels of his phaeton.
The wheels are broken up in general when they are taken off? - But that depends upon the state of them.
Have you any doubt at all of these wheels being the property of those gentlemen? - No, I am sure of the wheels, I can prove it by every matter that can be.
Mr. Fielding. Is it always the case when wheels are taken off that they are broken up? - If they are good for nothing else.
Mr. Garrow. What does the coach-maker allow the coachman for these old wheels? - I think it is one guinea for the set; but that is not my business.
Do you remember hearing any thing from either of the prisoners as to the price that was to be paid, by one to the other, when they were examined? - At Bow-street Davy said before the magistrates, that he gave six, seven, or eight shillings a pair for them.
Did he say what he had given for these wheels? - No; he said nothing about them.
Mr. Fielding. Do you know that the allowance given to the coachman for the wheels, is a particular compliment made to the coachmen, and that more is given than would be given for the wheels themselves? - It depends upon the condition of the wheels.
Is not it a common thing to give the coachman a guinea? - If the wheels are not worth five shillings, the coachman expects a guinea, if they are worth a guinea, he receives no more than a guinea.
How far do you live from Mr. Wright's? - About two hundred yards.

Davy is a considerable wheeler? - Yes.
Is not the custom of the trade to buy wheels and fit them up, and sell them again to the hackney men, or any person that wants them? - I do not know.
Do you not do it yourself? - I am not in business for myself.
You do not know the conduct of the yard? - No.
What the particular department of Trout is, you do not know? - No.
When this conversation had taken place at Mr. Wright's, you went with Davy to his house? - Yes; he shewed me that wheel in his passage.
Trout said he believed it was one of the men? - Yes, and he said he believed he should know him if he saw him.
The first time you went to Davy's house was the Sunday morning? - Yes.
Then you made a discovery of this single wheel of the Bishop of Exeter's? - Yes.
Davy was with you, and he said here are all the wheels I have? - Yes.
You went again with a search warrant on Monday? - Yes.
Then there was all that interval? - Yes.
Davy had opportunity of removing these wheels from the premises? - At a certainty he had.
Is not a cellar a common place to put wheels in? - I do not like to have them in a cellar, they do no good under ground.
A pair of fore wheels is are not so much worth, as a pair of hind wheels? - That depends on the state of them, but it they are in the same state, the hind wheels is of most value.
Do you know a man of the name of Rag? - Yes, a publican.
You have not lived on any good terms with Davy? - I never had any words with him; I know nothing of him, only how do you do, and good night to you.
Have you to Mrs. Rag, or any body else said these words, or to this effect, d - n him, I have found some wheels in the shop, I have him now, and d - n my eyes if I do not do him? - I never mentioned any such thing to my knowledge.
Have you or have you not? - At a certainty I should never say so; why should I do him, I do not know that I ever said such a word.
Does your memory serve you to say so? - I do not remember any such a word.
Mr. Garrow. What was the Bishop of Exeter's wheels worth that you found at Davy's? - They were worth eight shillings.
Now Mr. Woodley's? - About eight more.
Mr. Newcombe's? - The phaeton wheels are worth fourteen shillings.
Did he at the first time shew you the cellar? - No, only the gateway; he said, these are all the old wheels I have.
Court. When Davy was sent for, and questioned upon them, he acknowledged he had frequently bought wheels, and said he had often been in the yard to look them out, and that Allen had seen him there; Allen said he had not seen him there for some time; Mr. Davy acknowledged that.
Did Mr. Allen deny having ever seen him there for the purpose of looking out wheels? - I do not remember that Allen said he ever saw him look out wheels.
Did Mr. Allen deny that he had ever been there looking out wheels? - He said if it had been, it was a long time ago.
Did Mr. Allen deny his ever having any knowledge of the purpose of his being there? - Mr. Allen said he did not know that he came to look out any wheels.
Upon your oath? - I did not attend, I did not take any notice, I cannot positively pretend to say.
If you cannot say positively, why do you say at all in answer to my question? - Mr. Allen told him he did not know that he had been there to look out wheels.
Can you swear that positively? - Mr. Allen said, he did not know he had any right to look out wheels, and did not know that he bought any wheels there.
Who was present then? - All three partners; I remember Mr. Allen said to him, he did not know that he came there upon any such business.
Will you swear that Mr. Allen said, in answer to Davy, that he did not know he had ever come there on that business? - Yes, Mr. Allen said, that he did not know that he came there upon that business.


                  WILLIAM
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am in partnership with Messrs. Lukin and Allen, coachmakers in Long-acre.
What situation was the prisoner Trout in, at your house? - He was foreman to the labourers.
Have you lost any wheels? - Yes.
Had he any authority to send any wheels from your shop? - Never.
Do you sell any wheels to any body second hand? - We have sold wheels but very seldom, the reason is, those that are good I keep to put on other carriages; and those that are good for nothing, he had the breaking up of, and I used to give him sixpence a set for breaking them to pieces.
You worked up the old iron? - Yes, and the wood work we burn.
Had he any authority from you, or your partners, to dispose of any wheels to any body? - He never had; he had like to have lost his place some time ago about selling a pair of wheels.
How long ago was that? - The 19th of November, 1784, he sold a pair of hind wheels that came out of a gentleman's phaeton, that were very good ones; he sold them for fourteen shillings, they were worth two guineas, he had no authority for that; Mr. Lukin then sent for him and told him, if ever he sold any more without authority, he should have no more business; people have come into the shop and asked if we had wheels to sell, and I have sent them to Trout, but he was to shew them to me, that I might fix the price, and he was not to sell them himself; he sold one pair, and gave the money to the clerk.
In March 1786, were any wheels sold? - I do not know of any; we fixed the price on that pair which he sold; he asked me; I took twenty-eight shillings for them, that is brought to account in this book; Trout was brought before me and my partners, and Holloway said when Trout was present, that he told him to take that wheel to Davy's, and he would give him a glass of gin for it; I then asked Trout if he did, he hesitated a little, and said, he did; that he met Mr. Davy the day before, and he desired him to give his compliments to me and desired I would lend him a pair of wheels.
When Davy was brought, what was said then? - I asked Davy if he had borrowed any wheels of Trout, he said, he had not seen Trout for some time, I believe it was a fortnight; then Trout said it was not Davy, it was Davy's man, that he asked to lend him a pair of wheels; Davy said he had bought wheels in the yard; I have seen him I believe to the best of my recollection; I said, I have not seen you in the yard these two years; he said Mr. Allen and I was by; Mr. Allen said, he had not seen him for a great while, for a twelvemonth; Mr. Davy said, it was a long time, he could not say, it might be a twelvemonth; Chantry went to Davy's, and after he had been there, Davy came back himself, and told us that Chantry had been there, and found another pair of fore wheels in the shop, but he did not know how they came there; I went and saw the wheels, and then he said they were our wheels and he had them of Trout.
Did he describe how he had them of Trout? - No, I did not ask him.
He did not say when or how? - No; I then said, Mr. Davy, if Trout comes for these wheels, do not you let them have them away, nor do not you let any body have them, till I come for them myself; I asked him if he had any more wheels of ours on his premises; he said, no, he had not; about six I went to the fore gate and there was Trout, with a pair of fore wheels, says I, you scoundrel how dare you bring these wheels here, and I made him take them back; about two hours after, the same wheels were put into our yard again, how they came there I do not know; on the Monday morning we went and found five more wheels there, which he acknowledged he had of Trout; Davy was present at Bow-street, and Trout said he had six shillings a pair for them, and Davy said, that was eight shillings for the hind ones; I asked him when he paid Trout; he said, he could not say when it was, he sometimes paid him four or five guineas at a time.
How much was the hind wheels worth? - Sixteen shillings.
Mr. Shepherd. This house belongs to you, and Mr. Wright, and Mr. Allen? - Yes.
Has your uncle no interest in it? - No.
Nor any dormant interest in it? - No.
When was the present firm established? - At Michaelmas.
And the prisoner Trout is foreman under the labourers? - Yes.
And you say, he is the man to whom you referred the enquirers for wheels? - Yes.
Did not you generally refer the people to Trout? - To look them out, but not to sell them.
You just now told us that you referred them to him, and he was to come out and let you know the offers; now is not it the general custom of the trade to sell the old wheels? - I do not know what other people do, I do not sell old wheels; in 1784, Trout sold some wheels.
And had not he before that time sold wheels for you? - In that way, no other way.
Court. Is it possible for you to know with certainty off what particular carriage wheels come? - No; there was one particular circumstance in a pair of these wheels, there were boxes in them.
Court to Chantry. How do you know these wheels? - The hind wheels were there and the fore wheels were gone; I found the fore wheels at Mr. Davy's.
How long had that man worked with you? - About seven years.
All that you can tell was, that they were his make? - Yes, and my turning; I can tell when they were made, I always book them.
When the old wheels are taken off and mixed with other wheels, how could you distinguish them from other wheels made by the same man under your direction? - By the colour, and by the paint, they were painted yellow, and the hoops black, we had no other painted that colour.
Mr. Garrow. You took them off the 8th of March? - Yes; off the Bishop of Exeter's.
How do you know Mr. Woodley's? - It is a very heavy coach, it runs very hard, they were stronger, I know the wheels, I observed them when they came off Mr. Woodley's carriage.
New as to Mr. Stanley's chariot wheels? - I know them perfectly well.
As to Mr. Newcombe's phaeton wheels?
I know them to be the wheels, but I do not know when they were taken off, because there were a set of patent wheels put upon them.
Mr. Fielding. I suppose the new wheels of this heavy carriage are of the same sort as the former were? - Yes, they had not been on one year; I saw these wheels of Mr. Woodley's on the Friday before, the man owned to running them away on the Saturday evening.


                  JAMES
                   HOLLOWAY
               



             sworn.
I am a painter; apprentice to Messrs. Wright and Lukin.
Do you remember seeing Chantry on Saturday night, the 18th of March? - Yes, I was taking a fore wheel and running up Hanover-street out of Mr. Wright's yard to Mr. Davy's, by Trout's order.
What did Trout say to you? - He told me his master had sold the wheels to Mr. Davy, and that he was allowed one shilling to carry them, and if I would carry them, he would allow me half, three-pence for two, and four six-pence.
Do you remember Chantry speaking to you about it? - Yes.
Did you carry that wheel? - Yes.

Where did you deliver it? - I left it at the door, I took two more the same-day, and I left them in the same manner, by the order of Trout.
What wheels were these? - Three fore wheels, I do not know to what carriage they belonged; they were yellow wheels.
Have you, at any other time, taken any other wheels from Mr. Wright's? - Yes, for this five years past at different times.
Was it known to Mr. Wright? - Trout told me they were sold to Mr. Davy, by the order of Mr. Wright; I took there by the order of Trout.
At what time of the day? - Some. time one, and sometimes five; these are the hours we have to ourselves.
Had you any particular instructions from Trout as to the manner? - He bade me not say where I was going with them if I met any body; I have seen Davy himself when I have delivered them, sometimes his son, sometimes his man.
Who paid you? - Trout.
How many have you carried in the last six month? - I cannot pretend to say.
How many do you think? - About twenty sets.
How far is Davy's house from the prosecutor's back gate? - About a minutes walk.
Have you at any time received any money from any body but Trout? - Yes, lately before Christmas, I received sixpence from Davy, once or twice, I cannot say when.
Have you seen the wheels that were found at Mr. Davy's house? - Yes.
Are any of these those that you carried to Mr. Wright's? - Yes, I carried them all; there are nine, some fore wheels, and some hind wheels; I used to carry more fore wheels than hind wheels.
Court. How long before this was it that you had seen Davy, when you carried any wheels? - I saw him the day before I took them; I saw him the Tuesday before, he was standing at the shop; I took some home that day, and delivered them in his presence.
How many did you take then? - A pair of fore wheels.
Do you know of Davy's disposing of any wheels? - I saw a cart load of wheels as I came by one day.
Do you know whose property those had been? - No.
Court. Then in the course of the five years you have by your account carried a very large number to Davy's by Trout's direction, and as much as twenty sets, within the last six months? - Yes.


                  JAMES
                   BLACKBURN
               



             sworn.
I was servant with Mr. Davy.
Do you know of any dealings between him and Trout? - No; only that I was to fetch some wheels away from Mr. Wright's.
By whose orders? - My master's, which was Mr. Davy.
What were the orders your master gave you? - He used to tell me to go and fetch such wheels from Mr. Wright's, between nine and ten, one and two, or five and six.
Why was you to go within those hours? - I really cannot tell.
Were these the working hours of the business? - No, they were meal times.
How often did you go? - A good many times.
Mr. Fielding. Trout was on the premises when you went? - Yes.
Have you never carried any wheels back? - No.
Where did you put the wheels when you brought them to your master's house? -
Sometimes in the shop, sometimes out of doors.


                  JOSEPH
                   BARRETT
               



             sworn.
I keep the White-Bear publick house, about forty yards from Mr. Wright's back gates; I know the two prisoners; I have frequently seen them together.
Have you ever gone to Mr. Wright's for Trout? - Yes, by the order of Mr. Davy.
Had you any particular directions from him about that? - Yes; he told me to go for Mr. Trout to Mr. Wright's yard, and he told me once, if I saw Mr. Wright not to mention that Davy was at my house.
Did Trout use to come in consequence of these messages? - Yes, when he had an opportunity, when Mr. Wright was not in the was; these messages were not at any particular times, they were in the working hours.
In case Mr. Wright was there, what was you to say to Trout? - I was to give him a backon.
Mr. Fielding. How came you here to day? - I was subpoened.
Who brought you the subpoena? - I do not know the gentleman; Mr. Wright came to me.
Did not you know very well that Mr. Wright and Mr. Davy were not upon good terms, and that Mr. Wright would be angry if his foreman was sent out of the house? - I have not kept the house above a year and a half; I did not know that Wright and Davy were not upon good terms.
Has that intercourse between Davy and Trout subsisted any time? - It has continued down to the present time.
Mr. Fielding. I am now to submit to your Lordship, that there is no evidence to affect Trout; that there is no evidence to affect him as accessary; I am ready to admit, the boy expressly proves that degree of criminality upon him, and no other, that he took these by his order, which is one of the ingredients, constituting the criminality of an accessary expressly.
Court. Ask the question first.
To Holloway. When you took the wheels from Mr. Wright's to Mr. Davy's, where did you take them from? - From the place where they stood, against the wall.
Was Trout present when you took them? - He generally was.
Prisoner Trout. My Lord, I cannot make a speech; I make hold to hand up this paper. (Read.) May it please your Lordship, and you the gentlemen of the Jury; having an impediment in my speech, I beg the indulgence to observe, that I am totally innocent of the charge, for which I have the misfortune to stand here arrainged; I have been twenty one years in the service of my prosecutors; I appeal to them what has been the general tenor of my conduct during that time; I have been for years past, authorised by them, to dispose of all the old wheels; the wheels in question I did sell, in consequence of that authority; I paid them the money I received; therefore I beg leave to add, that I am a poor man, that my afflictions are much exaggerated, by having a numerous insant offspring, without a mother, and they must be without a friend should conviction follow; I therefore humbly hope, that this court will temper justice with mercy, by passing upon me as lenient a sentence as justice will admit in my distressed situation.
Court to Prisoner Trout. You see one of the gentlemen has denied your having any authority to sell? - Here is a gentleman in the court that has been in the counting house, and enquired whether there were any old wheels to sell, and Mr. Fletcher, and Lukin, and Allen have said go down to Trout; my master has been angry during the time of business; he has made use of some bad words; the next day they have come, and I have agreed for them; I have seen one of my other masters, and told him, says I, the man has offered a guinea, says he, how are they, are they pretty tidy Trout? Sir, says I, the hoops are on, the wood is but so and so; I have told the man he might have them for one pound one shilling.


                  JOHN
                   SUTTON
               



             sworn.
I am a wheelwright.
How long have you known Trout? - These twelve or fourteen years.
What character has he borne? - I never heard any thing of him but an honest man; I have bought wheels of Trout; I have bought a set of Mr. Wright, a set of Mr. Allen, and several sets I have bought of Trout, in the course of these ten years.
Did it appear to you that Trout was the man with whom that business was to be transacted? - Mr. Wright has sent me down to Trout; I have gone down to Trout into the yard, and I have looked for such a set of wheels as I have wanted; I found them there, and I have agreed with Trout for them, and paid him for them; one time I told Mr. 
               
                  Wright
               


             I wanted a set of wheels for an old carriage; and he said, go down to Trout, and Trout will deal with you for old wheels; Trout will sell them to you.
Then, you understood from Mr. Wright that Trout was the man with whom this business was to be done? - I have bought several sets in the yard in the course of ten years.
What prices may you have given? - Twenty-four, or twenty-five shillings; sometimes I have gone as far as thirty shillings; that is the whole sum.
What is the lowest of those of a more moderate quality? - I never bought any but what was very good; I wanted them that were fit to put on a gentleman's carriage, that would run for a month or six weeks, till a new carriage was made; I gave a better price than a hackneyman would have given.
It may happen that a pair of fore wheels are worth very little, unless they are fit to put on? - They give gentlemen's coachmen more than the wheels are worth; a guinea is the price, that is not worth above ten or a dozen shillings; then the fore wheel cannot be worth above four or five shillings.
Mr. Silvester. Where do you live? - I am wheeler to Mr. Hatchett, in Long-acre.
When was this transaction with Mr. Wright? - I believe it may be three or four years since; I have not dealt with Mr. Wright since, but with Mr. Trout I have sometimes; I have seen Mr. Wright in the yard, or Mr. Allen, or Mr. Lukin, and had what I wanted.
Who did you pay the money to at that time? - To Mr. Wright, in the yard.
How did you fetch them away? - I generally had them sent away; I took them home in the open day, in working hours, I and my fellow servant, that was foreman to the labourers, the same as Trout was; we sold them there; we never went to Mr. Hatchett.
Court. You had a general authority from Mr. Hatchett to sell, and account with him for the money? - Yes.
Do you recollect at all particularly what Mr. Wright said when he bid you go down to Trout? - Go to Trout, and Trout will deal with you for the wheels; I looked out the set myself, and then he was to deal with me for them.


                  RICHARD
                   MOUNTAIN
               



             sworn.
Did you purchase any wheels of Mr. Wright? - Yes; but I do not remember any in this Mr. Wright's time.
How long ago? - I should suppose it to be five or six years ago.
Who did you use to deal with? - Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Wright
               



            ; and if he was not there, and I bid Trout too little, he used to say, I must ask my master; I have known Trout fourteen or fifteen years; I always saw him as a labourer; I know nothing particular of him.
(The prisoner Trout called another witness, who gave him a very good character.)
PRISONER DAVY'S DEFENCE.
I leave it to my counsel.
- BENWELL sworn.
I understand you are a coach-maker? - I am.
Can you inform the gentlemen of the jury the course of the trade? - I can of our own; I have served an apprenticeship in the trade, and I am now in the trade; I employ, I suppose, thirty journeymen; we have a foreman to the labourers.
Is it, or is it not, customary to intrust that man with the sale of the cast wheels? - Certainly; the shop I am in, I have been in about twenty-five years; I succeeded Mr. Foster, in Long Acre; I never knew him sell a set of whels; we wish to have them out of our way; when any person comes, we let them part with them; they bring the money to account.
Has it happened that any of these men had sold wheels to persons applying? - I have one man that I sold twenty sets at a time to; he has gone through with that bargain, and brought the money to account.
What is the value of a set of wheels? - Why they must be a pretty good set, with a good deal of iron upon them, to fetch twelve or fourteen shillings; I never gave a receipt for any such thing in my life; whatever they sold them for, I always abided by what they did.
Court. When you speak of the price of twelve shillings, you speak of those that are to be broken up? - Yes; I have sold the fore wheels for about eight shillings, and the hind wheels for about fourteen shillings.
But many for a much higher price than that, I suppose? - Oh, yes. I have known Davy twenty years; he is in a capital way of business as a wheel-wright; always bore the best of characters; an honest, hard-working man as ever I knew; he has certainly brought up a large family, with a great deal of industry; he has many servants.
Mr. Silvester. Did he deal with you for old wheels? - He has frequently bought fore wheels at our shop; fore wheels are more applied for, because they are wanted to send into the North, to use in the coal trade.
Court. Has the prisoner Davy dealt frequently at Mr. Foster's for old wheels? - I cannot say, Sir; it did not come within my knowledge; lately he bought five pair of fore wheels, for which he gave eight shillings a pair.
- BERRY sworn.
I am a coach-maker in Long-acre, near to Mr. Davy; I have known him seventeen years; I have dealt with him to this very time; I always found him a fair, honest man, rather likely to be imposed on, than impose; he has a dozen men under him; I have sold him wheels.
- SLODDARD sworn.
I have known Davy I suppose for twenty-four years; I live in Mount-street, Grosvenor-square; his general character has been a very good one; an honest, industrious, hard-working man as ever was; I always understood him so.
- WELLS sworn.
I live in Charles-street, Long-acre; I have known him upwards of twenty years; I know him to be a very honest, hard-working man, and took great care of his family.
- HEATHER sworn.
I live in Long-acre; I have known him seventeen or eighteen years; a very honest, industrious, hard-working man; I never knew any body speak against him in my life; he has a large family.
- MABERLY sworn.
I live in Little Queen-street; I have known Mr. Davy twelve, or fourteen, or sixteen years; he has bore a general good character, and stood unimpeached, I believe, till this matter.
- FROOME sworn.
I live in Oxford-street; I have known him twenty years; I always understood him to be a very worthy, honest man, and I have sold him ten pair of wheels, hind and fore ones together, for eight shillings a pair, not more.


                  THOMAS
                   WALLIS
               



             sworn.
I live in Long-acre; I have known him about eleven or twelve years; his character is very good; I never heard any thing amiss of him in my life, nor ever had the least reason to suspect him.


                  OWEN
                   O'KEEFE
               



             sworn.
I have known him about eight years; always looked upon him to be a very honest industrious man, in the course of my dealings with him.
Court. You cannot add to the circumstance of character; for these witnesses are all of a very respectable description, as far as their knowledge goes; and there is no doubt of their character.

Court to Chantry. Which of the wheels was it? - One of the Bishop of Exeter's, and two of Mr. Woodley's coach.


                  THOMAS
                   TROUT
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .


                  DAVID
                   DAVY
               



            , 


               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for fourteen years
            .
The prisoner Davy was recommended by the Jury.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
