





432. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of November
 last, six pieces of printed cotton, containing one hundred and sixty-eight yards, value 20 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Thwaites
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BRADLEY
               



             sworn.
I am an apprentice to Mr. Thwaites, No. 106, High-Holborn. On Monday the 7th of November, in the evening, between five and six, Mr. Thwaites sent me with his cart to deliver some goods at Mr. Gibson's, Barbican


; I had also six pieces of cotton belonging to Mr. Thwaites, to deliver in Cheapside; I saw them put into the cart in a box, tied round with a string, for Messrs. Leith and Watts, Sadlers-hall, Cheapside; the cart was at Mr. Gibson's door; the goods were all taken out; this box and another remained; I was standing by the cart, and saw somebody go up Prince's-street with the contents, without the box; I found him on the opposite side of the cart; I followed the man without looking in the cart, but before I overtook him, a man met me in the street and pushed me down, and asked me, if it was me that eat part of a turkey; he took me, and laid me down, not with any force; I immediately went back to Mr. Gibson's house; I did not continue to follow the man with the prints.
Why did you not cry out for help when you first saw the man? - There was nobody near; I told Mr. Gibson, and he followed them, and cried stop thief; that is all I know; the carter's name is 
               
                  Edward
                   Jones
               



            .
The Remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex, HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 26th of APRIL, 1786, and the following Days;
Being the FOURTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     THOMAS
                      WRIGHT
                  



               , 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY E. HODGSON, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND; And Published by Authority.
NUMBER IV. PART X.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXVI.
[PRICE SIX-PENCE.]

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  William
                   Brown
               



            .


                  EDWARD
                   NICHOLSON
               



             sworn.
I was servant at that time with Mr. Gibson; on the 7th of November, between five and six; I was informed by 
               
                  William
                   Bradley
               



             that a man had stole some printed cotton; I instantly ran very fast, and enquired of a person which way he was gone; I followed him very quick, and then I saw the contents laying in the street, near the corner; I brought them back and laid them on the counter; they continued in the shop till the Wednesday, then I took them back to Lieffe and Welch's; I delivered them to one of the servants; the prisoner was rescued out of the coach, therefore the contents are not here.
Did you look at them or examine them at all? - No, they were tied round with a strong cord, and put into a box.


                  EDWARD
                   GIBSON
               



             sworn.
On Monday the 7th of November, between five and six in the evening, and Mr. Thwaites cart was at the door, I heard Bradley cry out, there are six pieces of prints gone; Mr. Nicholson ran after him; I ran into Golden-lane, expected him to come that way, and there I saw the two boys scuffling with the prisoner, when I got within fifteen or twenty yards of him, I saw the boy fall down; he was making his escape; I ran after him, and laid hold of him as fast as I could; he said, I will shoot you; he put a pistol to my face, and the fire came into my face; I called for assistance; the two boys said to me, that is him; I saw him drop the goods; the prisoner was on the spot; it was just as I had laid hold of him that the pistol snapped in my face; I tried to secure his arms, and cried out, for God's sake assist me, he has more; he gave a plunge, and threw the pistol away; there were two or three came up, and he was taken to the constable and secured; I desired the constable to take care of him, I expected he would be rescued, he looked about for his cutlass, but could not find it; I was near half an hour in the house with him; I went out through the croud and called the patrol, and desired the patrol to come and bring his cutlass with him; the patrol came; my wife was very much frightened, and I stepped in to let her know I was not hurt; and I heard a shout that he had acted the part of harlequin.
Court. Do you know his person to a certainty? - Yes, my Lord, I should know him from five thousand; I looked at his face, and pulled off his hat once or twice, and I looked at his hands, and said, how do you get your living my friend, he said, he was a watchmaker; I said, you work very hard, you have a nice soft hand; the prints were brought to my house, either Tuesday or Wednesday; I sent Mr. Nicholson, to deliver them to Mr. Lieffe.
Did any of Mr. Thwaite's people see the prints? - Nobody but but Bradley; I had seen the prints at Mr. Thwaite's and I knew them to be Mr. Thwaite's; they were not untied at all; I have seen them loose at Mr. Thwaite's, but they are easily distinguished; I could see them very plain; they were only tied round with a cord; I am sure they were Mr. Thwaite's property.
Bradley. These are the same prints that I put into Mr. Thwaite's cart.
Prisoner. I beg that the witnesses that have not been examined, should be examined separate.


                  JOHN
                   JOSEPH
               



             sworn.
I had been getting a bit of victuals; I heard a noise; I live in Golden-lane; I went to the door, there was a cry of stop thief; and two men came running down the lane, and one of them threw down the bundle.
Which was the man that threw down the bundle? - I cannot say.
What became of the man afterwards? - Mr. Gibson stopped him.
Did the man get out of your sight after he threw down the bundle, before he was stopped? - No; I cannot say with a safe oath whether that was the man that Mr. Gibson stopped.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's counsel. Was you examined before any Magistrate about this? - Yes, before Mr. Wilmot.
Mr. Gibson. This is the man that came up to my assistance; if the pistol had gone off, I must have been a dead man.
Court to Joseph. Has any body been talking with you since, to make you less sure now, than you was before? - No, nobody has spoke to me since.
Jury. What was the distance between the place where the prisoner was taken, and the place where the things were dropped? - More than twenty yards.
Relate over again what you saw? - I saw the prisoner, and this man came running down the street as hard as they could run.
Who was foremost? - Upon my word I cannot say; I was in the dark; I was on the other side of the street; I was further off than I am to you; I saw something drop.
Did you see who it dropped from? - No, I cannot be upon my oath.


                  WILLIAM
                   EWEN
               



             sworn.
I am fifteen. On the 7th of November; on the Monday night, between five and six after I came from work, I was going along and heard the cry of stop thief; and the prisoner had a piece of goods under his arm; he tried to run into a house, but the door was shut; and then he dropped the linen; then I pursued him, and he dodged me round a court; and another boy came up, and he tripped the other boy, then I jumped atop of his shoulders, and I hung by him with my hands round his neck.
Was he down? - No, he was standing up; he d - d me, and told me he would shoot me; upon which I was frightened, and I let him go; he had not got above fifteen yards, before Mr. Gibson and a brewer's servant got hold of him.
Was the man you laid hold of, the same man that dropped the goods? - Yes, I am sure he is the man.
When Mr. Gibson laid hold of him, did any thing happen? - No, I heard a pistol snap, but I did not see it.


                  JOHN
                   PROSSER
               



             sworn.
I heard the cry of stop thief; I run, and saw a man running with some things in his arms; he tried to get into a house, and he could not get in, and he dropped the things; I tried to lay hold of him, and he threw me down.
Did you see him afterwards stopped? - Yes, Mr. Gibson stopped him.
Are you sure that the man that Mr. Gibson stopped, was the man that dropped the goods? - Yes, Sir, I am.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .
Court to Prisoner. You have been convicted by the Jury, on the clearest and most satisfactory evidence, of the offence charged in the indictment, that offence is not so described in point of law, as to make it capital to affect your life; but as you endeavoured to take away the life of a person, I think no sentence, that the law authorises the Court to pass upon you, is too severe; which is 


               that you be transported to Africa, for the term of seven years
            .
Court. In the first place, Mr. Gibson's situation put him out of the necessity of receiving any other recompence for his very meritorious conduct, than the thanks and approbation of the Court and the publick.
Mr. Gibson. I do not desire any other, my Lord.
Court. Let these two boys have forty shillings apiece, and the other witnesses the common allowances.
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
