






775. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TASKER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BEST
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hely
                        



                     
                  , on the 9th of September
 last, about the hour of ten in the night, and feloniously stealing therein, one pair of leather saddle-bags, value 10 s. four linen shirts, value 30 s. one linen stock, value 6 d. five linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s. two pair of worsted stockings, value 2 s. a leather pocket-book, value 6 d. one pair of leather shoes, value 3 s. and one pair of men's silver shoe-buckles, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Coates
                  



               
            .



                  JOHN
                   HELY
               



             sworn.
I keep the Cross Keys in Wood-street




, Mr. 
               
                  Samuel
                   Coates
               



             came to my house in the coach, I was not at home then, I soon afterwards saw him, he always does come to my house; about eleven at night I was informed that one of the rooms had been broke open by some means, and that the saddle-bags were taken away; it was a bed-chamber up one pair of stairs; as soon as I was able to get an inventory of the things in the bags, I went up to Bow-street, I imagine the room was opened by a false key, there seemed to be a little bit of a purchase, there was some appearance of forcing the lock, as if a small chissel had been made use of; it is a spring as well as a lock, what they call a knob-lock; the next morning I went up to Bow-street between seven and eight, and had hand-bills printed, and soon after I received a message from Bow-street, to attend with Mr. Coates, we went there, and some things were produced which Mr. Coates swore to.


                  THOMAS
                   LEWIS
               



             sworn.
I am chamberlain at this inn, I know the room where Mr. Coates's bags were put, I took the two pair of saddle-bags out of the room where Mr. Coates sat, and hung them across my shoulders, and put them into the room, I locked the door myself and brought the key down to the bar, and hung it up in its usual place, upon a book, No. 12.
Was the key there when you perceived the door had been broke open? - When Mr. Coates wanted to go to bed, I went to see for the key, and I found it where I left it, that was between ten and eleven; when we went up stairs the lock was open, shot back, but the door was shut.
What street does the room open to? - It opens to the gallery which goes round the yard.
Court. Do the steps go out of the yard? - Yes, up into the gallery.
Court. Who took the prisoners? - Allen.
- ALLEN sworn.
I took the prisoners that night in Kingsland-road, about two miles from this inn, I found on Best what is contained in this handkerchief, I was coming down Kingsland-road on my duty, I am one of the captains of the patrol, and I met the prisoners, I also took from Tasker what is contained in this handkerchief, two shirts, one stock, three handkerchiefs, and a pocketbook; these I took out of his pocket.
(The things in the brown handkerchief deposed to.)
Court to Lewis. What time was it you received Mr. Coates's bags? - Between six and seven, when they came to the inn.
(The things in the red and white handkerchief deposed to.)
Allen. These I found on Tasker, the things just now deposed to in the brown handkerchief was in Best's pocket, the two prisoners were walking up the road together.
Court. In this red and white handkerchief, here are two shirts, three handkerchiefs, and two pair of stockings.
Jury to Prosecutor. Had these shirts any particular marks that you know them by? - Yes, there is my name on them.
Allen. The prisoners said the things were their own, they had been having them washed, or something to that purport; in the morning a printer's boy came to me with a handbill, and I then found that it answered to the property that I found on them.
PRISONER TASKER'S DEFENCE.
My Lord, me and Best were both together, we had been at Wapping, coming home we called at the sign of the Blue Boar in Rosemary-lane, where we bought these things; it is a house frequently used by people of this kind, who sell these goods, and we bought these things there.
Court to Allen. Did they say so to you? - My Lord, they said they were their own, and they had been to get them washed.

Prisoner Tasker. You asked what we had, and we told you it was our own property? - Allen. Yes.
Prisoner's Council to Allen. You do not know whether they said they were coming from the wash, or going to wash? - I cannot say, they said they were their own property.
Prisoners. We have no witnesses.
Court to Jury. A burglary must be committed in the night time, when there is not light enough to discern the face of a man; therefore it is punished so severely. If a man will take the advantage of night to commit a robbery in a dwelling-house, the law thinks proper to punish that always capitally. If a house is broke into, and things are taken away, or if the things are not taken away, if it is done with an intent to take things away, it is a burglary. Now this was on the 9th of September, and the prosecutor came to town between six and seven; there is not a doubt in the world but it is light at that time: the things, you observe, were not missed till eleven that night; therefore, whether they were taken in the night time or not it is impossible for us to say; but I suppose it is not light longer than eight, about the sixth of September. Nothing serves to ascertain the time when they were taken, but from the time when they were found; now that was about twenty minutes past eleven; then, you see, they had come two miles; and allowing them to be taken at twenty minutes after ten, it would be in the night - ten would have been in the night, nine would have been in the night; therefore that is a circumstance (though there is no positive evidence whether they were taken at night, or before dark) which makes it likely they were taken at night; and I cannot help saying, that one would hardly think that any body would go to break open the door of a room at a public inn, whilst it was day-light. As to the breaking, you will observe, Gentlemen, there must be an actual breaking, or a constructive breaking: it is not necessary that the door should be broke open, if it was upon the latch, and an outward door; the opening of it is in the law a breaking, because you have opened that door which the owner thought sufficiently fastened. If it is opened with a false key, picking the lock is as much a breaking as if the door had been broken all to pieces. Now it must be one or the other, because the key was in the same place where the man hung it up.
With respect to the goods found in the possession of the prisoners, if a man cannot give you a reasonable account to satisfy you that he came honestly by the goods in his possession, the law says he is the man that took them.
There seems to be no doubt in the world with respect to the single felony: how far it is burglary depends on the observation I made to you. If you doubt whether it was in the day-light, or at night, to be sure you will not take the lives of two men away if you have any doubt. You will consider the case, and, I dare say, give such a verdict, as in your consciences you think yourselves bound.
If the goods stolen in a dwelling-house are above the value of 40 s. that constitutes a capital offence; but, however, no particular value has been set upon these things.


                  JOHN
                   TASKER
               



            , 
               
                  JOHN
                   BEST
               



            ,




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s. but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. Justice NARES.
