





647. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     COLEMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of August
 last, privily from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wilkins
                        




                     
                  , a promissory note, signed under the hand of Benjamin Castletine, bearing date the 6th of January, 1789, by which said note, the said 
                     
                        Benjamin
                         Castletine
                     



                   did promise to pay to the said 
                     
                        John
                         Wilkins
                     



                  , 78 l. 15 s. three months after date; the said note being the property of the said 
                     
                        John
                         Wilkins
                     



                  , and the said sum of 78 l. 15 s. being then due and unsatisfied to the said 
                     
                        John
                         Wilkins
                     



                  , the proprietor thereof, and a leather pocket book, value 1 s. the property of the said 
                     
                        John
                         Wilkins
                     



.


                  JOHN
                   WILKINS
               



             sworn.
I am a barge-master
, in the town of Guildford; I went on Tuesday the 11th of August from Queenhithe about half past 12 o'clock in the day, to Mr. Harrison's the Bankers in Mansion-house-street, there I took my pocket-book out, (being a black leather one, with a strap thereto,) concerning a nine guinea note, wanting cash for it; after I had so done, I put it in again; I then came from there, in order to go to Westminster, and in going along by St. Paul's, I put my hand in my pocket, and found my pocket-book was out of my pocket.
When you took your nine guinea note out had you any thing else in your pocketbook of any importance? - Yes, I had a note of 78 l. 15 s.
Are you sure you had it at the banker's? - Yes.
What was the sum for which it was drawn? - It was in the face of it 78 l. 15 s.
Who was the drawer? - 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Casseltine
               



            .
When was it dated? - February 1789, but I cannot positively say what day.
Do you recollect whom it was drawn upon? - It was payable to myself, and was due in three months.
Had it been paid, as I see it is over due? - The principal part was.
How can you say with certainty, that you saw it, when you was at the bankers? - I know I put it in when I came from home,as I thought I might see the man who drew it.
When did you come from home? - On Monday, the 10th of August, I came from Guildford.
Have you ever recovered your note, or pocket-book since? - No.
Have you any notion, positively, to the time you missed it? - I am not positive to five or ten minutes, either before or after.
Did any thing happen to you, coming to St. Paul's from the bankers, that would lead you to suppose where it was taken from you? - I rather thought once, I was jostled as I was passing through Cheapside


, by two men; I cannot take upon me to say it was then taken from me.
Then, it was not any thing at that time, that induced you to look whether your pocket-book was gone? - I did not that very moment; but a minute or two afterwards, I did.
Have you ever seen your pocket-book since? - Yes, at the publick office in Bow-street; I received a letter from the publick office, and came up from Guildford.
How long might that be after you lost it? - Ten days or a fortnight.
When you saw your pocket-book, was it open or empty? - I do not know.
Who put it into your hands there? - Mr. Shallard.
What was in it? - This promissory note was in it.
Have you reason to think, from the appearance of the note, the date of it, and the hand writing, that it is your note? - I am certain.
Do you know, whether after you lost it, any attempt was made to procure payment? - I do not know there was.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. You know Benjamin Caseltine? - Yes.
When was it you lost your note? - On the 11th of August; on a Tuesday, as I was coming from my bankers.
A great many people were passing at that time of the day? - Yes.
When you was at the bankers, you pulled out your pocket-book with the nine guinea note; there were other notes in it? - There were.
On going from Mr. Harrison's, you felt somebody jostle you? - Yes.
If it had been the prisoner, perhaps you would have known who jostled you; you knew the prisoner before? - No, I never knew the man in my life.
If you had seen him before, you must have known him? - I know nothing of him.
Part of this note is paid? - I have received the whole of it since; I had received seventy pounds before I had lost it; and when I lost it, there was eight pounds fifteen shillings unpaid, which I have received since.
Now, you do not know what date the note bears? - It was dated in February, but I cannot be positive to the day.
Though you put it into your pocket-book in the morning, you cannot ascertain what date it bears? - No.
How long have you known Mr. Caseltine? - Three or four years.
Where did you get your pocket-book? - In Bow-street.
When Shallard gave you the pocketbook in Bow-street, what was in it? - I have not examined every thing in it; there was a note for seventy-eight pounds, fifteen shillings, in it.
Has there any thing passed between you and the prisoner, in Newgate? - I have not seen him.
Any letter? - No, none.
Did you send any body to the prisoner ever? - No person whatever.
Mr. Knapp submitted to the Court, that as the indictment stated the value of the note being seventy-eight pounds, fifteen shillings; and at the time of the loss, seventy pounds had been received on the note by the prosecutor; and the real value of the note being then but eight pounds fifteen shillings, the Court could not proceed on the trial on that part of the indictment, which was granted; and theprisoner was only after this, tried on the pocket-book, value one shilling.


                  JOHN
                   SHALLARD
               



             sworn.
I belong to the publick office in Bow-street; on the 27th of August, I, Jealous, and another, went to the house of Coleman.
How do you know it was his house? - He was at home, and in bed; it was about eight o'clock in the morning; and in searching the place, underneath the stairs, I found this pocket-book; I asked the prisoner at the bar, how he came by it? he said it was not his, but he had received it from a prig, meaning a pickpocket; and that he meant to return it back to the owner again; I told him that did not signify at all, I should take it away with me; and the clerk wrote to Mr. Wilkins at Guildford; and he came and swore to it; it had the note in it.
Mr. Knapp. You went to some lodgings, supposing them to belong to the prisoner; why did you think it was his lodgings? - We received an information that he lived there.
Where did you find him? - Up one pair of stairs.
Where did you find this pocket-book? - Below in the kitchen.
When you took the pocket-book, he said he received it from a prig; and he meant to return it again? - Yes.
Court to 
               
                  John
                   Wilkins
               



            . How do you know it to be your property? - By having letters in it directed to me by the general post; and by several marks upon it.




               GUILTY, 12 d
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
