





602. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     DANIELS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
 last, one man's cloth great coat, value 6 s. 6 d. six linen shirts, value 4 l. one black satin waistcoat, value 10 s. one pair of satin breeches, value 10 s. one pair of nankeen breeches, value 4 s. four pair of shoes, value 10 s. two pair of stockings, value 2 s. one German flute, value 10 s. two waistcoats, value 4 s. and one wooden box, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Webster
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   WEBSTER
               



             sworn.
I live at Berkhamstead, Hertfordshire; the box was lost on St. Dunstan's hill


; I delivered it to the prisoner, to take it to the Old Bell in Holborn; I put the wearing apparel in the box myself, except the great-coat which I put on his arm, on the 27th, on a Monday; I went immediately to the Bell, and found the man had not been with the things; I went back to the sign of the Monument in Little Eastcheap, to enquire after him, but could not hear of him; I then went to justice Staples and got a warrant; and he was taken on the Tuesday night; I saw him at St. George's watch-house; I gave him sixpence when he took the box; he was to take it to the Old Bell for the Berkhamstead coach.


                  JOHN
                   PAGE
               



             sworn.
I saw the box delivered to the prisoner by Mr. Webster; I saw the things put in the box.


                  JOHN
                   LOVAT
               



             sworn.
On the evening of the robbery, the 27th of July, the prisoner came to my house with another, appearing drunk; with a long drab-coloured coat; he said he would be d - d if he had not made a good speak to a box; and 
               
                  Kitty
                   Graham
               



             should have a part of them; and he would pay me; he went down to look for 
               
                  Kitty
                   Graham
               



            ; about eleven, he returned with a long black coat, a frilled shirt, and white waistcoat; but I would not let him in; the officers came to my house to enquire for him; and he was taken presently after, and committed.
Prisoner. The witness never saw me with the things he has mentioned.


                  GEORGE
                   GIBSON
               



             sworn.
I keep the Sutherland Fishery, East-smithfield; the prisoner came to my house; he had on a black coat, a frilled shirt, and a white waistcoat; he was taken with the same things I have mentioned.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The prosecutor employed me to carrythe box, I pitched it at the London stone, I had been drinking in the morning and was very heavy, and fell asleep, and at that time the things were stole from me.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


