






175. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WELCH
                  




               
             (aged 12,) and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CONWAY
                  




               
            , (aged 9) were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           MaryAnn 
                           Davis
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, on the 18th of January
 last, on the King's highway, and putting him in corporal fear and danger of her life, and feloniously taking from her person and against her will, two dimity waistcoats, value 2 s. two linen shirts, value 4 s. one linen handkerchief, value 6 d. one muslin ditto, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Chapman
                        



                     
                  ; and one linen handkerchief, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Mary
                   Davis
               



            , widow.
Court. Who committed these boys? - Mr. Walker.


                  MARY
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
What are you? - I am a poor woman that takes in washing for my living.
How old is your daughter? - She is under eight years; I sent her to Rider's-court, in Coventry-street, for a person's linen that I wash for, on the 18th of January; it was in the dusk of the evening; between four and five; the child came home all over mud, and had lost the linen.
How long did she stay out? - More than an hour; I know nothing of it of my own knowledge; my child is between seven and eight.
I do not suppose she knows any thing about the nature of an oath? - Not to my knowledge.


                  JACOB
                   FREEMAN
               



             sworn.
On the 18th of January, I received information that a child had been robbed in Coventry-street, near the Hay-market


; during the time that I received the information, Beamish, a brother officer of mine had taken the two prisoners at the bar; on the morning following I found out the child; the property will be traced; I have had it ever since; I had it from Mrs. Hickey on the day following; I believe Mrs. Hickey lives in Crown-court, Broad-street, St. Giles's.
Where were these children taken up? - From the house of Mrs. Hickey, by Beamish.


                  ANN
                   HICKEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Crown-court, Broad St. Giles's; I kept three lodging houses at the time.
What are these children at the bar? - I know nothing of the children; they were taken up at my house on the 18th of January, about eight at night, to the best of my knowledge; as I sat at my own fire side one of the officers belonging to Justice Walker came in; says he, who have you in this farther house? I said, you are welcome to see, and I gave him a light; I went with him, and as I went into the house, the first thing I saw was them two boys with their hands tied together in the passage, so I said, Lord, bless me, what is the matter here! they took the light and seemed quite busy looking about the place; I took no notice; I came back again with a light: I saw nothing more of these two children; they took them away afterwards on an information of a little girl; I took a light and went into my yard, and sought and found nobody: I went up to a room, and looked out at a window, a back window, and in the next yard, I saw a bundle laying in the yard; it was the 18th of January, to the best of my knowledge; I suppose it was about five or six minutes, to the best of my knowledge; the girl fetched it up; I took the bundle, and there were two shirts, a waistcoat, and a handkerchief; I asked what office them officers came from; I went to Justice Walker's, and took the things there; I know nothing of the prisoners; I have seen the two children before; I never saw them but twice; I saw them the night before; I let that room to two girls that sold matches and hat pins about the streets; I do not know who they were; they lodged about a week.


                  JOHN
                   BEAMISH
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoners in Round-court, St. Giles's; I was at the public house next door to the office; two girls came in and asked for Meecham; he was not in the way; they gave me information; I went with them to Crown-court; I found nothing there; but the two boys were in a back room up two pair of stairs; there were two or three girls in the room withthem, nobody else; there was a light; they appeared to be employed, and I went in and told the prisoner 
               
                  Welch
               


             I had information they had committed a robbery; a girl slipped out directly; the prisoner said, that the person who gave the information was the person who did the robbery; all the houses in that place are a common receptacle for people of that kind; one of the girls is here in Court; the others are in custody for shop-lifting.
Court to Mrs. Hickey. Do you know this girl? - I saw her coming up with these girls; I never let her a lodging.
Do you know the other that is in custody for shop-lifting? - No, she never was a lodger of mine.


                  CATHERINE
                   MOREING
               



             sworn.
Me and three more girls were going up Coventry-street, and we saw these two boys; and one of the boys lives along with one of the girls; her name is 
               
                  Peg
                   Holmes
               



            ; I believe she is about seventeen; this was about five or six o'clock; she lived at Mrs. Hickey's; he only lived with her that day; they had a bed below stairs, and paid seven pence for it; he lived with her ever since; he was taken up that night; I beg your pardon I made mistake.
Court. You are a young girl, do not let any body draw you in? - He only lived with Peg Holmes that night, and they were going to live together; he came I believe it was about Wednesday morning.
What day was this? - I do not know rightly; I cannot recollect; it was the same night of the lights; I believe it was on Thursday night he came after 
               
                  Peg
                   Holmes
               



             and 
               
                  Phebe
                   Flarty
               



            ; they had acquaintances down Newtoner's-lane; she came to lodge there after the boys were taken up.
What did you know of the little boy? - Nothing at all; he was with the other boy; on the Wednesday night he lodged I believe at Mrs. Cummins's in Dyot-street; he staid at Mrs. Hickey's on Wednesday night; he laid in the bed with the other boy and 
               
                  Peg
                   Holmes
               



            ; in all about six girls; I was going down to Coventry-street, and I saw the child was going to cross over, and both the boys laid hold of each of her hands, and took her over, and led her down into Coventry-court, and the little one knocked the child down, and the big one took the bundle from her.
What did you girls do? - We are misfortunate girls; I believe they use to go out on the town: we were all going out to see the lights; when the boys had got the bundle, the little one came up and hit me in the eye, and I had a black eye.
Do you mean that child at the bar? - Yes, Sir, he could lick a good many girls; he hit me because I was going to halloo out stop thief.
Which of the girls did the boy bring the bundle to? - I do not know indeed, he kept it underneath his coat.
Where did he carry it to? - They went home with 
               
                  Peg
                   Holmes
               



            , and I came directly and fetched the Justice's man; 
               
                  Phebe
                   Flarty
               



             went with me to inform against the boys:
Where did you come from? - I live in Carrier-street, St. Giles's; my mother lives in the same street.
What is she? - Spins flax; she is an Irish woman.
What has she bred you up to? - I have had nobody to take care of me; she sent me out with a few matches and pins; I was born in Dyot-street.
What age are you? - Going of fourteen.
You should apply to the parish officers to be maintained?
Freeman. This girl was almost naked; where these boys were taken from, is one of the most infamous places that we have in the county of Middlesex not only on this business but on many other occasions; I have been under the necessity of going there, and have taken out boys, apprentices, where there were four or five girls; she is now naked; I furnished her with this pocket handkerchief for decency's sake; when these two boys were taken, and themorning following when the Magistrate examined them, the youngest boy I believe, I went ten miles to find out his mother; I found her out; Mr. Walker himself observing the boy's age, though he examined the child himself; he delivered the youngest boy up to his mother: when I found out where this person lived that had been robbed; I got the biggest boy, he was put among a number of people, and the child took out the biggest boy; in two days afterwards, I went to the same house, and in the same room I found the same boy with two girls; I thought it my duty, as well for my country, as for my feelings as a father, to bring him to justice; the two girls were taken with the two boys; they were all committed; but Welch, the biggest boy, says she is innocent, and owned it himself; one of the other girls has related just such a sort of a story to the Justice, but as this girl came voluntarily, we thought it better to bring her; it is but lately that a man lost his life there, and five women were taken up, and Mrs. Hickey also; the Coroner's Jury brought in their verdict accidental death; in this very house: the parish has commenced a prosecution against these houses.
Court. I am very glad to hear it, Mrs. Hickey ought to be included in the prosecution for keeping this abominable house.
Freeman. The prosecutrix is a poor woman; this is a gentleman's linen; he charged her sixteen shillings for it, and he would not give half a crown of it.
Court. Desire the churchwarden to call at my house after the session.
One of the churchwardens. My Lord, I have been in Court from the beginning.
Court. Then I am sure it is unnecessary for me to say much to you on the subject? - The parish have commenced a prosecution against Mrs. Hickey for keeping a disorderly house.
Court. You have done very right? - I believe the bill is not yet found; Mr. Robinson in Russell-street is the attorney.
Court. I shall order her to be committed for perjury in the face of the Court, till a Bench warrant is obtained on that indictment.
Freeman. She has seen them many times before to my knowledge.
(Committed to Newgate.)
Court to the child. How old are you my little girl? - Going of eight.
Where were you sent to that evening that you lost the things? - Into Ryder's-court.
Court to Freeman. Did you hear the boys say any thing at any time what was become of the things? - Yes, at one hearing before the Magistrate Welch said, he would take it all on himself, so that 
               
                  Margaret
                   Holmes
               



             should not be hurt; when I examined the bundle, I was informed of what property was lost, at the time I found a deficiency; I found that one of the waistcoats, and two neck handkerchiefs were in pawn at a pawnbroker's named Lane; the little boy being sent home with his mother; I paid the pawnbroker, and took the things out.
Did either of the boys say what had been done with the bundle the night they were taken up? - Not that I remember; the things were twice produced in the presence of both the boys; I was not present at one of the examinations, Beamish was.
Beamish. I was present; Welch said, that 
               
                  Peg
                   Holmes
               



             had nothing to do with it; that he would take it all upon himself, sooner than she should be hurt; the things were produced; he did not deny the charge at all; the little boy said but very little indeed; nothing that I took any notice of.
Court. This little child is too young to be examined with propriety upon oath.
Court to 
               
                  Catherine
                   Moreing
               



            . You are sure you saw the boy have the bundle? - Yes, under his coat, the bigger one.
(Conway's mother called into Court.)
What is your name? - Conway.
Where do you live? - In Lombard-court, at No. 2; a lodger.

Is this child your son? - Yes.
What age is he? - Nine years, and six months.
What business do you follow? - I am not in business at present; my husband died about eleven months ago; I had a shop, and followed the mantua-making business.
- CONWAY sworn.
Where was your son born? - Down in Staffordshire, at a place called Laffley, about seven miles from Wolverhampton, Stafford way; my father was a clergyman; this child was born there; his birth is registered in the parish.
PRISONER WELCH'S DEFENCE.
That night we were going along with Phebe Flarty, who was taken up for stealing some shawls; and there was one 
               
                  Nan
                   Parsley
               



             with us.
How came you by this bundle? - I was going to see the lights and we picked up the bundle in the street all over dirt.
(The things deposed to.)


                  WILLIAM
                   WELCH
               



            , 


               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  HENRY
                   CONWAY
               





               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
Court. There has been laid before the Court such a scene of wickedness and profligacy of the worst kind, going on the heart of this town, that cannot but fill every body with horror; it is not to be wondered at the number that parish at the gallows, harboured by such wretches as Mrs. Hickey; children trained up to the commission of every kind of profligacy and wickedness; all that is in our power is to take care that the guilty person shall be punished; with respect to the older boy, I am entirely satisfied with both parts of your verdict, that enables me to do what I have not the least doubt is an act of mercy to this boy, I mean that of sending him out of this country, and thereby save him from being hanged; let him be transported for seven years; with respect to the other boy, let him be detained, and carried before a Magistrate of the city of London, to be passed to the parish in which his mother has sworn he was born, in the county of Stafford.
Court to Conway's mother. You, madam, have probably been reduced by misfortunes, which may have led you to expose that boy to the melancholly situation in which he stands; I shall therefore not reproach you any more on that subject; it is your duty to make all the reparation to God and your country; it is your duty to attend before the Magistrate, to make oath of the place of this child's birth; and it would be the most wise conduct if you was to attend him thither; have you gained any settlement since? - Yes, I kept a house nine years in the Borough; and I kept one since in Westminster; his parish is Westminster.
Court. As this boy is past nine years old, he may be sent to the place of his birth in the country.
