





184. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARSDEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of December
, an iron half ring bit, plated with silver, value 5 s. an iron bradoon, plated with silver, value 7 s. a leather bridle, with four buckles plated with silver, value 7 s. a copper curb, with hooks fixed thereto, value 5 s. a leather bridle, with hooks fixed thereto, value 5 s. a leather bridle, with four buckles, plated with silver, value 5 s. a copper curb, with hooks fixed thereto, value 5 s. an iron cheek-bit, value 10 s. one other leather bridle, with four iron buckles, value 7 s. an iron bit, plated with silver, value 5 s. and twenty iron nails, plated with silver, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Goodson
               




            .


                  JAMES
                   GOODSON
               



             sworn.
I am a sadler
 in Exchange-alley


; the prisoner lived servant
 with me about two years, I discharged him on the 29th of December, I had missed a vast number of things in the sadlery business, I had turned away a number of my men, because I could not find out the thief; I told the prisoner it would be better for him to tell the truth at once, that I would not prosecute him; and he confessed a vast number of things, but never confessed the things mentioned in the indictment.
Did he give you a list of them? - No.
Court. Then I think that is very unfair against the prisoner.


                  JAMES
                   PHILIPSON
               



             sworn.
I am a sadler, I live at the corner of the Blue Boar Inn, Aldgate, High-street;Nelson, the ostler of the inn, told me had some bridles to sell; I had heard of Mr. Goodson's robbery, and I sent to Mr. Goodson, he came to me the next morning, and Nelson and Butler brought the things to my shop.


                  EDWARD
                   NELSON
               



             sworn.
I am ostler at the Blue Boar Inn, Aldgate, Mr. Butler asked me to take three bridles in exchange for a watch; he desired me to carry them to the last witness to know the value of them, which I did next morning.
(The bridles were produced in Court by 
               
                  John
                   Clarke
               



            , one of the marshalmen, who said he had them of Mr. Philipson.)
Are those the bridles you had of Mr. Butler? - I have not the least doubt but they are the same, I delivered them to Mr. Philipson.


                  ROBERT
                   BUTLER
               



             sworn.
I keep the tap at the Three Nuns, Aldgate; about six weeks before Christmas, the prisoner asked me if I had a watch to dispose of; I told him I had; he said he had not got money, but he had got some bridles, he said he had the bits out of the country, and had made them up at leisure hours at home; he left them with me, and had the watch upon trial; as he never returned, I sent them by Nelson to be valued.
Are you sure of his person? - Very sure, he had used my house.


                  NICHOLAS
                   SMITHSEND
               



             sworn.
About a fortnight before Christmas, I bought a plated bit of the prisoner; I delivered it to Mr. Goodson, as soon as I heard he had been robbed.


                  GEORGE
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I am a sadler, I work for Mr. Goodson; the latter end of last July I bought five sets of plated nails of the prisoner; in consequence of a letter I had of him; I gave them to Mr. Goodson.
Should you know them again? - I cannot say.
(The letter produced in Court by Mr. Denton.)
(The bridles were deposed to by the prosecutor, but the nails he could not swear to.)


                  WILLIAM
                   LUNN
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Mr. Goodson.
(Deposed to the bridles.)


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a journeyman to Mr. Goodson, I know this old bit to be my master's, I carried it to be repaired and fresh plated; the plating is wore off, and it could not be replated.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was in business in the country six years and ten months; I failed, and sold my goods to a young man who had been my apprentice; after I had been in town some time, he sent the bits to me to sell them for him; I compleated them, and offered them to Mr. Butler in exchange for a watch.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
