





226. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     CLARK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 17th of January
, two linen handkerchiefs, value 3 s. and a woollen blanket, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Goodman
                        



                     
                  , and a child's stuff gown, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Bernard 
                     Parker
                  



               
            .


                  ALICE
                   GOODMAN
               



             sworn.
I live in Cockpit-alley, Drury-lane; I have a house in Parker's-lane


 let out in lodgings; 
               
                  Hannah
                   Parker
               



             looks after it.


                  HANNAH
                   PARKER
               



             sworn.
I rent a room in Mrs. Goodman's house; on the 17th of January I was ill; Mrs. Davis came into my room and sat with me about a quarter of an hour; there was an alarm, that somebody had carried a bundle out; I went with my husband, and saw him stop the prisoner, coming out of Broker's-alley, and she dropped the sheet.
(The sheet produced in Court, and deposed to by Mrs. Goodman.)


                  MARGARET
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
On the 17th of January, I went out between six and seven o'clock in the morning, the things were in my room then; when I came home between eight and nine in the evening, I went and sat a quarter of an hour in Mrs. Parker's room; I saw the prisoner's head going by the window, but I did not see that she had got any thing; when I went up stairs, I found my room door broke open, and the things gone; about two hours afterwards, I saw her in custody of the officer, with the things.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I met Mrs. Davis that morning in Covent-garden, she said, she was very poor, and desired me to pawn these things.
To Davis. Is this true; that you desired her to pawn them for you? - No, it is not.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
