






522. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     SHERBUD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RALPH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th day of May
 last, a boiling copper, value 30 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Lawrence 
                           Watson
                        



                     
                  , affixed in a certain out-house of his, used with his dwelling-house
            .
A second count, for feloniously stealing, a copper with a brass cock, value 20 s. his property; one linen shift, value 2 s. one apron, value 1 s. the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Hare
                  



               
            ; and one towell, value 1 d. his property.


                  LAWRENCE
                   WATSON
               



             sworn.
I keep the King's-arms on Green-bank





; I lost two coppers, one fixed and one not fixed in the wash-house, the end of the wash-house joins to the dwelling house; I lost two copper saucepans, and one gallon pewter pot; the linen was produced before the Magistrate; I never saw the prisoners before I saw them at the Magistrate's; I missed the things the same morning; they were all safe in the wash-house the night before they were taken.


                  MARY
                   WATSON
               



             sworn.
I lost a copper that was fixed in the wash-house, and a copper with a brass cock, two saucepans, and one gallon pot, a large pot with two handles, one check apron, and one towell; the things were all missing: I saw them at nine, the night before, in the wash-house; I saw the apron the next morning at the office, it was about ten; I knew the apron, I had not worn it a long time; there was another of the same sort, that they left behind; I brought it into Court, they were left in the washing pan, in the water, they were wrung out, the one was taken, and the other left, there was only one towel, and I am sure it is missing; one of the prisoners came to a club at our house; I saw him there the night before, but I do not know his business.


                  ELIZABETH
                   HARE
               



             sworn.
I am a servant at Mr. Watson's; the things mentioned in the indictment were missing the Thursday morning the 18th of April; I left the wash-house at five at night on the Wednesday; I was not in the wash-house after; the apron has been compared with one that was left behind; I saw the towel there that belonged to my mistress, it is ragged at one end, there is a hole in it; I can swear to it; I know a check apron was missing, and a towel of my mistress's; I lost a shift, and an apron; I know it to be mine by the patches, I can swear to it; I had such a one in the wash; the things were all wet, and those and my mistress's were there, it was the day the things were missed.


                  MICHAEL
                   CATTLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; on Thursday morning the 18th of May, I saw the two prisoners come out of Knight's-court, which leads from Green bank, it is about a thousand yards from the prosecutor's house, the prisoners had each a bag, but the prisoner Ralph had a bag on his left shoulder, and a copper on his head, holding it with his right hand, that was the copper that had been fixed; I do not know what was in the bag; I did not stop him; the prisoners followed one another; the prisoner Sherbud was first, he had a bag on his right shoulder, they were going from the King's-Arms; I did not hear them talking together, I asked them what they were moving off? and they said it was their own proper, and they said, the reason of their moving so soon was, because they were poor men, that they might not lose a quarter of a day's work; they both said so; I did not examine the bag, nor did I not take it from them; it was between three and four in the morning, I followed them into Broad-street; I did not know either of them before.
Jury. What did they give you to let them pass? - They offered nothing; they promised the things were their own many times.
How long have you been a watchman? - A twelvemonth.
At this time in the morning do you usually take those answers to be satisfactory? - There was nobody else moving or stirring; I could not have taken them if I would; I am sure the prisoners are the men.
Upon the oath you have taken, did they give you any money? - No, Sir, they did not, if they had offered me any money I would have stopped them.


                  GEORGE
                   FORRESTER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable belonging to Mr. Staple's office, Shadwel; I was with Mr. Elby, we saw two men about forty yards off, we went and met them, in about fifteen yards of the bottom, we met Sherbud with this bag on his shoulder, and as soon as he saw us, we saw it upon the flaggs, I did not see him drop it down; I am sure it is the same bag, I picked up the bag, and Mr. Elby pursued him. (The things produced and deposed to.) I went to search Sherbud's brother's house, and there was Ralph, and he escaped.


                  WILLIAM
                   ELBY
               



             sworn.
Deposed to the same effect.
PRISONER SHERBUD'S DEFENCE.
This bag was laying on the ground with some of the things out of it; I put the things in my pocket, and took up the bag, several people saw me.
PRISONER RALPH'S DEFENCE.
When they took Sherbud, they said, who was it that was with you, was it your brother, or Richardson?
Forrester. I am sure this was the man.
Elby. I have no doubt of that, we both know their persons.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
