








252. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     STEVENS
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HERBERT
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARDY
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th day of February
, one deal case, value 2 s. and one iron wheel, called a wallower wheel, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Gilbert 
                     Handyside
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Prickett
                  



               
            .


                  GILBERT
                   HANDYSIDE
               



             sworn.
I am in partnership with Mr. Prickett; I lost a wallower wheel, value 12 l. it was in a deal case; it was lost down below bridge.


                  ROBERT
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
I am a waterman, I ply down below bridge; I know the three prisoners, I never saw them till this evening, I went from King's Stairs to Rotherhithe, between seven and eight, on the 9th of February, and rowed as far as Hanover Hole, and from there I drove up with the tide to King's Stairs again, and I saw the three prisoners in a boat, with this case; as I was an officer, I asked them what they had got, and they said it was nothing to me, and they put the case out of the boat they were in, into the boat I was in.
(The Case produced.)
Prosecutor. I had leave of the Magistrate to ship the wheel, because the ship was sailing; there was the wheel, coggs, wrench, and turnscrew.
What is the use of the wheel? - For a sugar-mill to grind cane.
Did the prisoners say any thing how they came by it? - They said they picked the boat up adrift with the case in it, which I cannot disprove: the mark of the case, W. V. J. I saw the wheel on the wharf the 9th of February; our waterman carried it down on board the ship.


                  WILLIAM
                   WATSON
               



             sworn.
Between ten and eleven, I took a lighter with this box and some other goods, to a ship at Prince's-stairs, Rotherhithe.
Court to Walker. Where did you take that box? - On the water on the Middlesex side.
Watson. I went and told the mate I had goods for the ship; he said he could not take out the goods that day; the name of the ship was the Generous Planter; I had two small parcels, which I thought were moveable, I locked them up; there was no one single article which any one man, or even two, could move; I told my master what I had done; I left this case and another on board the lighter; my master asked me if it was necessary to watch the lighter; I told him I thought not, and I left it without any body to watch it during the course of the night, for I could not move it myself; the next morning I went down to get the things out; the first thing I missed was these two cases; I asked the mate, he said he hoisted out one, and no more; to be satisfied of it, I went on board the ship, and enquired, and there I found the master, and I described the case at the Custom-house before I saw it, and it was the same I missed from the lighter.
Court to Walker. When you saw these three men in that boat with the case, and they put it into your boat, what became of the men? - They gave me no account of themselves, and they had but one paddle in the boat, which I knew was not fit to smuggle with, and I took them as disorderly people; I called for help, and they were taken to Gun-dock, Wapping; I am sure these are the three men.


                  CHARLES
                   JOHN WATMAN
               



             sworn.
I came to the assistance of Mr. Walker; I knew the prisoner Stevens, he was taken in the Dock, I am sure he was one of the three men that was in the boat; I attended them to the Justices, and they were committed.
Was you on the Middlesex side or the Surry side? - On the Middlesex side.


                  STEPHEN
                   HOWARD
               



             sworn.
I ply at Cherry-garden stairs, that is on the Surry side, I am a waterman; between eight and nine, Mr. Walker cried out, stop thieves! I immediately rowed off, and Walker he calls out, is that Howard? I said yes; he said there were four thieves in the boat, he desired me to row after them; I chased them to shore to Gun Dock, and three went into the boat; who took them, or whether these are the men, I cannot tell.


                  JOHN
                   ARCHER
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer at Gun Dock; I was there, and the prisoner Stevens asked me if the gate was open at Gun Dock; this was the 9th of February, between eight and nine; I directly heard the cry of stop thief! and I saw one of them, him in the blue jacket, that is Stevens, in the dock, and I took a candle, and found the other man stepped over the crane; I saw nothing of Howard then; Walker helped me to take one.
PRISONER STEVENS'S DEFENCE.
I had been on the other side of the water; I live in Gravel-lane; I had been in the hospital five or six weeks, I went to seek for work, as I was coming back about seven over the water, I came to Execution Dock to get myself put over; I waited for a quarter of an hour; I had but a halfpenny, and these two prisoners came down to the stairs, and they asked me if I had any halfpence to lend them to go over, I told them I had but one myself, and this man being a waterman, he asked me if I would take a walk with him to Church-stairs, as he had an acquaintance a waterman, he would give him a cast over; I went with him to Church-stairs, and there this wherry was laying, with the box in it and one paddle in the boat; we got in the boat, and this man was to go with him, and I gave him the halfpenny to work himself over again.
PRISONER HERBERT'S DEFENCE.
I just come from Greenland Dock, I met this young fellow, and I asked him if he had his boat, and he said he had not; I said I would go with him to the stairs, and some waterman would give me a cast over; I went with Hardy to Prince's-stairs; when we came to the stairs, he could see nobody that he knew, then we went to Church-stairs, and there was the boat laying, and we all got into the boat, and this young fellow, Stevens, gave me a halfpenny to bring the boat back, and we met the waterman, and he said he was a King's officer, and he had a right to it, and we put it in his boat.
PRISONER HARDY'S DEFENCE.
I say the same as he has said.
Court. What right had you to take a boat at all to go over, without the consent of any body that belonged to it? - There was nobody in it, she was drifting about along-side the barge.
When you came to Gun Dock, how came you to run away? - I did not think what trouble might come of it.
(The prisoner Herbert called five witnesses, who gave him a good character)
ALL THREE 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 




               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
