





817. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     MILLS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th day of August
 last, a silver watch, value 42 s. a steel chain, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Dyts
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Silvester.)


                  JAMES
                   DYTS
               



             sworn.
I am landlord of the Talbot in the Strand




; the prisoner lodged with me; I was ill in bed at the time.


                  KETURAH
                   DYTS
               



             sworn.
I am wife to 
               
                  John
                   Dyts
               



            ; when I first came to the house, I hang the watch up in the bar; it hung for a considerable time; on the 15th of August my husband was taken ill; the prisoner was sitting in the kitchen reading the newspaper, about four yards from where the watch hung; I went out and returned, and the watch was missing; I suspected the maid, and threatened to take her up; the prisoner said, if you take us all up, my pretty face must go before the Justice; I did not suspect the prisoner; I took him to be a gentleman of five hundred a year; I lost a punch ladle before on Thursday night the 18th of August; we found the watch at one Mr. Purse's.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. How long have you kept the Talbot? - Just come there; we kept the Opera coffee-house before.
The road to the rooms that are most frequented, ( you understand me without more explanation) is through the bar, is it not? - If you was to come there you would go through the bar.
Mr. Garrow. I never shall be that way I assure you; how long had this gentleman of five hundred a year been at your house? - He came on the 10th; he staid a week.
Was it you that presented the bill of seven pounds for his week's board? - No, Sir, my husband; but then he had three or four gentlemen eat and slept with him; he always had one or two, sometimes three gentlemen slept with him.
Did not he refuse to pay it? - I do not know
Was you present when your husband said, if you do not chuse to pay that bill, I shall charge you with stealing a silver watch? - He was taken up on the 18th and carried before a magistrate; he was at large from Friday till Monday; there were advertisements with a reward to find the watch; he was taken up again on the 30th of September.
Did he continue at your house after this? - No.


                  ELIZABETH
                   BALLITER
               



             sworn.
I was servant at this inn; I remember the time the watch was lost.
Who went through the bar at that time? - Mr. Mills, and nobody else.
Mr. Garrow. Was not you taken up? - No, Sir, another servant was; I was only a daily servant.
How near is the bar to the place that the ladies and gentlemen go to? - It is very near.



                  GEORGE
                   PURSE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in the Strand; about five minutes walk from the Talbot; I received this watch from the prisoner on the 15th of August, in the afternoon; I am positive to the prisoner; he brought it to pledge.
Mr. Garrow. Do you take in newspapers from Bow-street? - No, I never saw this watch advertised.
(The watch deposed to.)
Prosecutor. I am sure it is mine.
Court to Prisoner. Young man, what do you say for yourself, you are proved to have pawned this watch the very day it was lost.
Prisoner. I know nothing at all about the watch, nor never saw it, nor was I through the bar that day, I can solemnly deny that I ever pawned a watch for these two years past but one, and that was my own.
Purse. I have no doubt about him; I knew him before.
Mr. Garrow, to Prosecutor. After this man was taken up and discharged, he brought an action against you for false imprisonment? - Yes.
That action is still depending? - I was served with a copy of a writ to answer the 6th of November; the term is not yet begun.
(The prisoner's witnesses called, but none answered.)




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
