





223. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HEWLINGS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Marshall
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night, on the 17th day of January
 last, and burglariously stealing therein one wooden till, value 2 d. and sixty-two halfpence, value 2 s. 7 d. and 10 s. in monies numbered, his property
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
I live with Marshal in St. Clements-church-yard


, he keeps a house there, he is a stationer
 and tobacconist
; a few minutes before eight, I shut the shop door after I had served a customer.
Did you fasten the door? I put the latch on, I did not lock it, and soon after I saw the prisoner at the foot of the stairs, with the till in his hand, I did not hear any body open the door, and the prisoner went out with the till in his hand, I followed him, and cried stop thief, he was pursued and taken, out of my sight, but I am sure he is the man; there was about 10 s. in silver, and some halfpence, I am very sure I shut the door, and put down the latch that I might hear it.
But you did not hear it? - I always can hear it.
Does the latch go hard? - Yes.
Then did not it strike you at the time that you must have left it open, as you did not hear it? - No, because I was sure I shut it.


                  JONATHAN
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner on the cry of the last witness, and brought him back, there was no other person running near there at the time.


                  SAMUEL
                   ALTON
               



             sworn,
Produced the till and money, which he found at his back door, two doors from the prosecutor's.
Prisoner. I am innocent.
The prisoner called four witnesses who all gave him a good character.




               GUILTY Of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
