





550. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     FLANNIGHAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th day of May
 last, a musical instrument, called a violin, value 3 l. two half crowns and a shilling
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henrietta 
                     Morrison
                  




               
            .


                  HENRIETTA
                   MORRISON
               



             sworn.
I remember very well that a woman attacked me in the street; I believe it was the 7th or 8th of May, in Church-lane, Whitechapel


; I had a violin with me, that I was offered three guineas for, and I would not take less than five for; I deal in musical instruments
, I told her she should have all it fetched above five guineas, I went with her, she led me from one place to another, and she led me to a place, where there was pales, and a pond of water, and when we were half way down, she clapped hands upon me, to take my property, and I screamed out, and said my life is of no consequence, for the property is not my own; she put her hand on my mouth, till it was all blood, she kept me and put her hand in my pocket, and took two half crowns and 7 1/2 d. and two duplicates; I had a new handkerchief wrapped round my waist, and she took that, when she was going away, she rumbled me down, my bonnet fell from off my head which I had borrowed, and she took it away; I thought she was always coming to kill me again, and lay there better than two hours, I kept myself there for fear of making any stir; I was so terrified that I should never see my children, it was dark, there was a great deal of noise about us, when I found it entirely quiet, I could not get out of the place, any way, she had shut me in, I got the door open, and went slowly to the street, and I saw a broad street, and I heard a cart coming, and asked the man where I was; and I said I was out of my senses, for I had lost my life and my property; says he, you have your life, you are in Whitechapel-road, and he directed me home, and when it was daylight I went to look for her; the next morning I came to the public-house near where she had spoke to a man the day before with a velvet cap on; we did not go into any public-house, she told the man she would be back presently; I saw the man drinking a pint of beer with another man, the man directed me to Petticoat-lane, but I did not find her; I found the prisoner, and there lay my duplicates and my things; the prisoner said, woman, you are mad, I never saw you; I took my duplicates, and asked her for my violin and an old handkerchief.
Was you sober? - I was sober enough; we had some beer and some drink, the prisoner is the woman, but she is a great deal thinner than she was that day; she was fierce enough that day.
Can you undertake to swear to her? - I will go to death, if death and judgment was before me, that that is the very woman; I may well know her.
I mean to ask you whether you are so sure of it, because you found your duplicates in the same house with her that day? - I observed her very well, and I knew her as soon as ever I see her.


                  CHARLES
                   DALTON
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner; on the table lay a white handkerchief, one duplicate lay by it in brown paper, and the prisoner had another in her hand; she wanted very much to go to the necessary, I went and stood at the door, she came out directly, and down the necessary. I found the handkerchief, and brought it up with a pair of tongs; the prosecutrix said immediately, it is mine.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The prosecutrix came and took me up for picking up the duplicate.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
