





482. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FISHER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th of June
 last, one pair of silver buckles, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Wooley
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   WOOLEY
               



             sworn.
I keep a hardware, and silversmith's, and buckle-maker's shop
 in Piccadilly


, the prisoner came into the shop to look at some fashionable silver buckles, I never saw him but once before, he came on the 19th of June last, I reached him some silver buckles, he looked at the drawer some time, then he asked me if I had any more, I told him yes, a great many, and this pair of buckles laid at a distance on one of the counters in the shew-glass; while I was shewing him the second drawer, I observed that he had moved the buckles, and I kept my eye very close upon him.
Court. They were not removed only moved? - No, my Lord, he took up one buckle and asked the price of them, I told him they were four guineas, says he I will not have any silver buckles, they are too dear for me, shew me some plated ones, I did so putting the last drawers away; he took this pair of buckles, I saw him take them off the drawer, I saw his arm go while I was putting the drawer back, and the buckles were gone, he said he wanted to see some fashionable plated buckles, I said I will shew you some, I shut my glasses and went and shut the shop door, I caught him by the collar and said, you rascal, now I have caught you, you have got a good pair of silver buckles in your left-hand pocket in your coat, no, he said, he had not; a gentleman came and knocked at the door, I led the prisoner by the collar to the door and opened it, the gentleman said what is the matter, says I, I have just caught a thief, says he, there is Sir Sampson Wright going by the door, shall I call him, I begged he would, he did call him and brought him into the shop, I told him what was the matter, he told me to send for a constable, and he came, the prisoner was searched, but the buckles I told out of his pocket to convince the gentlemen that I knew where they were, and they were where I said they were, in his pocket, I took them out by Sir Sampson's orders, the constable ordered him to be searched, this was all in my shop, when he was searched the constable found a knife and some money, pretty near 4 l. the Justice told us to go to Bow-street immediately, we did so.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The buckles was not in my pocket, I only had them in my hand, and I laid them on the counter again, no one saw them in my pocket, I have no witnesses nor he has none, there was nobody in the shop but him and me at the same time.
The prisoner called six witnesses who all gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing but not privately
            

He was humbly recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
