






826. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     UNDERWOOD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARSHALL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th day of June
, fortytwo poundsweight of leaden pipe, value 3 s. 6 d. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ardesoif
                        




                     
                  , Esq
; affixed to his house, and two brass cocks, value 6 d. his property, having no title or claim of title to the same or either of them
            .
(The witnesses examined apart at the request of the Prisoner.)


                  JAMES
                   ALLIS
               



             sworn.
I know the house of Mr. Andersoif, the corner of Bear-alley


, it is uninhabited, there was some lead pipe lost, and two brass cocks; I saw some lead in a bag at the house, when the prisoner was apprehended, which I can swear to one brass cock was fixed to the cistern, and the other let water into the sink; they were compared and fitted exactly.


                  SAMUEL
                   FOXHEAD
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday morning I got up about six, and 
               
                  James
                   Streetman
               



             came and fetched me over to his room, which is in Greenarbour-court, and looks into Seacoal-lane, and I went down, and by Breakneck-steps,

                  Thomas
                   Underwood
               



             who set upon the steps ran away, and I ran after him, supposing him to be one of them, there were two men, one of them had a bag in his hand which he delivered to Underwood and ran away; the prisoner Marshall is not the man that brought the bag to him, Marshal was there, but he did not attempt to run away, I took him into custody, and Streetman took Underwood.
How far are these steps from the prosecutor's house? - Not ten yards, I saw them all three coming from Mr. Ardesois's house they were coming in that direction, but whether they came out or no, I do not know, I heard no conversation between the prisoners, they did not come together, they had not an opportunity to talk to one another while we had them.
How soon after did Marshall come to Underwood? - Directly.


                  JAMES
                   STREETMAN
               



             sworn.
I arose on Wednesday morning, between five and six, and I saw the two prisoners and another man break into this house, I live opposite to it, it was quite light, the prisoner Underwood opened the door, and let two men in, and they shut the door and Underwood sat down on the steps, and I ran and called Foxhead and his man, they came into my room and I shewed them, I afterwards saw Marshall come out of the house, and the other run away; the pipe and cocks were all compared and answered; I am sure it is the same.
(Produced and deposed to.)


                  WILLIAM
                   BARNEY
               



             sworn.
I am a chape-filer, I was going to work on the morning this affair happened, I had just been calling my master up, and he was telling me what work to go about, and I saw two men come out of this house, there were three went in, and the second that came out had a bag on his shoulder, he gave it to Underwood, and he run away, and went down Seacoal-lane, the two men were taken to the Compter, and the bag; I saw the bag opened in the Compter, and there was some lead and two brass cocks.


                  JOHN
                   BERRY
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner in custody, and Streetman had the bag, I took the bag from the Compter to my house, and kept it till their commitment, I think I can say they are the same things that I gave to the constable.
PRISONER UNDERWOOD'S DEFENCE.
I was going to work, and sat down to buckle my shoe, and a man came and asked me to carry this lead, he ran away, and they took me.
PRISONER MARSHALL's DEFENCE.
I was behind and they took me, I never was in the house, nor ever saw this prisoner before, I was going home to my wife.


                  RICHARD
                   LANEY
               



             sworn.
I am a bell-hanger and jobbing Smith, I work for myself, I am a house-keeper, I live in Chick-lane, I have known him about a twelvemonth, I never heard any harm of him before, I believe him to be an honest man, whatever I saw of him; on the 30th of June last, Streetman came down to the Crown, to my house, and he sent for me to the Crown opposite Chick-lane, and he asked me if I knew 
               
                  Thomas
                   Underwood
               



            , I told him I did, and that I heard he was in trouble, which I was very sorry for, never hearing the like before; but says he what can I do, I am a soldier, and all my necessaries are in pawn; and I said what can I do in the affair, why says he, as you are a house-keeper, if you will be so kind as to sign a note for twenty shillings and pay me five shillings of it, as you know him, I will say no more about it; and I took a second consideration, and I thought he must be a very bad man, so I thought I had better pay for a pot of beer and go my ways.
Upon the oath you have taken, all this is a fact? - Yes, Sir, it is.

Court to Streetman. What are you? - I work in the coffin handle way.
Are you a soldier? - Yes, I went to the Crown along with another young man, he told me he could help me to the other man that ran away from us.
Did any of that conversation pass which Mr. Laney has sworn now? - So far as this, he said he was sorry, and I said I was sorry; but no money was required, never a word passed about the twenty shillings, and five shillings down; I never made any offer of that kind about a note, I went the next morning and told Mr. Foxhead about the circumstance, and we went to Laney's house the next day, and there we saw the other man that run away from us, we were affraid to take him then.
Court to Laney. Did either of these prisoners ever lodge with you? - Neither of them, Underwood has worked for me, and did so the same week, on the Monday; I know nothing of the other.
What man was that that was at your house, when the other witness came? - I cannot pretend to say who it was that might come there, I was present at the time, there was a man that came to buy a pound of old nails, and I sold him some for two pence halfpenny, but who he was, I do not know.
Court to Foxhead. Who did you see there? - I saw the man that was with this man, I am pretty sure it was him that was in Mr. Laney's back kitchen, he turned his back; and I said to him in the presence of Mr. Laney, young man, you was with them, but I have not taken you.
THO. UNDERWOOD, 
               
                  JOHN
                   MARSHALL
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
