






457. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WATKINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of May
, a linen gown, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Gates
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   GATES
               



             sworn.
On the 10th of May, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was sitting at work in my back room; I heard somebody coming through the passage out of the yard; I thought I did not know the foot; I ran into the yard and missed the things in the indictment, they had been hanging upon a line in the yard to dry; I called Mrs. Boocock who lives in the first floor, and asked, if she had taken the things out of the yard? she said, no; we heard that three men were gone out with a bundle; Mrs. Boocock went after them, and met 
               
                  James
                   Vaughan
               



            , bringing the prisoner back with the things upon him; I took the property out of his lap, and gave it to Mrs. Boocock; she took it before the Justice, and it was delivered to the constable.


                  JAMES
                   VAUGHAN
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner in Grigg's-court, Goodman's-yard, with the property in his apron.
Was he running? - No.


                  SARAH
                   BOOCOCK
               



             sworn.
I had these things to wash for Mr. Gates; I was called down and missed them; I went to the door, and saw the last witness bring the prisoner back with the property.
(
               
                  Richard
                   Hayes
               



            , the constable, produced the things, which were all deposed to by Mrs. Boocock.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found them lying in the street.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


