





280. 
               
                  
                     LAWRENCE 
                     MULLEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 11th day of January
, one carcase of mutton, value 14 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Chambers
                  




               
            .



                  JOHN
                   IDIS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the prosecutor, he is a Butcher
, I lost a carcase of mutton last Tuesday evening, I only speak to the property.


                  MARY
                   GREEN
               



             sworn.
I watch the market in Whitechapel


, the house was shut up about eleven, the constable came to me, and asked me if I lost a sheep, I said no, for I had forty-seven counted over to me, and I have forty-seven now, so that is right; in the morning I asked my master the prosecutor, if he had lost any, and when he had looked he found he had lost it, before the goods were counted over to me at ten o'clock; I had often seen the prisoner loitering about the streets and in the dead of the night he would come.


                  JAMES
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner last Tuesday night, after ten; he passed by me with a whole carcase of a sheep; I stopped him, and asked him where he was going, he said to the Black Horse in Rosemary-lane, I took him to the Watch-house, and delivered him up to the officer of the night.
- SHEPHERD sworn.
I was the officer of the night, between ten and eleven, the watchman brought the prisoner and the carcase to the watch-house, he said the man gave him six-pence to take it into Rosemary-lane, at the sign of the Black Horse, from Whitechapel.
(A shoulder of the carcase deposed to.)
Idis. I am sure there was one missing upon the whole, I saw a vacant hook when I gave the woman charge; it is called Norfolk mutton.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A man employed me to carry it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
