





468. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ETHERTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Lanceman
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of nine in the night, in the 23d day of March
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one feather bed, value 3 s. his property
            .


                  RICHARD
                   LANCEMAN
               



             sworn.
I live in Rosemary-lane


, the window of my house was open the 23d of March, between eight and nine in the evening; I was sitting by the fire, I heard a noise in the chamber, I went to the back door, and saw a man in the street, with his face towards the window, I saw my window open which was fastened before; I left a friend to watch and went up stairs, and he cried out, here he is! I found my drawers open and the bed and bed clothes in the front garret, rolled up in the middle of the floor; I came down, and the prisoner was in hold by my friend, I took him in doors and searched him, I found nothing on him: there was great appearance of his having got in at the window; he did not slip into the house, the street door was never open: there is a back door that goes into Saltpetre-bank, I cannot say, whether that was open or shut in the day time.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   TUCKER
               



             sworn.
I stood to watch the window, and I saw the prisoner put out his leg, to come out of the window, he dropped, and I secured him.
Prisoner. I never was in the house, I was coming by; I never was a thief.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
