





397. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RICKARBY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th day of February
 last, three trusses of hay, value 5 s.
             the property of the Right Honorable 
               
                  James, Earl of Lonsdale





            .

(The case opened by the counsel for the prosecution.)


                  JOHN
                   MORRIS
               



             sworn.
I am watchman, stationed at Hill-street, Berkley-square, in Haye's Mews; on the 28th of February, as I was crying the hour of six, I saw 
               
                  Richard
                   Burchell
               



             putting some loose rubbish of hay on the top of his cart, which stood at Lord Lonsdale's stable-door; the hay came from the hay-loft; I saw it come out of the hay-loft; it was but just done loading; I did not see any body besides 
               
                  Richard
                   Burchell
               



            ; after I had gone my round, I came back, and the cart was just driving away from my Lord's stable door; I followed it till I came into John-street; I stopped the cart, and asked Burchell what he had in the cart; he told me some rubbishing hay; I examined the cart, and I found three trusses, besides a quantity of loose hay; I took him to the watch house, and kept him there till he went before the magistrate; it was the same day; I went about eleven to fetch the prisoner; he was my Lord's coachman; when they came before the magistrate, they asked Richard Burchell -
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. Was the examination before the Justice taken down in writing? - I did not observe.
Counsel for the prosecution. What passed? - He asked Richard Burchell where he had the hay from; the prisoner was present; Burchell said he bought it of the prisoner at the bar, and the prisoner owned that he did sell it.
Mr. Garrow. What did he say? - I cannot pretend to say the particular words he made use of.
What did Burchell say he gave for it? - Three shillings, and the prisoner said he only gave him one shilling for it, and that was a shilling's worth of halfpence; part of the hay is here; it is very good hay.
Mr. Garrow. You do not know whether it is Westmoreland hay or not? - I do not.
Before the Justice, this man said he bought all the hay of the prisoner? - Yes.
The prisoner denied it, and said he had only sold him the sweepings for a shilling, because he expected my Lord's waggon with hay in town? - He might say so.
Did not the prisoner give this account of it, that expecting some hay in my Lord's waggon, he had sold the sweepings of the loft, which was the perquisite of the coachman, and received a shilling's worth of halfpence for it? - I cannot recollect that he said so.
Burchell said first, he had nothing in the cart but rubbish? - Yes.
Then he said he bought all the hay of the prisoner? - Yes.
All that you saw put into the cart was a little rubbish? - Yes.
What did Burchell say he bought of the prisoner? - He said he had three trusses of hay.
Did the prisoner ever admit that he received three shillings for three trusses? - 
               
                  Richard
                   Burchell
               



             told me so; I did not see the coachman at all before he came before the magistrate.
Did he say before the Justice of Peace, that which I have stated to you many times over? - He might or might not say so; I cannot tell.


                  RICHARD
                   BURCHELL
               



             sworn.
Where was you on the morning of the 28th of February last? - In Hayes's Mews.
What did you get there? - Some rubbish.
What else? - There was some hay; I bought it as rubbish.
What do you call rubbish? - Some hay-bands and straw-bands.
What else was in the cart besides? - Three trusses of hay.
Where did you receive them from? - Lord Lonsdale's.
Who delivered them to you? - The prisoner; he was coachman, or something of that kind.
What did you give for them? - Three shillings.
For what did you give it? - For three trusses of hay, and the rubbish.

Mr. Garrow. Mr. Butchell, this was the 20th of February, I take it? - No.
When was it? - The last day of February.
You keep a horse of your own, I suppose? - Yes.
Then you know something of the price of hay? - I did not know it was good hay.
Then you bought it as rubbish? - Yes.
Perhaps you know whether in the service of noblemen, the sweepings and rubbish are the perquisite of the coachmen? - Not as I know of, I never received any.
The watchman asked you what you had got in the cart? - Yes.
What did you tell him? - Rubbish.
Not a word of the three trusses? - No.
So he was uncivil enough to take you into custody? - Yes.
And kept you safe in hold? - Yes.
Had you bought any hay lately before that? - Yes.
Then you know the price in Smithfield market and St. James's? - I did.
Did it bear any better price than one shilling a truss? - Yes, some I give two shillings a truss.
So this you bought for rubbish at one shilling? - Yes.
Was it tied? - Yes.
How much did you give this man for it? - Three shillings.
Did you pay him for it? - Yes, one shilling in half-pence, and two shillings in silver.
How come you to tell the watchman you had not got any in the cart? - I did not know but it was rubbish.
Why could not you have made it rubbish by untying it, and kicking it about a little? - I do not know.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I live with my Lord Lonsdale five years and upwards come October; I sold this man a shilling's-worth of hay bands; that was all I sold; I had no hay bind to sell.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
