





183. 
               
                  MARQUIS 
                  GRANBURY
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, three geese, value 7 s. one silk handkerchief, value 18 d. a shirt, value 3 s. a pair of breeches, value 18 d. a pair of stockings, value 9 d. a towel, value 2 d. and a bag, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Baker
                  




               
            .


                  DAVID
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I am a stage waggoner
; on Sunday night, the 7th of this month, I was robbed between six and ten; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; they were in a waggon at Belbar


; the prisoner rode in my waggon four days; I went to bed at six, I got up at ten at night, and I missed them about half an hour after I was up; he was pursued, and taken at Highgate; I saw him in custody.


                  WILLIAM
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
On Sunday night, about eleven, I saw the prisoner running behind a post chaise at Highgate, about thirty yards from the post chaise, with a bag on his head; he could not overtake the chaise; I asked him what he had in the bag; he said clothes, and was going to London, he said he came from York; I took him to the watch-house, and delivered him and the bag to the constable of the night.


                  JOHN
                   ODOMS
               



             sworn.
I am constable of the night; I took charge of the prisoner and the bag at the watch-house; the prisoner had the bag on his head, and laid it on the bench; I asked the prisoner how far he had brought that bag; he said he came from York; I told him it was a heavy bundle to carry from York on his back; he said he came great part of the way in a waggon; I asked him how far he came in the waggon with his bundle, for I apprehended by his discourse, being a foreigner, that he had carried it a considerable number of miles, but how far I could not make out; I asked him if he was a gentleman's servant
, he said he was; I asked him where his master lived; he said he had a country house in Yorkshire, but was come to town, and that his master had put his clothes to this waggon, and agreed for eight shillings to have the clothes broughtto London; I asked him again positively of what the bundle consisted, and he said clothes, his own clothes; then I asked him why he should take the bundle from the waggon, and give himself that unnecessary trouble to carry the bundle all the way to London; he said the reason was, he came a long way with the waggoner, and his money grew short, and the waggoner stopt often on the road, and it was very expensive stopping on the road, for they charged him sixpence for a little bit of bread and cheese; therefore he thought he could make his money hold out by leaving the waggon; I said, my friend, I must make free to see the contents of your bundle; and I took up the candle to see, and he got up as well as me, and went and untied the bundle himself; he took out a bundle, which he affirmed to be his own property; I next laid hold of a large cloth that was in the bundle, and I took it out; I opened it; I asked him whose that was, he said his master's; I told him it was a customary thing for a gentleman's linen to be marked; and asked whether he knew it by any mark; he made no answer for some time, then he said he did not know the cloth was marked at all; I said, you do; he said, no; I immediately took the cloth and opened it, and at one corner there is a blue D; he said he did not know it was there at all; I asked him what it was for; he said he frequently used it for wiping glasses; I asked him his name; he said Marquis of Granby, or some such like name; the bundle that he said was his own, had some clean shirts in it; and I asked him if they had any mark; he said they were, but he was no scholar; he did not say with what; I looked at them, and to the best of my knowledge, the shirts were marked M. C. I was not sure whether he said Crandy, or Granby; then by that mark answering, I thought he was an honest man; looking further into the bundle, I saw another tied up in a silk handkerchief; he said there was a jacket and a great coat; I did not examine it then, but he said there is a goose, I saw there was one, I let it lie; we put in the things into his bag, and tied them up, to examine him again in the morning, and discharge him; I asked him how he came by that goose; he said his master passed him on the road about forty miles from London in a diligence, and his master brought this goose, and told him to put it into the bottom of the sack, and put them in the waggon; I asked him if he knew London; he said not much, but he had been there; he said his master's name was one Lester's Esq; in Warwick-lane; he did not know where to find it; he said, his master promised to meet him at a new house, that was building for a public house, and there he would convey him to his own home: our suspicious were most on account of the great cloth; I went out and left him in the watch-house; I returned in about an hour, and the prosecutor had been there on horseback enquiring after a bundle; the next morning I saw the prosecutor; I detained the prisoner and the sack till the morning; I then took him to the Rotation-office, Clerkenwell-green, with the bundle; and the waggoner swore to the things.
(The things deposed to.)
(The beads of the geese produced.)
Prosecutor. There were three geese.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I took them when I was hungry.
Court to Prosecutor. What is the value of these things altogether? - About sixteen shillings.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
