





230. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     RAYMOND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of October
 last, seventy-two yards of bed ticking, value 6 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Ayres
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   AYRES
               



             sworn.
I only prove the property.


                  BETTY
                   HALFPENNY
               



             sworn.
I live with the prosecutor, I was coming down stairs, and I saw a man stand on the right hand window on the outside of the house, on the 9th of October, about two in the afternoon; I saw he was a strange man, and I saw him cut the cord, and put the piece of ticking on his shoulder; it is an open shop window, he took the tick on his shoulder, and I run after him, and cried stop thief! and he run into Winsley-street, and there he dropped it, I saw him drop it, and he was stopped by Mr. Blackstock who is here; he was never out of my sight from the time he put the tick on his shoulders till he was taken, I am sure of that; the tick was taken to the Justices and marked.


                  WILLIAM
                   BLACKSTOCK
               



             sworn.
I first saw the prisoner in Winsley-street, I heard the cry of stop thief! and several people running after him, he was coming up towards me, and I was going to secure him, and he doubled his fist at me, and said, damn you, stop me if you dare; I immediately knocked him down, and kept him till the people came up; he had nothing in his possession when I stopped him.
Prosecutor. The tick has been in my possession, it was given to me at the office, I am sure it is the same piece, it is marked.
Court. Where was it? - It was standing in the window, on the outside upon a bench, the glass is out of the window, and we cord them together carpets and tick.
How far does the board of the window project from the house? - About fifteen inches beyond the upright of the window.
Whereabout did this tick stand? - It stands upon the bench, and would be inside if the glass was in, but the glass is out.
What is the value of the piece of tick? - Six pounds.
Is that the selling price? - The selling price is more than that.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going up Oxford-road that morning with oysters, and coming back again, I stopped at the public house next to the prosecutor's shop, and there was a well dressed young man stood there, and asked me if I was busy, and he asked me to carry a parcel for him, and I told him I would, he went out and came back again, and called for a quartern of gin; says he, you may come now with me, and you may carry it, and he made believe as if he was going into the shop; says he, stop there, I can give it you on the outside, my master is not at home, and I am only foreman; I shall have a noise from my master, for I should have carried it before; at that time there came in two ladies, one in a riding habit, at the outside there stood a large chair, and he moved that, and whether he cut it or whether he untied it, I do not know, but he gave it me; now says he, you take this, and go and stop at the corner of Castle-street, and I will take it from you; I have been very bad since. I came to prison, and my mother came to see me, and she caught the distemper and died; my wife is bad at home now, I have nobody to send for any person.




               GUILTY. Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
