





242. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ATTERBURY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of January
 last, one piece of white baize containing forty-six yards, value 36 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bowerbank
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Hague
                  



               
            .


                  HENRY
                   BARRS
               



             sworn.
I am a cartman, I was employed to carry these goods, I delivered them safe, there were four pieces, and I had seven pieces returned, it was about six in the evening, as I was returning in the Minories


, the porter who was with me, says we are done, and I looked and saw a man taking a piece out of the cart, I saw the man while he was behind the cart with it, I saw the man run away, he took it in his arms, and put it upon his left shoulder, he crossed the street, and whether he dropped it on the pavement or in the kennel, I cannot say, but it rolled in the kennel, I pursued him, the porter took up the goods, and carried them to the cart, and I saw the prisoner taken before I left him again.

Was he ever out of your sight? - No, Sir, never.
Did you see him drop the goods? - Yes.
Mr. Silvester; Prisoner's Counsel. What o'clock was it? - About six, the moon shone very bright, I was upon the pavement, the prisoner came behind on the off-side of the cart, it was wrapped up in a tilt, I was on the near side, the prisoner was taken, and carried to the watch-house, and he was rescued.


                  JOHN
                   PARTRIDGE
               



             sworn.
I was with the cart, I saw the man take a piece out of the cart, and put it on his shoulder, and walk off with it, I was told by the carman, that he was taken directly after by the patrol; I took up the goods, I saw them drop off his shoulder, and I picked them up, I was close by him when he dropped them.
Did you see him stopped? - No, I did not, the carman saw him stopped.
What were the goods? - They are here, it was one piece of baize, and I directly put the goods in the cart, and took them home and delivered them to the warehouse-man, his name is Sexton.
Mr. Silvester. Then you saw some man take some goods, and then you took them, and put them in the cart? - Yes.
Court. Do you know the man by sight who took them? - Yes, I should know him.
Look round.
(The witness pointed to the wrong man, and said,
"To be sure I was wrong.)
Court. Look round again? - That is the man.
Mr. Silvester. How came you to pitch upon this young man? - He was laying down so, so I took him to be the man.


                  WILLIAM
                   BOX
               



             sworn.
I was one of the officers of the night, I took charge of the prisoner, it was the 10th of January, the man was brought before I got into the watch-house; one 
               
                  Solomon
                   Davis
               



             gave me charge of the prisoner, we tied him with strings round his arms, for fear he should get from us, and at the end of Basinghall-street, he was got from us; knives were drawn, and a gang met us, and cried d - n your eyes! come cut away, come cut away, and when he got away he turned round and said d - n your eyes, what do you want with me, there were three that rescued him, I am sure this is the same man, he was taken up about a fortnight afterwards, we had him in the watch-house with a light, I should know him from a thousand.
Mr. Silvester. Was it a moon light night? - I cannot pretend to say.
You had like to have got into disgrace about this? - Yes, there were two of us, Davis and I, Davis is a constable.
The ward suspected you had touched a little? - I believe they did.
But you are sure you did not? - Yes.


                  SOLOMON
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
When I came into the watch-house, the man was in the watch-house.
Who else was in the watch-house? - I cannot particularly say, there was one Mr. Budgen, a coachman, a carman, and a porter, we gave charge of the prisoner, he got away afterwards, that is the same man, I am sure of it.
Mr. Silvester. You was sworn upon the Old Testament, I hope? - Yes.
There were a great many people in the watch-house? - Yes, several.
Who brought this man in? - I cannot tell.
What are you? - A constable.
How many of you went towards the Compter? - 
               
                  William
                   Box
               



             and me.
What light had you in the watch-house? - Only one candle.


                  JOHN
                   DUNGEN
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol, there was a hue and cry of stop thief! and I took the prisoner into custody, to the watch-house.
Who gave you charge of him? - The carman and Mr. Birch, this is the carman, the prisoner is the same man I took to the watch-house.

Mr. Silvester. What kind of a night was it? - It must be dark.
Was it light? - I cannot positively say whether it was light or dark; I did not know him before.
Court. Do you recollect whether it was moon light? - No, I do not.
Mr. Bowerbank. The goods were brought back to my warehouse that night.
Was the piece delivered to you, that was said to be taken from the cart? - It was a piece of baize, it had a particular mark upon it, it is my property, I am clear of that.
Prisoner. I never was in this man's custody, I know none of them; I was apprehended by one Mr. Jealous walking along the street, and they sent these men, and they came and swore to me.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
