





162. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     AKENHEAD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th day of January
, two pounds weight of Hyson tea, value 10 s. and one China bason, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, privily in her shop
            .


                  ANN
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a single woman, I keep a tea shop
, in Marybone-lane


; I saw the prisoner come into my shop, I saw him stuff a pound of tea under his coat, and I found one pound of tea in his pocket, my property, and a China bason in his pocket, he submitted to be searched, I had no assistance; I asked him what he was doing, and he said, nothing; he pretended to be foolish, he said, he wanted a halfpenny worth of Spanish-liquorish; I asked him what he had in his pocket, he said, nothing, I put my hand in his pocket, and I told him he had my property; I know the bason very well, I have had it four year, it is cracked in many places, I took hold of his pocket he tried to push me down twice, he went to try to open the door to let himself out, and locked himself in; I went out and locked him in, and cried thief! when I came in, and the people came in, he was attempting to get over the wall, and he was taken.
Prisoner. I did not pretend to act foolish, I was going past the shop, and went in, and nobody came, and there was two pounds of tea, and I took hold of one, and I had no money I did not touch the bason.
Court to Prisoner. Have you any parents? - Only a mother, and she is married again, I live in the milk business.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
