






538. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER 
                     TRUSTY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HOWARD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               that they, on the 16th of July
 last, with force and arms, feloniously did assault 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Halse
                        




                     
                   on the King's highway, with a certain offensive instrument, called a pistol, which the said 
                     
                        Christopher
                         Trusty
                     



                  , then and there had and held in his right hand, with a felonious intent to rob him, the said John
            .


                  JOHN
                   HALSE
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Carr, Oxford-road, I was coming from Woodford last Wednesday se'nnight, I do not know the day of the month, I cannot read or write, between Kingsland


 and Ball's-pond


 I met the two prisoners, and I met with three gentlemen belonging to Bow-street, I asked them to ride, they said, no, they were upon other business; and they said, my lad, we are afraid you will get stopped presently, and if you should, call out to us, I had not left them above three minutes, before I was stopped by three men, two of whom were the prisoners, the prisoners never were out of my sight, the other man got away over the hedge; when they stopped me I halloo'd out, and one of them said, if you halloo out any more, I will blow your brains out; I halloo'd out, the other three men heard me, and came to my assistance.
Did you see any thing in either of their hands? - I cannot say.
Had they any instrument of any kind? - I cannot swear that they had.
Did they rob you of any thing? - No.
What time was this? - A little before.
Court to Prosecutor. When you was first stopped, what did they say? - Damn you, stop, and upon my hallooing out, they said, if you halloo out any more I will blow your brains out.
Before you halloo'd did they say anything? - They only said, stop.
Can you swear that they had any thing in their hands? - I cannot.
You will not undertake to swear that they had a pistol or any other weapon? - No.
Prisoners. Ask him, whether we meant to rob him or no, we were in liquor, we had been at the New-river to wash, and we asked him to give us a cast? - I am very sure they did not stop me to ask me to ride, they burst out of the hedge all at once upon me.


                  JAMES
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
I am captain of the patrol; on the night of the 16th of July, Wednesday, as I was coming between Kingsland and Ball's-pond turnpike, a return chaise came, and the driver asked me if I would ride, I said, I did not chuse it; I told him my business was of another nature, that it was not to ride, I bid him go on forward, and if anybody should attempt to stop him, he was to call to us, and we would come to his assistance, I bade him not to go too fast, he had not got out of sight, that might be the distance of three hundred yards, when 
               
                  Hugh
                   O'Donnell
               



             said, the chaise stops, and the boy calls, and then I heard him, Donnell and I run up, and he got between the chaise and the bank, and he says, Mr. Allen, take this man, that was 
               
                  Christopher
                   Trusty
               



            , the prisoner then turned round to the chaise with a pistol in his hand, which he then had in his hand, and finding he could not escape me, he turned back, he held his pistol to the chaise, I had my hanger in my hand, and I told him, if he offered to draw the trigger of the pistol, and did not drop the pistol, I would cut his arm off, he then dropped his hand down by his side, and I with my left hand took hold of the pistol, and took it out of his hand, and then took him and searched him, and I found nothing more on him, but at the time I first took hold of him, he had this yellow silk handkerchief about his face, as high as his eyes, he pulled it down about his neck, I believe the moon was not risen, but near rising, it was light, and I could see half the distance from one turnpike to another, the pistol was loaded above the muzzle, with pebble stones, the prisoners were both within sight.


                  HUGH
                   O'DONNEL
               



             sworn.
I believe it was this night was fortnight, the 16th day of the month, that we were coming between Kingsland and Ball's-pond, it was nearly upon twelve o'clock, we met with a return chaise, and the man said, gentlemen, if you chuse to ride you are welcome, we bid him drive on gently, and we would follow, and if anybody stopped him, to call out, and soon after I heard him call out, we run, I was first, the two prisoners were facing the road, I told the man that was next me, that if he attempted to get over the ditch, I would blow his brains out, I took Howard, one got off, I am sure of the prisoners; Trusty had the pistol in his hand.
PRISONER TRUSTY's DEFENCE.
We were belated coming into town, and we met with this post chaise, and asked him to stop, and before we came nigh him, we were a matter of twenty yards a head, he began to halloo out, and some men came up and laid hold of us.
PRISONER HOWARD's DEFENCE.
We were coming to town, and met a post chaise, and told him to stop, he said, he was going to Oxford-road, we said, it was the wrong way, we were going another road, and the people came up and took hold of us.
The prisoners called each three witnesses who gave them a good character.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   TRUSTY
               



            , 
               
                  THOMAS
                   HOWARD
               



            .



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
