





284. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COX
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of February
, two hundred pounds weight of lead, value 25 s. belonging to our Sovereign Lord 
                     
the King




                  , then and there affixed to a certain building of our said Lord the King
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  THOMAS
                   OSBORNE
               



             sworn.
My brother is one of the water bailiffs; on the 6th of February I was at Hampton, on shore at ten at night; I went in a boat with two fishermen, and this boat was dropped from the place where it was in a creek; the fisherman said that boat is upon no good; I informed my brother that there was a boat that was on no good; he desired me to go and see when it was gone; accordingly the two fishermen and me went to see if we could see her; we could not discern whether it was gone or not, it was so dark, we followed the boat, and at nine we were at Hampton-court bridge; and we thought we heard something on the other side of the water; we stood on the side of the shore, and my brother on the other; they called out, and the man in the boat called to him; we came up to the boat opposite the place where the lead was stolen, at Hampton-court park; there were three in the boat; the boat was on shore there; my brother went first into the boat, and spoke to the man; the man at the head of the boat said, what is the matter? my brother said, we are come to see if you have any unlawful netts, or have been a swan stealing; one of the men said, you are welcome to search; we searched and found nothing; the man on the head of the boat, offered to come on shore, and stepped into the Thames; I asked him to let me take hold of his hand; my brother said, there is no name in the boat; one of the other evidences that was with us said, you have been flying the blue pigeon finely; says I, the first man that offers to make his escape, I will shoot him, or that makes any resistance; he ran back to the head of the boat; says he, you shoot, and I will run; we took the prisoner; and he called to his companions to come back, and not run like cowards, but sight like men; there was lead in the boat, a ladder, two saws, and a chissel; the constable had the lead;then the prisoner snatched a gun unawares to any of us, and said, now, d - n your eyes, I will shoot you; my brother seized him directly, Ellis and Jefferies, two fishermen, watched the lead all night; there was found in the boat, a bag with three balls, a heavy charge of shot, two flints, and a cask of powder; it was locked up in a place.


                  Robert
                   Osborne
               



             and 
               
                  Robert
                   Ellis
               



            , watched the boat, and saw the prisoner run away, and found the lead and things in the boat as before mentioned.


                  Peter
                   Hardy
               



            , the constable, took charge of the prisoner and the property.


                  GEORGE
                   PARKINSON
               



             sworn.
I am a plumber; I matched this lead, and it fitted exactly.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I saw some watermen in a boat that I knew, and I went to them, and these gentlemen came on board and threatened to shoot me; I took up the gun in own defence.
Jury. What kind of a boat was it? - A boat that carrys parcels.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
