







350. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 21st day of March

 last, one piece of woollen stuff called tammy, of the length of 39 yards, value 30 s. the property of Messrs.



                        Robinson
                     


                   and 
                     
                        Hotham
                     


                  , privily in their warehouse
            ;
And 
               
                  JOHN DAVIS

               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same knowing it to be stolen
            .
- HOTHAM sworn.
Jones lived as porter
 with us; on the 21st of March, between four and five, I saw a piece of goods which Nicholls brought me, which I marked; I suspected the prisoner for some time; the piece of goods was put in the place where he told me it was secreted; it was a place under the press, confined to rubbish entirely; I desired every one in the house to take notice where this piece of goods was; I desired the prisoner might be particularly watched, not only so, but I desired a gentleman to watch on the outside of the door in the morning.


                  JOHN
                   NICHOLLS
               



             sworn.
I live with Messrs. Hotham and Robinson; I remember carrying a piece of goods to Mr. Hotham on the 21st of March, which he marked; I found on the 21st of March about five in the afternoon, that it was not in the proper place for it, it was a piece of my master's goods.
Have you any knowledge who put it there? - Yes; I saw the prisoner Jones putting something there, and I went and looked and found the piece there.
Where was the piece? - On a shelf in the shop, about as far as I am from you; I took it to the prosecutor, and he marked it in my presence; I took notice of the mark he put upon it which was the letter (H,) I then took it and put it in the place where I found it.
Do you know of your own knowledge what became of it afterwards? - I looked the last thing that night; I locked the door and saw it was there; I saw a man I did not know, and 
               
                  David
                   Jones
               



             following him; 
               
                  David
                   Jones
               



             opened the warehouse first, it was a few minutes after I came down; I went and looked, and the piece was gone.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. What part of the counter did you see these goods on? - Almost at the further end of the warehouse, furthest from the street, under a press in a large hole, where there is nothing but lumber.
Is that part of the warehouse a good deal frequented by the persons in your trade? - Yes; by our own people.
Did not you recommend to Mr. Hotham or his partner to lay some plan, which I call some trap, and this particular plan to put this piece of goods under the counter? - No, by no means.
Recollect? - I do not know whether Mr. Hotham bid me put it, or that I recommended it.
Where were these goods taken from before they were put under the counter? - Out of a hole, a partition of about five or six yards from the place, and it was found by me under the press.
At the time you found it there you suspected it to be put there for the purpose of being taken away by Jones? - Yes.
Was it put there again for the purpose of being taken away by him? - It was put there to see what he would do with it; we expected it would be carried away by him; it was certainly put there to see whether he would carry it away.
How long have you lived with Mr. Hotham? - Five years.
How long did Jones live there? - About four years.
Upon what terms have you lived together? - We have always lived on very friendly terms, only sometimes we quarrelled.
Have those quarrels ever proceeded to blows? - No; only once he told me he would tear my heart out; there was no grudge between us at the time because we were upon friendly terms, but I shall always do the best I can for my employers.
How long is it ago since he gave you blows? - He never did give me blows.

Where was that quarrel? - In the kitchen.
Was any persons present? - Several; the cook and some of our men.


                  THOMAS
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I was requested to keep a look out, and on Wednesday morning I was in Grace-church-street before Mr. Hotham's warehouse was open; I saw the porter open the warehouse; a little time afterwards, I saw a man come from the door with a parcel; there is a court very near the warehouse; the man turned up the court, and I followed him; in that court there are several turnings different ways, and he escaped me; from the description I gave of his person it was supposed to be Davis; I went with the officer and Mr. Robinson, as soon as I saw Davis, I said it was him.
Was it him? - I never was nearer him than fifteen yards, he was in the same dress, to the best of my knowledge it was him; I was present when the goods were found; they were found in Davis's apartments in a box near the fire.
Was the box locked or open? - I do not know.
How did you know the apartment you searched was Davis's? - I did not know they were his, the constable directed me to them; Davis was present in the apartment; he said he had bought the goods of some person, but I do not know who; he looked out a great many bills of parcels, but did not find the particular one that contained these goods; there were two pieces of goods found there.
Did he say he bought those pieces of goods before or after they were found? - After they were found.
Mr. Keys, Prisoner Davis's counsel. You do not pretend to any knowledge of the prisoner Davis? - I saw him when we searched that apartment.
You do not mean to be understood that he was the man that came out of the house? - I believe he is the man.
Did you examine the bills of parcels? - No.


                  EDWARD
                   RIGBY
               



             sworn.
I found these things in Davis's apartments in a box, the box was not locked; we found these two pieces, they said they had nothing more than their own; he said he would produce the bill before the Lord Mayor; he and his wife were in the room, he kept the bills of parcels in his possession, the pieces have been in my possession locked up at Guildhall.
Prosecutor. This piece of goods is the very piece I marked, it was put in a fresh paper, I opened the paper and put my mark on the body of the piece.
Court. Let me look at the mark? - (handed up.)
Prosecutor. This is a tammy; when I found this tammy was gone, I took from the prisoner 
               
                  Jones
               


             a pocket book, and the first thing I found in it, was a direction to 
               
                  John
                   Davis
               



            , in consequence of which I sent for a search warrant.
Mr. Garrow. How many persons were up before 
               
                  Jones
               


             that morning? - I dare say he was the person first up.
Nicholls. The footman was up before Jones.
Prosecutor. Jones had the keys from me.
PRISONER JONES'S DEFENCE.
The footman was up before me and opened the warehouse door; when I came down, the warehouse door was opened, I went and asked for the key of the partition, he said he forgot to bring it down; I went and brought it down; I over slept myself that morning later than any other since I have been in the house.
PRISONER DAVIS'S DEFENCE.
I dealt in these things, and paid a great many hundreds in these thin gs; I had been selling a stock; there are people in court that can prove it, and some that will give me a good character.
The prisoner Jones called twelve witnesses who gave him a very good character.

The prisoner Davis called three witnesses who gave him a good character.


                  DAVID
                   JONES
               



            , 


               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  JOHN
                   DAVIS
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
