





206. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MOORE, otherwise 
RANSMORE




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Long
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night, on the 27th of December
, and burglariously stealing therein, one cotton gown, value 4 s. one linen gown, value 4 s. one cloth coat, value 15 s. one waistcoat, value 2 s. two black silk mode cloaks, value 10 s. two coverlids, value 2 s. two blankets, value 5 s. three sheets, value 5 s. one linen apron, value 2 s. and two frocks, value 5 s. his property
            .



                  JOHN
                   LONG
               



             sworn.
I live in White-cross-street


, my house was broke open on Monday the 27th of December, I was out, I went out at half after four, I locked the door and left nobody at home, I am quite clear it was locked; I came home about half after eight, when I went in, I found the door open, and the drawers and the bed stripped, and some things out of a box that was up stairs; I saw the prisoner on the Wednesday following, before Justice Blackborough.


                  ALEXANDER
                   MARTIN
               



             sworn.
I was at my master's a merry making, on the 27th of December, and the thieves came running through Play-house-yard, we met three men, one of which was the prisoner, with a great bag on his shoulders, to the best of my knowledge, I think it was him, I saw my shopmate lay hold of him, he was never lost, I picked up a a bundle close to the heels of the man, that had it before, and that was the same man to the best of my knowledge, I saw the prisoner come along Play-house-yard, with the bundle on his shoulder.
Did Robinson lay hold of the same man that had the bundle? - Yes, I took the bundle, and put it into a chandler's shop, then it was taken to the Justices, and Mr. Wyer had it.


                  JAMES
                   ROBINSON
               



             sworn.
Going through Playhouse-yard, we met the prisoner and two more, each of them had a bundle, and I catched the prisoner by the collar, he immediately dropped the bag, and my shopmate picked it up, it was the same bundle, he was taken before the Magistrate.


                  DOUGLASS
                   WYER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I took charge of the prisoner from the last witness.


                  ANN
                   LOUGH
               



             sworn.
(Deposed to the things.)
One of the black cloaks I know particularly, by having a little darn of my own darning, I am quite sure of it; the other is my sister's, she left her black cloak with me on the Sunday night; this frock I know, it is one of my children's; and this white frock I know, and the two gowns, I have the patterns in my pocket of them; I have no doubt of the blankets.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I was going down Playhouse-yard, two men dropped a bundle down, and they came and took me; I did not come home that night at all.
Court to Prosecutor. Was it light or dark? - It was not dark.
What may be the value of these things that are found? - I cannot say, about fifty shillings.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s. but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
