






277. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of February
, one printed cotton gown and coat, value 10 s. one silk gown, value 10 s. a cotton gown, value 15 s. a petticoat, value 15 s. five shifts, value 10 s. two muslin aprons, value 9 s. five other aprons, value 10 s. two pair of pockets, value 8 d. a pair of dimity ditto, value 6 d. seven pair of cotton stockings, value 5 s. one pair of thread ditto, value 1 s. a pair of silk ditto, value 2 s. two handkerchiefs, value 4 s. a shawl, value 8 s. thirteen yards of printed cotton, value 37 s. and four aprons, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Kirby
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   KIRBY
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday the 7th of February, at seven at night, I went to the George and Gate, in Gracechurch-street


; I went into the house with the coachman, and left my box in the boot of the coach; the man in whose care the box was left, cried out, stop thief! and said, some of the coaches was robbed, and it proved to be the coach my things were left in. (The box produced, and the contents enumerated.) I put them in my box between eleven and twelve, before I left my place, and I examined it after it was found, and every thing was right, nothing was missing; as soon as the prisoner was brought in, and knew me, he begged for mercy.
- PAYNE sworn.
I am the coachman; I brought the lady from Croydon; this is the box I put in the boot; the prisoner was brought into the house by How the constable.


                  JOSEPH
                   NOVELL
               



             sworn.
I look after the stages, as they come in; the coachman says, do not leave my coach, for I have got a box; I was asked by somebody, where the Camberwell coach was? I said it was the third coach off; I turned about, and saw the prisoner with two others; and I saw the prisoner take the box out of the boot of the Croydon coach, and him and another were carrying it away; I cried out, stop thief!
Was he out of your sight? - Yes, my Lord, but I am sure he is the man; I saw his face by the light of the Apothecary's shop.


                  WILLIAM
                   HOW
               



             sworn.
I am the constable. On the 7th of February, I met the prisoner at the end of Gracechurch-street, and hearing the cry out, stop thief! the prisoner tried to trip up my heels, but I was too heavy for him, and I secured him, and took him to the Compter.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of the matter; but being running, the constable laid hold of me.
The prisoner called seven witnesses, who all gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
