





101. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BOWEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Bowen
                        



                     
                   between the hours of two and five in the afternoon, on the 26th of November
 last, no person being therein, and feloniously stealing one silver watch, value 30 s. one steel chain, value 6 d. one silver seal, value 12 d. two cotton gowns, value 12 s. two linnen gowns, value 10 s. one black crept gown, value 10 s. six check linen aprons, value 6 s. five white linen-aprons, value 10 s. two pair of stockings, value 10 s. one, black silk cloak, value 10 s. one scarlet cloth cardinal, value 10 s. one dimity petticoat, value 3 s. two stuff petticoats, value 10 s. five caps, with laced borders, value 6 s. one yard of stuff, value 2 s. and one linen napkin value 18 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Price
                        



                     
                  , widow

.
A second count for stealing the same goods in the same dwelling house, omitting the breaking and entering.


                  MARY
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I live in Mr. 
               
                  Henry
                   Bowen
               



            's house, in Somers-street, in Cold-bath-fields


: Mrs. Bowen is the prisoner's mother: on the 26th of November, I went out about seven o'clock in the morning, I left the landlady in the house, and every body that lives in the house, I staid till almost ten o'clock; when I came home, I went to unlock my door, and found it open: I lodge up two pair of stairs, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, the prisoner confessed, on the 27th of November, when he was taken up, that he sold the clothes for a guinea and an half, I urged him to tell me: I told him I would not trouble him if he would confess, but he never would tell where they were, nor what was become of the watch; he came up the next morning that I made the alarm, and I told him I had lost my keys of my trunk, and he bid me look upon the bed under the things, and there I found them.


                  RICHARD
                   HANWIN
               



             sworn.
The prisoner sent for me on the 26th of November, at seven o'clock at night, out of my work which was in Hare-street, Cold-bath Fields, and when I came over there, he gave me five shillings for some clothes that his master bought of me, a coat and waistcoat, and he asked me to drink, and then he gave me a watch to keep for him till morning, he said he was afraid of losing it, I gave him the watch again, it was a white watch, I cannot be positive whether it was silver, and a white seal, and a steel chain, or an iron one.
Mrs. Price. Mine was a silver case, inside and outside, and a small silver seal.


                  JOHNATHAN
                   REDGRAVE
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner on an information, and took him before the magistrate: at first he totally denied any knowledge of the robbery, and we asked him whether if the person was brought that he gave the watch to he would deny it then, he said, there was no such person, then we brought the last witness, and he told the prisoner to his face, that he did deliver such a watch to him, and described it, and the prisoner seemed angry with him for acknowledging it: then he altered his mind, and said he was the person that did commit the robbery, and that he had sold the things to one Mr. Woolley, that keeps an old iron shop, for a guinea and an half, and half a crown, and the watch he had left with a man, but had not sold it; we went immediately and searched the man's house, but could not find the things; we brought the man before the magistrate; then the prisoner denied the man, he said, he was not the man; he then cried and said, what a fool and villain am I to myself, this is the man I sold the things to.


                  JOHN
                   DINMORE
               



             sworn.
What Redgrave has said, is what passed before the magistrate, word for word.


                  RICHARD
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I had the prisoner in custody, and during that time they went out and left him with me, he told me he sold the watch to a man in Mutton-lane, and the man was brought before the magistrate, and then he denied that was the man, and when he was taken to gaol he said it was.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
They took me to the publick house and gave me some beer, and they persuaded me to say things that I did not know off the next morning.
Court. Was he sober? - Yes.
Court to Prosecutrix. What was the value of the things you lost? - I dare say ten or twelve pounds, they were almost all new things, he took all but what I had on when I was at my labour, and has entirely ruined me.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 30 s. but not of breaking and entering
            .
Court to Prisoner. You have been, I am informed, capitally convicted three sessions ago, and you have now had a very narrow escape indeed: if you come here a third time, in all probability it will be the last time you will ever come here at all.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
