





258. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ONSLOW
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     

                              George 
                              Seddon
                           



                         the elder



                  , 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Seddon
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     

                              George 
                              Seddon
                           



                         the younger



                  , about the hour of six in the night, on the 20th of January
, and burglariously stealing therein one looking-glass in a mahogany frame, value 4 s. their property
            .
GEORGE SEDDON, jun. sworn.
On the 20th of January this looking-glass was put into the window, marked, in order to find out the thief; we had lost several things; I knew nothing of the robbery till the prisoner was brought to my compting-house.


                  RICHARD
                   GARRARD
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner open the door, and put his hand into the shop, and take the glass out of the window; I was at the farther end of the shop; I hallooed, stop thief! as loud as I could; and when the prisoner got a few yards from the door I saw him throw the glass in the street, I ran after him, and never lost sight of him till he was taken; I am sure he is the man that took the glass; there was a man that was set there to watch, but he saw nothing of it, I was watching also.
What state was the door in? - The door of a night is generally on the spring, we have a spring and a catch.
Then the door was shut to without being catched? - I will not say whether it was catched or not; I believe the spring was not let loose that night; it was shut to.
Had the door any fastening at all? - There is a catch and a spring, when the spring goes it will not open without somebody comes to open it for them.
Do you know of your own knowledge, whether it was catched or no? - I cannot say whether it was catched or not; but I know if anybody goes out of the shop the door will catch.
How came you to watch in the shop? - Because we had lost so many things, and we set the glass there to catch the thief.
Then, if the spring had not been let go they could come in to take the glass? - I suppose it was the mistake of the porter not shutting the shop.
Did you know that the porter had committed that mistake then? - Yes, I knew that the door was left in that manner to see if any body would come in.
Then it was not the mistake of the porter; now, perhaps, you thought it more likely that somebody would come if the door was shut and not latched? - I believe it was latched, because if any body goes out, it will catch, but I cannot say whether any body had gone out, or whether it was latched.



                  EDWARD
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Seddon; on the complaint of the clerk of repeatedly losing things, this scheme was formed for detection; this evening a person was secreted in the front shop, and I took upon me to watch out of the door on the opposite side of the way; after waiting about three quarters of an hour, this prisoner, in company with others, came and walked to and fro for some time, and then they looked into the shop to see in what state the clerks were; after walking backwards and forwards, I suppose ten minutes, that young man went on the steps, laid on his side again the door, and whether the door was open or not, I will not say; but he went in, he returned with the glass in his hand; I met him at the last step of the door, I endeavoured to stop him, he took to his heels, I pursued him instantly; he dropped the glass, I followed him some time after, but not long enough to lay hold of him, he was never out of my sight.


                  ALEXANDER
                   ELMSLEY
               



             sworn.
I only took up the glass.


                  FRANCIS
                   PHIPPS
               



             sworn.
I am the constable; I was sent for by Mr. Seddon to take charge of this man with the glass; I took charge of him, and searched his pockets, and found this hooked wire in his pockets; I have the glass.
Court to Jones. Is the glass that the constable has got the same that you stopped, and that the prisoner had? - Yes.
Is that your master's property - I cannot answer for that.
A. Elmsley. I marked the glass.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going by at this time, I was about twenty yards off, and a man came, and knocked me down with his stick, and brought me to the shop, I am as innocent as you are yourself.




               GUILTY Of stealing, not of the burglary
            .
Court to Prisoner. Though the circumstances of the evidence have enabled the Jury to spare your life, yet the case is attended with circumstances that make it the duty of the Court to pass as severe a sentence upon you as the verdict of the Jury will warrant; because it is perfectly clear that you were with a gang of other people, and from the instrument that has been produced, there seems to be no sort of doubt of the purpose for which you were connected together; you appear therefore to have taken this trade of shop-breaking, and drawing things out of shop windows; it is high time this practice should be stopped; the Court will allow you the benefit of your clergy; the verdict of the Jury entitles you to that: The sentence of the Court is, that you be




               Transported beyond the seas for the term of seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
