





372. 
               
                  
                     MATHEW 
                     MARKS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of January
 last, two iron kitchen ranges, value 5 l. two Bath stoves, value 40 s. three iron grates, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harcourt
                  




               
            , Esq.




                  JOHN
                   CROSS
               



             sworn.
I am a smith, I live in the parish of St. George, Hanover Square; about the latter end of December, the prisoner came to me, and told me his master had made him a present of an old Bath stove, and desired me to look at it; accordingly I went into Hanover Square, to the prosecutor's house, and there was a stove without a back to it; he desired me to carry it home, and he put it on my shoulder, he told me not to mind the money till he called; when I came about a hundred yards off the house, he followed me, and said there is another stove, I forgot to tell you of, says I, if there is, I will send my man for it; I sent my man, and he brought it, there were more things that my man knows of; I was at the shop when he brought it: on the 1st of January he came to me, to the King and Queen, in Oxford-street, and brought a memorandum of these things, which he read to me, it contained three Bath stoves and two grates, and four small fixed grates, he had valued them at five pounds; he made an agreement with me, that I was to give him five pounds for them; I told him that I could not conveniently pay him for them then, but he did not ask me for the money; and on the Tuesday following he came to me, and said, I am going with my master to Essex, and I shall not be in town for two months, take no account of those things till my return; he was then Mr. Harcourt's servant, I knew him to be such, as I work for Mr. Harcourt.
When were these grates found at your house? - On the Tuesday following, I had a message from Mr. Harcourt.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Council. Is it your usual practice to purchase the property of masters, when brought by the servants? - No Sir.
I hope not, it is not a practice this Court will approve.


                  JOHN
                   SKINNER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Cross; my master ordered me to go to the prosecutor's house, and the prisoner was there, and he shewed me the things that I was to fetch, which were two Bath stoves, and two grates, and four little grates set in brick work; the prisoner helped me to unset them, they were two kitchen grates.
Were they fixed? - Yes, they were all fixed, but the Bath stoves were not fixed.
Are you sure of that? - Yes.

Are you clear in that? - I am clear in that, that they were never fixed.
- HARCOURT, Esq; sworn.
This was an empty house, that my Lord Townsend had gone out of, at the corner next to George-street, and the prisoner had the key to shew it to any body; that occasioned the opportunity of disposing of these things; and these things were gone.
Were these things there? - They certainly were.
Were the Bath stoves fixed or not fixed?
They were slipped in nicely, but without any work, I believe they fitted so nicely they were put in; the kitchen ranges must have taken a great while to have got down, for I suppose they weigh one of them fifteen hundred weight.
Were these things yours? - Yes.
How long had this man lived with you? - About three years.
Mr. Garrow. I will take the liberty of asking you, Sir, whether this is your freehold house or not? - It is not.
You have a leasehold interest in it? - Yes.
Were these fixtures originally in the house, or did you put them in? - I bought the Bath stoves of the gentleman, when he went out of it, as fixtures.
It is usual in these Bath stoves, which are fitted to the chimnies, to make them flush with the chimney by plaster, so that the ashes and coals should not get under the grate? - I apprehend the masons work, what they call the free stone, was fitted so nicely to it, as to prevent the necessity of it, but Skinner can tell you.
Mr. Garrow to Skinner. Was that back fastened to the chimney? - Not fastened at all.
Is not it fitted up with plaster? - I am sure it is not.
Was it a chimney in which there was free-stone on the si des? - The back of the chimney was free-stone.
What were the sides? - Stone blacked.
Jury. Was there not upon the back of the grate, a finish up with brick and plaster? - No Sir.
Prosecutor. I can account for that, for the lady who had the house, and had these grates put up, was particularly nice in that respect to have the backs made with freestone, and the backs exactly to fit.
Jury. I should presume that the grate was first fixed before the free-stone.
Prosecutor. There was an uncommon large back made against the free-stone, so as to make it as neat as possible.
Mr. Garrow. Will you do me the honour to attend to me one minute; in the case of the particular stone that you speak of, as having a large back; do not you apprehend that the stove was first put in? - Upon my word I do apprehend, that the stove was so contrived, as to fit as nice as possible, and pushed in after the masons work was all set.
Mr. Garrow to Skinner. In taking out these stoves, did you make any dirt or rubbish? - No farther than the foot that fell down the chimney.
Prosecutor. It sometimes happens, that they fix the free-stone upon the hob, as it is called, which I apprehend was not the case here, because they must have broke off the free-stone to take it away.
Prisoner. I leave it to my council.
Mr. Garrow to Prosecutor. I take the liberty of asking you, what was this young man's character before? - For about three years before this, I thought him honest.
You thought him always honest, till this unfortunate temptation and your smith concurred to make him otherwise? - Yes.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a very good character.




               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Jury. My Lord we wish to recommend him to mercy on account of his character.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
