





362. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MACDONALD
               



             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hayton
                        




                     
                  , on the 18th of April
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing two pewter dishes, value 3 s. two dozen of water plates, value 18 s. two pewter cullendars, value 3 s. two copper tea kettles, value 5 s. and two copper saucepans, value 5 s.
             the property of the said Thomas.
The indictment was opened by Mr. Garrow and Mr. Knowlys.


                  THOMAS
                   HAYTON
               



             sworn.
I keep the three jolly weavers, Bethnell-green-road




; my house was broke open on Friday night, the 18th of April; I was last up, I made every thing fast and secure, all the doors and windows, and found them all secure that were below stairs; I went to bed about a quarter after twelve, and got up about five in the morning.
How did you find your house when you got up? - The front of the house was all secure, as I left it at night, I went into the kitchen with intention to open it, and found the sash up about six inches from the sill.
What do you call the fill? - The bottom part that the sash rests upon; I put it down close when I went to bed.
Upon your oath, was that sash secured over night? - I know it was positively; I went with intention to unbolt the shutter and found it had been forced open; it was bolted over night, about two inches below the bottom rail of the sash.
How do you suppose that the shutter had been opened? - Either by an iron chissel or crow, by taking four or five different purchases on the outside; there were four impressions of some instruments.
To get at the window, the shutter must have been opened? - Yes, they could not get the bolt off; they broke the lining of the sash out; I opened the bank door, I found that fast as I left it; the garden pots that stood on the inside of the window were taken off, and set upon the ground in the yard, close to the back door; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; I know nothing of the taking of the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   DAVENHILL
               



             sworn.
I am a gardener; I live at the back of the prosecutor's house.
Do you remember the day his house was broke open? - Yes, I was in the house between nine and ten o'clock that night, I had been at work for him; I went home and went to bed; I live about twenty or thirty yards from his house; a little before one o'clock, I had occasion to get up, I went into the necessary, I heard a rumbling noise and thumping, as if they were breaking into some place; the noise seemedto come from the prosecutor's house; there is no other house between his and mine; I heard two or three tongues; but I could not tell who they were; I did not know but it might be some of his servants.
JOHN HAYCOCK sworn.
I am a plaisteror; upon the 19th of April I got up at four o'clock in the morning, to go to my business.
What day of the week was it? - Saturday, the morning the house was broke open; it might be twenty minutes after four; I saw the prisoner and two more close to my house, which is about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's; he was loaded; he had a couple of large ten kettles and two saucepans; I suspected him, and stopped him; I said, he had something that was not his own; he grumbled something, what is that to you? or some such thing; I caught hold of him, he dropped the bag; his two accomplices immediately ran away; and then he broke from me.
How long had you hold of him? - Not a minute.
From the observation you took of him, are you sure the prisoner is the man? - I am.
Had you known him before? - I never saw him before to my knowledge.
Are you certain he is the person? - Yes.
He got away from you upon that occasion? - Yes, and left the property behind him.
The property was produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I don't know any thing at all about it.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods; but not guilty of burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


