





93. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     PEARSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, two glass salt holders, in metal frames, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wrathall
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   WRATHALL
               



             sworn.
I lost two salt holders from out of a parlour adjoining my shop, on Tuesday night, the 1st of December; I did not see the prisoner take it.


                  THOMAS
                   WALTER
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to the prosecutor: the prisoner was painting in this little parlour, on Tuesday the 1st of December: I was sent down to the parlour; I staid with him a good while, and saw him open a cupboard door, and he took out a pair of salts, and shewed me; I did not speak a word; I was rather frightened; he put them in again; he asked me several times to draw him some beer; at last I pretended to go, and instead of going I watched him; and I saw him take a pair of steps, and get up,and take a pair of salts; I cannot say what he did with them; then I drew some small beer, and brought it up, and took no notice; then I went up immediately, and told my mistress, and my master was sent for: the prisoner went out after he had done his work; he staid to finish painting the parlour; this was about eleven at night; I did not attempt to stop him; I did not look to see if the salt cellars were there.


                  SAMUEL
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable: I was sent for about half past eleven, to take charge of the prisoner; I found these salt holders upon him; he was in the prosecutor's parlour; in one pocket I found one, and in the other, the other; they have been in my custody ever since; he was begging for mercy.
(Deposed to.)
Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
