







                  
                     MARY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  , otherwise 
EADEY




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of March
 last, one black silk gown, value 12 s. one linen gown, value 8 s. one Marcello petticoat, value 8 s. one black silk petticoat, value 5 s. one pair of lace robbins, value 2 s. one linen shift, value 1 s. one pair of cotton stockings, value 1 s. two muslin handkerchiefs, value 3 s. and one cloth waistcoat, value 2 s.
             the goods and chattles of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Chiddey
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   CHIDDEY
               



             sworn.
On the 25th of March, I lost all I had in my box, which was at 
               
                  Sarah
                   Wilson
               



            's house, and she saw my box the 21st of February, I had not seen it for three weeks before, I was in the hospital laying in; when I returned I found an empty box; my box was locked, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, and several other things, some of them are found again, they are to be produced by the persons that brought them.


                  ELIZABETH
                   HAYWOOD
               



             sworn.
Here is a black silk petticoat, and a linen gown, and a white Marcello petticoat I bought of the prisoner, I never saw her before; I think she is the woman; I bought them at different times, the petticoat I bought in March, they were all bought before the 25th of March.


                  SARAH
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
(Produces a shift taken off the prisoner's back, and two muslin handkerchiefs out of her pocket.) The prosecutor left her box at my house which was locked, I locked it the 21st of February, the things that are mentioned in the indictment were in the box, and several other things, (the things deposed to) the prisoner washed for me, and chaired and cleaned the house; this waistcoat I found that she gave to a man that sh e lived with.
(The waistcoat deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A woman gave me the things to sell, and after I was taken, I told them so, at the very first, and I told them where they were sold.
Court. Who was the woman that gave them you to sell? - I do not know where she lives, her name is 
               
                  Eleanor
                   Jones
               



            ; she came up to me, and sent for something to drink, and said she had some things to sell, and desired me to go and sell them; I have no witnesses.
Mrs. Wilson. My Lord, I challenged her as a thief, and she owned taking of them, and said the woman that she now mentioned, told her to wrench the lid of the box, and take a toasting fork and draw them out, I missed the things on the 25th of March, and put them in on the 21st of February, she washed for me on the 21st of March.



               GUILTY
            , 


               Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice NARES.
