





678. The said 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BUGDEN
                  



               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of August
, a livery cloth coat, value 5 s. a livery cloth waistcoat, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Clay
                        



                     
                  , Esq
. and a pair of leather boots, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Mutton
                        



                     
                  , privily in the stable of the said 
                     
                        Richard
                         
Clay
                     



.


                  WILLIAM
                   MUTTON
               



             sworn.
I am second coachman
 to Mr. Clay; he lives at Hampstead


; on Sunday the 6th of August, he lost out of his stable a frock, and waistcoat, and a pair of boots; the boots are mine, the coat and waistcoat are my master's; I shifted myself to go to church; I hung up my coat and waistcoat and boots in the stable; I have nothing to say against the prisoner; when I returned from church he was before Justice Montague, and there I saw the things and the witness 
               
                  Joseph
                   Fenn
               



            , I knew them very well; I am very certain they are mine; they are here.


                  JOSEPH
                   FENN
               



             sworn.
(Produces the things.)
I saw the man coming out of 'squire Clay's gateway with two bundles, one under each arm, and the boots; we took him in the road, about three or four hundred yards from the gateway, with two bundles and a pair of boots; he was going to get over some railing into a field and I stopped him; these are the things, I marked them at Mr. Montague's; I am sure these are the same things.
(Deposed to by Mutton.)
I am certain they are all mine.
What is the value of them? - Five shillings a piece the coat and waistcoat, and the boots fifteen shillings.
Do you think they are worth so much? - Yes.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was in distress and out of place which drove me to it.
Jury to Mutton. Was the outer gates open? - Yes.




               GUILTY, 4 s. 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GOULD.
