





413. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JEWLIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously, and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Carter
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of three in the morning, on the 13th of June
; the said, 
                     
                        James
                         Carter
                     



                  , and Mary his wife, and others in the same dwelling-house, then being, and stealing, an iron hammer,called, a beating hammer, value 4 s. his property
            .


                  JAMES
                   CARTER
               



             sworn.
I am a book-binder
; the prisoner broke open my house, and robbed one of a beating-hammer; I was called up in the morning a quarter after three, on Monday, the 13th of this month, by the watchman; I found the glass was taken out of the casement window of the kitchen, which looks into Bell-yard, Doctors Commons


; I had been in the kitchen the evening before; the casement was all whole then, I am sure; the property laid on a stone that I work with, behind the kitchen window.
Jury. Had you no shutters on the outside? - It is a ground floor; within-side there is one, but there is no fastening.


                  THOMAS
                   HERRINGE
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; that day, after I had called round my heat at three, it is general with us to patrole the other quarter till the half hour comes about; I was walking along Bell yard, facing Mr. Carter's house, and I saw the handle of something sticking up through the pallisadoes; I had the curiosity to put my hand, and lift it up; it was very heavy; I found it was a hammer, and I put it down in the same manner; I could see nobody; I stood at the door and saw the name of Mr. Carter, book-binder, and I judged it to be a beating-hammer; I went my beat, and came back again, and thought, what shall I do with this hammer? I will put it down and hide it; as I was putting it down, I saw the prisoner in the kitchen, through the window; I spoke to him; says I, do you belong to the house? he made no reply, neither did he wag or stir; I thought he might belong to the house; I saw the casement open, and I said, why don't you take the hammer in, somebody will steal it, or take it away; he made no reply, and I rather spoke louder, I thought he might be hard of hearing; he still made no reply; I did not know what to do with the hammer; I cast my eye round, and saw one of my partners, a watchman; then I let the hammer lay, and went towards the watchman; says I, a hammer lays here, and I have spoke to the people of the house, and they will not take it in I turned back to she him where the hammer was; one jumped out of the window, and jumped over the rails, a young lad in light coloured clothes, that was somebody that had been with the prisoner; I could not lay hold of him; I only saw the colour of his clothes; then the prisoner came out, very close after him; I saw him come out; then says I, I see what you are at, I will take care of you; he said, he was doing nothing at all, only getting down there to pick up a halfpenny; I alarmed the house and took him to the watch-house.
Jury. Are there any rails before the houses in Bell-yard? - Is was a wooden pallisadoe.
In what manner did the hammer lay on the pallisadoes? - The hammer lay on the inside, and the handle was through the pallisadoes.
JAMES SCHREENER sworn.
I know no further than patrolling round after three; I heard my partner speak to somebody in Bell-yard; I saw nobody then, because I was at a great distance afterwards, I saw one jumping out, and made his escape, and I will take my oath, I saw this lad come out.


                  RICHARD
                   INGE
               



             sworn.
I rent the one pair of stairs of Mr. Carter; I was alarmed by the watchman; I immediately got up, and the watchman asked me, if this chap belonged to us; I know nothing but what I heard from the watchman; I saw the pane of glass, and the hammer in the watchman's custody.


                  THOMAS
                   BRIGGS
               



             sworn.
I was constable of the night; I received the prisoner from the watchman; the prisoner never denied being in the house, not a word, till he came before the magistrate.
Court to 
               
                  James
                   Carter
               



            . Who was last up in your house the night before? - I was.

Do you make a custom of fastening the doors and windows yourself? - Yes.
Were the doors of the house last that night? - They were, I am sure of that.
In what state was this window when you went to bed? - All fast.
Do you know whether the casement was shut, or not? - Yes; I will take my oath the casement was shut, and there was no pane broke; the next morning it was broke just facing the hasp of the casement, that made room for the hand to go in; I went to bed at eleven; I heard no alarm till the watchman called me; I heard a noise, which I supposed to be the cats, they do make a piece of work, there being a stable near; I heard that noise about three in the morning; I heard no noise before that; my wife was at home; her name is Mary.
(The hammer produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I saw the watchman at the area, and just as I came by, a man came out of the window, and knocked me down, and the watchman immediately took me; I have no witnesses to my character; I did not think of being tried to day; I have a father, he is a carpenter, and lives in Houghton-street, Clare-market; I work with my father.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering in the day time
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
