







585. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     OLTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Williams
                        



                     
                  , at the hour of two in the night, on the 15th of July

 last, and feloniously stealing therein fourteen pounds weight of beef, value 4 s. four pounds weight of bread, value 6 d. and ten cucumbers, value 5 d.
             the property of the said Michael.


                  MICHAEL
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I live at the Hyde in the parish of Kingsbury



, I keep an eating-house, and sell butcher's meat
; my house was broke open last Wednesday was sen'night, about half past three in the morning, the window shutter was taken down, and the casement was undone, and half a quarry of glass was broke; I believe I shut the window myself, but I cannot be sure; I have six children, my daughter is about nineteen years of age, and has minded my house since my wife died.
Court. Did you look round your house before you went to bed that night? - I did.
Did you look at this window? - Not in particular any more than the others, I saw they were all fast, the window shutter was taken down without being broke some how or another, I cannot tell; it was fastened with a couple of forks, I suppose they shook them out; the window was fastened with a strong large hasp, that was not broke it was opened by half the quarry of the window being out; in the morning the casement was open; I lost a large piece of beef, and almost a quartern loaf, and a parcel of cucumbers; they were in a cupboard, where they are put every night in the back part of the house, a little room that parts two kitchens below.
Court. Were any of the locks inside the house broke open? - No.
You said just now this was about half after three, what induces you to fix the time? - I asked the first neighbour that came by in about five minutes after I discovered it; I had a dog in the house, and he waked me, and I jumped up and went to the window, and I saw that Gentleman run out of the house; I told him, I knew him, he had been at my house several times before.
Was there light enough at that time for you to see him? - Yes, it was quite light.
Where was you when you saw him first? - At my window, I saw him very plain, he was just slipped out of the window.
Court. Was he clear from the window, for if he was clear of the window, he might be standing by it; how do you know he slipped out of it? - He was slipping down when I saw him.
Court. Why the sun was up at that time? - I took him last Wednesday was sen'night.
Did you ever find your beef and your bread again? - It was picked up in a field about a hundred and fifty yards off by some persons here, and one cucumber I found in his shirt; the beef and loaf was not in a cloth, he had it in a cloth when I saw him run away.
Court. Are you sure the beef and the bread were with him? - He owned it to me, he would have given me any thing in the world.
Did you say any thing to him, to make him confess? - No, I cannot say I did, I said, I would bring him to Justice, he pretended to say there was another with him.
Did you tell him if he would confess himself guilty, he should not be prosecuted? - No.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was never in the house, nor I did not touch the window, I have nobody to my character, I am quite in a strange place.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen of the Jury, the crime of burglary is breaking a house in the night time, it is an essential part of this offence, that it should be committed in the night time, now you find this fact was committed at half after three; so that as to the burglary, you must acquit him of that part of the charge.




               GUILTY. Of stealing the goods, but not of burglariously breaking and entering the house
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.

586. 
               
                  SAMUEL
                   OLTON
               



             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of July

 last, two linen handkerchiefs; value 2 s. and one clasp knife, value 2 d. and five copper halfpence, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Emerton
                        



                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   EMERTON
               



             sworn.
I am a baker
, I live at Hendon, I lost two handkerchiefs last Wednesday morning was a week.
Who took them? - I do not know, I saw them an hour before I lost them at the King's-arms, at the Hyde



; one was round my neck, the other in my pocket; I fell asleep at the door of the King's-arms, on the top of the bench, I lost two handkerchiefs, five halfpence and a knife, it was a horn knife with a broken point; my two handkerchiefs were linen ones, they were never washed but once, I never saw them after; the prisoner owned that he saw somebody else take them; that is all I know of the matter, only finding the knife on him, I thought he must have the rest.
(The Knife produced.)
It was in his breeches pocket, he said, he could not say but he took the knife, but as for any thing else, he did not take it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never was nigh the man, I have no witnesses.




               GUILTY. Of stealing the knife, but not privately from his person
            .
(


               Transported for seven years
            .)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Deputy RECORDER.
