





275. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ELLIOTT alias 
ELLARD




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 4th of January
, one basket, value 4 d. and five pounds weight of butter, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Wilkins
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   WILKINS
               



             sworn.
I carry cheese and butter from Newgate-market to Islington
, I live at Islington; on the 3d of January I lost a basket out of my cart, I saw the prisoner take it, it was about twenty yards from Rose-street, in Newgate-street


; it was last Monday was se'nnight, about twenty minutes before eight in the morning, he put it on his shoulders, I was standing just by, he came behind and took it; I followed him about twenty or thirty yards to see what he would do with it, then I stopped him, and asked him what he was going to do with it, he said, he was going to carry it to a house in Newgate-market; I said it was mine, and he dropped it, and he was secured, he never run away from me.


                  RICHARD
                   CHILD
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner carrying a flat of butter along the street, and I saw the last witness stop him, and ask him where he was going with it.


                  RICHARD
                   TILCOCK
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I apprehended the prisoner, here is the flat that was delivered to me at Guildhall by order of the Magistrate.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I came by and several people stood by the carts, and a man said to me, having a little pain on my shoulders, says he, will you carry this for me, I said yes, he said take it up and I will give you two-pence; so I took it, and I had not got twenty yards before this man stopped me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
