





271. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TRAMP
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th day of February
, five linen shirts, value 20 s. one apron, value 1 s. one lawn apron, value 3 s. one pair of cloth breeches, value 4 s. one pair of silk and thread stockings, value 2 s. three muslin neckcloths, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taylor
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
, in Stone-cutter-alley, Gate-street, Lincoln's Inn Fields


. On Thursday the 16th of February, I went out to work about twenty minutes after seven, I locked the door, and put the key under it, as I usually do, I left my wife behind me, I came back on information from my wife, that she had been robbed of some things by Tramp; when I came back I found some things thrown about, and several things missing; I can speak to the breeches.


                  ELIZABETH
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I was in bed, and this lad came into the room, and pulled down all my candlesticks and flat irons; it had just struck seven; most of the things I saw the day before, and when I got up, several things in the room in which I slept were tumbled about; I know the prisoner, I have seen him many times, his father and mother live in our street; there was a little horse, and he moved that, and that waked me; half the window curtains were drawn, there were no shutters; I had the things to wash; the prisoner did not live with his mother, he was a boy that lived abroad; he ran away the minute I turned round; I looked at him, and said, oh, you tramping dog! do you come to rob me? The apron and things were laid ready; I am very sure he is the person.
Prisoner. What time was it in the morning? - Seven o'clock.
Prisoner. I have a witness, if he is here, to prove that I was in bed at seven o'clock.
Mrs. Taylor. I went and called my husband directly, and said to him, come home directly, for young Tramp has robbed me of my things.


                  JOHN
                   COLEMAN
               



             sworn.
Court. Do you know the nature of an oath? - Yes, Sir.
What is it? - To speak the truth between man and man.
What will be the consequence, if you do not speak the truth? - It is a very bad thing to take a false oath.
Do you know what becomes of bad people? - They come into bad places, and bad company.
No, but after they die, do you know where they go? - I hope to go to Heaven.
If you tell the truth, you will; but if you do not tell the truth, where shall you go? - If I do not tell the truth, I look upon it I shall go to hell. I am a shoemaker, I keep a kitchen in Monmouth-street, No. 10, sent nine pounds a year; I work for myself, I have no father or mother; I mend shoes, and hang them up at the door, I have lived there about three months.
Who else lives in the house? - I do not know the landlady's name, she sells gowns and things; I pay my money every Monday.
Have you no receipt for it? - No.
Who does the rest of the house belong to? - The gentlewoman lives up stairs, I do not know her name, I have not lived there long.
Why, you have lived there three months? - No, I never trouble myself about the names of the people, I mind my work.
Who lives in the next house? - I do not know, I never lived in the street before.
What kind of shop is it next door? - A shoemaker's shop next door, one Mr. Foster keeps it; this lad was in bed along with me that morning.
What morning are you talking of? - That morning when they said he got these things.
Where were the things taken away? - I do not know.
Who brought you here? - I came along with the boy's mother.
When did she first speak to you? - The day that the lad was first taken up.
How long was it before he was taken up? - I do not know the day of the month.
What day of the week was it? - Thursday, I think, but I cannot say rightly, to speak the truth.
Did this boy constantly sleep with you? - Yes, Sir; he has slept with me about three weeks; the prisoner lives with me, and minds my place when I am out, and runs of errands, and I learn him what I can of my business.
What time do you get up in a morning? - I get up at seven, and this morning he was up after me, he was not up till past eight o'clock; generally speaking, I get up first, I always d o, I open the door, and hang out my shoes; he never slept from me for three weeks together.
How long is this ago that he was with you? - Five weeks.
How long has he left you? - A fortnight to-day; but I cannot tell the day with certainty, I cannot read or write.
Was he never absent one night? - No; he slept with me the night before he was taken up.
Are you sure of that? - Yes I am sure of it; during this three weeks he never was out before seven in the morning; I have no clock, but I can hear the town clock go, St. Giles's church; he never was out before me in a morning, and I have pounds worth of goods in my place; I never lost any thing.
Court to Taylor. When was it that this boy was taken up? - This day fortnight.
Was he taken the same day? - Yes.
Court to Boy. Will you swear that you heard the clock strike seven? - No, Sir, I will not swear that I heard the clock strike, but I will swear that he did not go out that morning till between eight and nine, he went for some bread and cheese to the chandler's shop.
Court to Mrs. Taylor. Did you hear the clock strike seven? - I did not hear it; but when I was waked, and pulled my curtain back, it was between seven and eight.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. ROSE.
