









583. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     RIDGE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     GILBERT 
                     BAKER
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LLOYD
                  



               
            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SHAW
               



            , and 
               JAMES M'CAULEY

            , were indicted, for 


               feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah 
                           Dewell
                        




                     
                  , on the 21st of August
 last, about nine in the night, and burglariously stealing therein, a stuff coat, value 1 s. two cloth waistcoats, value 4 s. a child's cotton ditto, value 2 s. a cotton bedgown, value 2 s. a flannel waistcoat, value 3 s. a shalloon ditto, value 3 s. and one cloth coat, value 2 s. her property
            .


                  SUSANNAH
                   DEWELL
               



             sworn.
I am a sales-woman
 at Brentford


, a widow
; on the 21st of August I was at work in the evening between eight and nine; it was quite dark without candles; I am sure I could not have seen anybody's face, without a candle; I am very sure the door was shut, I heard the latch lift up; I asked who was there; there being no answer made, I got up; the shop was in the front towards the street, and the kitchen behind it; I missed from the shop the several articles in the indictment; some had been hanging without and some within, but they had been all taken down, and laid on the counter; I saw them afterwards on the Wednesday, at Bow-street.
Prisoner. She said at the justice's, that her child might touch the latch? - I thoughtit might have been one of my children, but asking who was there, and they not answering, I got up immediately.
WILLIAM COLE sworn.
I lost nine geese, and I went in pursuit of some persons on the road; I took in my company, a man of the name of John Street; overtook the prisoners at Acton, at nine in the morning, they had two asses, loaden with hampers, there were many articles of wearing apparel in the hampers, and a crow.


                  ELIZABETH
                   SPACE
               



             sworn.
I live three miles the other side of Brentford; on Saturday, the 27th of August, about five in the morning, I observed the prisoners, they are the men to the best of my knowledge; I saw four men and a boy, and I told Mr. Cole which way they went, towards Hessham.


                  CHARLES
                   JEALOUS
               



             sworn.
I was at Bow-street when these men were brought in; a person came to me, and gave me information, and I took this waistcoat off M'Cauley, at Bow-street, and this coat I took off Ridge; I never saw Shaw or M'Cauley in my life, I am not the apprehender of any one of them.
Prosecutrix. This is my coat and waistcoat, and all these things; they were on the counter a few minutes before I got up, I am sure they are my property.
PRISONER RIDGE's DEFENCE.
I had been seeking for work, and could not get any, I saw some men coming over Hounslow Heath, and they asked me if I had lost a jack-ass; they gave me a jack-ass, loaded with hampers, and they desired me to take and find an owner for it, so I drove it along, and I overtook this lad; the waistcoat and coat were at top; it rained, and I took the coat and put it on to keep off the rain; before I came to Acton, I overtook the other prisoners, and when we came to Acton, we were stopped, the man came to the jack-ass, and owned it at the justice's.
PRISONER BAKER's DEFENCE.
I went to Brentford, my father was extremely ill; I went with two of the other prisoners, I arrived there the Friday afternoon, I slept at the Bull, and got up about four in the morning, I was very ill, and came to Town, and I met these men, and this boy, driving a jack-ass and hampers; he asked what it was o'clock, it was past five; he said, which road are you going? I said, towards Acton to go home; then I went into the Red Lion, to get a pot of beer, and some bread and cheese, we came out, and Mr. Cole stopped us.
PRISONER M'CAULEY's DEFENCE.
I got up to go to work about three in the morning; I went to the Bull, at Hounslow; I could not find my aunt's, and the man overtook me; says he, here is a jackass strolling along, it was the gentleman in blue, that overtook me; but it rained, and he said, as it rains, we may as well put on these things; so I put on the waistcoat.
Court. How far is Acton from Brentford? - Rather better than three miles.
Court to Cole. Did any conversation pass about this business? - They owned one ass; Ridge owned that which was loaded, but not the others.
Did the others take any part? - Two of them tried to make their escape; that was Shaw, and Baker (the boy), they were all together, before I overtook them.
The prisoner Lloyd called two witnesses to his character.
The prisoner M'Cauley called four witnesses to his character.
ALL FIVE, 


               GUILTY of stealing
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.








[Transportation. See summary.]


