





680. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CLEMENTS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one guinea, value 1 l. 1 s.
             the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Largent
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   LARGENT
               



             sworn.
On the 25th of May
 last, I was robbed of one guinea out of a looking glass drawer in our bed room, I often missed money out of them drawers, and could not tell which way it went; and after that I missed three guineas out of seven, and my wife marked three guineas on purpose to detect the thief, and the prisoner went to Hounslow, and when he returned three guineas was taken out; my wife informed me the drawer was open, and one guinea out of the three was gone; I went immediately, suspecting what he had told me before, I fetched a constable, and knowing him a violent lad, I fetched a porter to take him with the constable, because he had said he would tip two the double; there was nothing found upon him, but he told me he had the money in his shoes when he was first taken before Alderman Plomer, and there he declared he changed his last guinea the next door to me, and I asked him afterwards where he had taken that guinea from which he changed at the baker's; he said out of the same drawer he took the others; he said he had not taken above ten guineas from there, it was in a bag in the drawer.
Did you trace any money to his hands that he had taken away? - Never before.
Did you then? - The guinea is now in Court.


                  WALTER
                   PROSSER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of Bishopsgate, I had this guinea at my Lord Mayor's, before Alderman Plomer, he had it from the baker, the baker is ill in bed.
Court to Mr. Largent. Did you tell him you had received ever a guinea from the baker? - I found this guinea at the baker's.
What is the mark? - I never knew it, my wife marked it.
Mrs. LARGENT sworn.
I marked the guinea with a black mark on the fleur-de-lis.
Can you be sure of that mark again? - Yes, I could pick it out of five hundred if I had them; I am sure this is the guinea.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you receive that guinea your wife has in her hand from the baker? - Yes, the baker's name is Corneck.
After you had got this guinea from the baker, did you ask the prisoner any questions about it? - Yes, I did, and he said before Alderman Plomer that he changed it there.
Did you make any promises to the prisoner before he made his confession? - None at all; when Alderman Plomer said, how many do you think you took out of the drawer, he said about ten, then said the Alderman you are like to be hanged, and I said I hope you will recommend him to be sent abroad, and not take his life away.
Prisoner. I changed the guinea there the over night, my master picked it out of more gold and silver, the prosecutor then said he could not swear to it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Tansported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
