





283. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CROSS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d day of March
 last, five iron bars, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Withers
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   WITHERS
               



             sworn.
On the 3d of March, I lost the property in the indictment, between the hours of six and twelve at night; I think they were there about six, I know they were there before dark; I did not miss them before twelve; a gentleman who lodged in my house missed them; the house belongs to me; I know no more.
UZZIAH ALEXANDER sworn.
I am a patrol; about half past eight, going across Smithfield, I saw the prisoner with five iron bars coming out of Long-lane, going into Ship-alley; I stopped him, he said, he would tell where he had them, and pointed towards Smithfield; I went with him to the opposite side of the hospital; the prisoner pitched them nearly on my toes, and attempted to get off, but I stopped him; he then asked me to help him up with them, I would not, but seized him and the bars, and took him into the Lock and Key Wine Vaults, in Smithfield, he has been in custody ever since; Mr. Carter and I heard of the bars being stolen, and found that they belonged to Mrs. Withers, at the Cloister's, St. Bartholomew's hospital


; I matched them, and found they were taken from there.


                  SAMUEL
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
I took charge of the prisoner; I went and matched the bars, and have no doubt but they are Mrs. Withers's.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found the bars in Smithfield.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
