






378. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of August
, thirty pounds weight of lead, value 5 s. belonging to 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Key
                     




                  , gentleman
, and affixed to a certain gutter, belonging to a certain empty house of his, against the statute
            .
A second Count, Charging him with stealing, eight pounds of other lead, belonging to the said Joseph Key.


                  ELY
                   LEVINETT
               



             sworn.
I know Mr. Key's house in Kelmel-buildings


; I took the lead from the house myself; on the 30th of August last; I saw the prisoner; I went in the morning, about five, to take some old doors from there; I went up one pair of stairs, and took one door from there; I went into the two pair of stairs, in the back room, I found no body; I looked about, and heard some thing go, tap tap, at top of the house; I went out of the back garret window, and got up by the tiles in the gutter, by the chimney; there I saw the prisoner; I stood for the value of half a minute; he was at work; he was so busy he did not see me; then I said, you rascal, what do you here? you have more lead than you can carry away; with that he looked at me, and jumped up over the ridges of the house, and got away; I have known the boy ever since he was a child; I took the lead and folded it up closer than it was before, and threw it down off the house, and took it home in my possession.
Did it appear to be fresh ripped? - Yes; for I was in the gutter the day before, and the lead was all safe then.
What quantity of lead was there? - I look upon it, about fifty or sixty pounds; but I never had it weighed.
How much is lead worth a pound? - About sixteen shillings per hundred weight; I saw nothing of the prisoner after, till he was caught for another crime, about three weeks ago; then, Mr. Key sent for me, to go and see whether it was the same person, when he was in custody; I am sure he was the same person; he had a short knife in his hand when I saw him at work.
Prisoner. As he as taken one false oath, he will take another.
MURRAY sworn.
I apprehended the boy.


                  RICHARD
                   BRIGGS
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I helped to take him.
(The prisoner called one witness to his character.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
