





779. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of July
, one pair of gold sleeve buttons, value 26 s. one pair of base metal sleeve buttons, gilt with gold, value 13 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Middleton
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  NICHOLAS
                   MIDDLETON
               



             sworn.
I lost one pair of gold sleeve buttons last July, I believe the 4th; the shop window was broke in order to get them out; I never saw them again, the young woman that attends the shop, bid me stop the man with the box.


                  NICHOLAS
                   MIDDLETON
               



            , Jun. sworn.
I came from Islington that morning, I called at my father's, on the 4th of July, and 
               
                  Sarah
                   Ball
               



            , who is an apprentice of my father's, desired me to go after a man with a box, for he had stole something, it was a man with a box, I saw him go past the shop door, which is a glass door, and I followed him, and took him within fifty or sixty yards, and I brought him back immediately, the constable said he would be searched at Bow-street, the prisoner was the man that I stopped.


                  SARAH
                   BALL
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner at the bar with a hook in his hand, and a pair of buttons on the hook, he had taken them from the place where I had put them.
You did not see him actually take them? - No, but I saw them in his hand, upon the hook, I had put them in that place just before, it was a drawer where we put trinkets; this is the hook, and these are the buttons that were found, one pair was gone when I came to the window, that was the gold pair, this pair are plated with gold, they are not solid gold.
Had you put them both there just before? - Yes.
Was that your hook or his? - It was his hook, he had this hook in his hand when I looked towards him, he dropped the hook in the shop window, through a little hole that was cut, and walked away, I immediately called out stop that man, he has stolen something; there was a banbox on his head, I never lost sight of him till he was stopped, these are my master's buttons, I put them there myself.
Prisoner. I wish to ask the gentlewoman what she said to me, when I first came into the shop? - I told him I believed he had cut the window, and I saw this hook in his hand, taking the buttons out, I told him I would swear to him.

Court. What time of day was this? - About ten minutes after nine in the morning
Was any body else going by at the time? - Not a creature, my Lord, I do not think there was one.
Where is your shop situated? - In the Strand


, opposite the New Church.


                  JOHN
                   STOCKER
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner, standing near ten minutes with this box close to the window, I was standing the opposite side of the way, and I saw his hand rather move, but to tell what he was about I could not.
Was his face to the window, or from the window? - To the window, he stood there about ten minutes, I saw him walk away at a distance, and I saw Mr. Middleton's son come out in a flurry, and run after him and bring him back.
Court to Ball. Where had you been for ten minutes before? - I had been in the parlour at breakfast, and was just come into the shop.
(The buttons deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am intirely innocent, there is a man now in the bail dock, one 
               
                  John
                   Askton
               



            , that has confessed to every person in the gaol of stealing the buttons, breaking the window, and selling the buttons for half a guinea; I had been at Cranbourn-alley, and I might stop at this gentleman's window three minutes; I came back quietly, I am intirely innocent, as God is my saviour; and the man below in the Bail-dock is the man that certainly committed the robbery.
Court to 
               
                  Sarah
                   Ball
               



            . Did the buttons that you have drop with the hook? - Yes, the buttons dropped from the hook, when he dropped the hook.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
