





112. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     BEVAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
 last, one pair of pearl ear-rings, set in gold, value 20 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dingworth
                  




               
            , Esq
.

(The witnesses examined separate.)
The indictment opened by Mr. Bowles, and the case by Mr. Silvester.


                  WILLIAM
                   MILLER
               



             sworn.
Mr. Bowles. Do you remember in November last, packing up a pair of pearl ear-rings in a little box? - Yes, directed to Mrs. Dingworth, Rouse's buildings, Hampstead; I delivered it at the coach office in Holborn, for the Hampstead stage; it was in the evening.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. There are a good many Hampstead stages? - Yes, I left it at the office; I delivered it to Mr. Potts.
What are you? - A jeweller.
You packed up these ear-rings? - Yes, in a new box; I first wrapped them in a fine paper; put them in the box, then shut the box up and inclosed the box.
I believe you have seen the ear-rings since? - Yes, I have.
I believe you have seen them in a box of the same sort? - I have no reason to doubt but that is the very same box.
You found them wrapped up in the same sort of paper that you sent them in? - Yes.
They were of the value of twenty guineas you suppose? - More than that.
They were very good pearls? - Yes.
Were they of the same setting? - They were.
Had there been any attempt to alter the setting? - Not perceivable.
Would it not have been perfectly easy to have taken those pearls out of that setting, and have appropriated the setting to some other purpose without much loss? - Yes.
I fancy if the pearls were loose, you could not have swore to them? - No.
Or even put into another shape? - No.
If these drop ear-rings had been put into a cluster, you could not have swore to them? - No.
How many days had they been out of your possession? - Some few days.
Plenty of time to make them twice over.


                  JOHN
                   POTTS
               



             sworn.
I am a glover in Holborn; the Hampstead stage goes from my house; on Saturday the 13th of October, I received a parcel from Mr. Miller; I gave it to the coachman, 
               
                  Robert
                   Taylor
               



            .
Mr. Garrow. Did you book it? - Yes.
Had you any particular charge with it? - Not particular.
You recollect Miller, and had this parcel? - Perfectly well.
Do you recollect how it was directed? - To Mrs. Dingworth, Rouse's Buildings, Hampstead; I know that perfectly well.


                  ROBERT
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman; I drive the Hampstead stage from the Change; I remember receiving a parcel, directed to Mrs. Dingworth, from Mr. Potts; it was half past seven in the evening; I took up two ladies at No. 9, in Lombard-street; Miss Gibson, Miss Eastwick, and a Mrs. Jackson, whom I set down at Warren Place; Mrs. Jackson got in in Holborn; I put the parcel the right hand corner behind the horses.
Had you any gentleman in the coach that night? - Yes, there was a gentleman came up, just as I was going off in Holborn, and asked if I was going to Hampstead; he got into the coach.
Do you know that gentleman again? - I cannot positively say; I was in a hurry.
Did you put the parcel in before the gentleman got into the coach? - Yes, I sat down about half way, near the Fitzroy Arms, in Warren Place, about two miles from Hampstead, there Mrs. Jackson got out on the near side, the side I let her in.
Court. That is the side the parcel was? - Yes, I got off the box and knocked at the door, and the servant came and opened the door; and I immediately went and opened the coach door, and the lady got out; nobody got out of the coach but her.
Had she any parcels? - No, I stopped next at the end of Pond-street; I asked the gentleman twice over, whether I should sethim down? he said no, he would go out and walk.
What sort of a night was it? - It was quite a fine dry night.
Was it frosty? - Rather frosty.
When the gentleman got out, did you see him walk from the coach? - Yes,
Did he go fast or slow? - He went quite fast down Pond-street.
Had he any parcel? - Not as I saw.
Did you see him go? - I saw him go about thirty yards, he went very fast.
Did you see him stop to pick up any thing? - No.
Was the night perfectly light? - It was a glimmering moon.
When did you stop next? - At Mr. Gibson's, New Inn, Hampstead, there these two ladies got out.
When did you look for the parcel? - Immediately as they got out, while the coach was before their house.
Did you find the parcel? - No, I got a candle and looked every where, and I could not find it.
I suppose you made the loss as public as possible? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow. It is not uncommon for a gentleman to walk a few steps down the street? - No.


                  HARRIET
                   GIBSON
               



             sworn.
Do you remember being in the Hampstead stage, on Saturday the 31st of January last? - Yes, I do; I got in from the Change; there was Miss Eastwick and a lady, and the gentleman at the bar is the gentleman; Mrs. Jackson got in at Holborn: I remember seeing a little parcel in the stage that night; it seemed to me to be a little oval box; the prisoner was the last that got into the coach: the parcel was in before the lady got in; the coach stopped at Warren Place, and set down Mrs. Jackson; she got out alone.
Had she any parcel? - None in her hand, not so much as her cloak.
Where did the coach next stop? - At Pond-street, Hampstead


.
Who got out there? - The gentleman got out.
In what manner did he get out? - There was no particular hurry in getting out as I saw.
What sort of a night was it? - It was a beautiful night, I could see every thing that was in the coach.
Moonlight I presume from that? - Yes Sir, it was a beautiful moonlight night.
Did you see the prisoner when he got out of the coach? - Yes, I did; I saw him pay the coachman: I saw him run down Pond-street, with his hands in one another.
Did he stop to pick any thing up? - No.
If he had stopped, should you have seen him? - Yes, I should, because Miss Eastwick and me were at the same window.
Was it a frosty night? - Rather.
At what distance could you see him? - About ten or twenty yards.
Court. If I understand you right, the gentleman sat on the right hand side? did he? - We sat facing the horses, and the gentleman sat facing me.
Then he sat on your left hand? - I sat on the right hand side.
Which side did Mrs. Jackson sit? - She sat on the same side as the gentleman did.
Mr. Bowles. Of which side did Mrs. Jackson get out? - The lady got out of the left hand side; the gentleman on the other side.
Did you see the parcel after the gentleman was out of the coach? - No.
Did any thing pass respecting the parcel afterwards? - No, Sir.
Mr. Garrow. You have been examined several times on this subject, I take it for granted? - Twice.
Twice before magistrates; but you talked this matter over very often? - At home I have.
It has been a good deal the subject of conversation at Hampstead? - I have not been much at Hampstead.
I do not recollect when I had the pleasureof seeing you last, madam; that you recollect this circumstance of his running down Pond-street? would you venture to swear now, that you told Alderman Le Mesurier that he ran down Pond-street? - I said the very same words, whereever I mentioned it.
Court. After Mrs. Jackson got out, did the prisoner move at all? - Sir, he put his hands behind him as he moved to the place facing Miss Eastwick.
Was that the side of the coach where Mrs. Jackson sat? - Yes.
Then after Mrs. Jackson got out, he moved to that place where she sat? - Yes, he did.
MISS EASTWICK sworn.
Mr. Silvester. You went in company with your sister, Miss Gibson, from London to Hampstead? - We both sat facing the horses; Miss Gibson sat with her right hand next the coach door.
Who sat opposite you? - Mrs. Jackson.
Who sat opposite your sister? - Mr. Bevan; that is him to the best of my knowledge: so we proceeded to Hampstead: Mrs. Jackson got out on the side where she sat, nobody but her: she had no bundle.
You then proceeded two miles further, and then the gentleman got out? - Yes.
Where did the gentleman get out? - At the end of Pond-street.
When he got out did he make any stop, or go off immediately? - He paid the coachman and went off immediately.
Between the time of his going off and the lady, Mrs. Jackson, getting out; had the prisoner continued in the same? - Yes; then he put his hands rather behind him, as if to assist him rather further on where Mrs. Jackson sat.
Mrs. JACKSON sworn.
I went in the Stage to Southampton Place, just by Warren Place.
Had you any bundle with you? - No.
Had you observed a little parcel before you got into the coach? - When I got into the coach at Holborn. I sat upon a little small box, which I took-up and asked if it belonged to either of the two ladies which were in the coach; they told me no, it was the property of the coachman: I threw it down on the other side, not to be inconvenienced by it any more.
Court. Did you put it behind you, or in the corner, or where? - I am not sure where.
On the same side where you sat? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow. you threw it as you describe now, and as you mentioned before the magistrate, carelesly out of your way that it might not inconvenience you? - Just so.
- TWYCROSS sworn.
Do you remember any application to the prisoner respecting a pair of pearl ear-rings, that was sent to Mr. Dingworth? - Yes. I went to the prisoner and told him I was informed he had a pair of pearl earrings; I went to the prisoner's house in the minories; he denied having them, and repeatedly denied it; and I told him several times that I had the best information that he was in possession of the ear-rings; I also was informed, I told him, that he was in the Hampstead stage that evening, which was Saturday, the 31st of October: after some hesitation, and on my repeating it; he acknowledged he was.
What did he say at first; did he say one way or other, whether he was in the Hampstead coach or not; give me a direct answer? - He hesitated a little; he continued still to deny knowing any thing of the ear-rings after that; Mr. Dingworth then came in; I told him Mr. Dingworth was the gentleman the ear-rings belonged to; that they were advertised to be brought to my house: we went all together in the parlour, and were there some time; Mr. Dingworth wished the prisoner to acknowledge having them; which he did after some time: he said he had had the ear-rings, but they were not in his possession; he said, he would go and fetch them; but we thought better to go with him.

Did he consent to that proposal at first? - Yes, I believe he did; he said they were at a gentleman's, a friend of his, in Great New-street; we went there, and the prisoner asked for Mr. Wiltshire, and for the ear-rings; and it came out, that Mr. Wiltshire was out with them; Wiltshire came in afterwards, and the prisoner asked Wiltshire for the ear-rings; and Wiltshire took the ear-rings out of his pocket, and gave them to the prisoner, and the prisoner gave them to me, or Mr. Dingworth; but I had them directly afterwards: Mrs. Wiltshire said in the hearing of the prisoner, that he told her he found them in Walcot-place.
Where is Walcot-place? - The other side of the water I believe; the next day he was taken before the sitting alderman, and was committed; I produce the earrings; I knew them before; I know these to be the ear-rings: I had them to alter, to make some addition to them.
Mr. Garrow. We have learned from your servant, that they were packed originally in a box like this, and wrapped up in fine paper like this? - Yes.
How many days had they been out of your possession? - From the Saturday to the Friday.
So that there had been abundance of time to have altered the shape of them? - They might have broke them to pieces in the time, and set them again.
I take it for granted, if you had seen the pearls loose without the setting, you would not have ventured to have swore to them? - It would have been very difficult to have done it.
Was not this man admitted to bail by the Court of King's Bench? - Yes, I believe he was.
And has surrendered this morning to take his trial? - Yes.
Now, when you went to him, you did not explain to him that you had any peace officer or search warrant? - No, I did not, till we got to Wiltshire's.
The man walked with you? - Yes.
He carried you to Wiltshire? - Yes.
Is Mr. Wiltshire here? - No.
I believe Mr. Wilkinson was the gentleman that came to you? - Yes.
Is he here? - No.
Do you know where he is? - No, I believe not; we went to find him.
Mr. Bowles. You have done all you could to find him? - Indeed I have.


                  JOHN
                   DINGWORTH
               



             sworn.
I live at Hampstead, in Rouse's-buildings; there were some ear-rings which were sent directed to my wife, the 31st of October; I never received them; in consequence of some information I received from an advertizement, I went to the house of the prisoner Bevan; me and Twycross and a constable went together; Twycross went in first.
After he had been there some little time you went in? - Yes; I stood at the door, and looked through the window all the while; it was not above a minute.
After you came in and saw Bevan, tell us what passed? - I went into Mr. Bevan's shop, a register-office for hiring servants, in the Minories; I think, No. 104; I told him my name was Dingworth, that I lived at Hampstead, and was the owner of the ear-rings which had been advertized to be brought to Mr. Twycross the other gentleman, and which we were informed were in his possession; he denied knowing any thing of the ear-rings, or being at Hampstead, or even in the Hampstead-coach on that day, which was the 31st of October; I told him we had positive information of their being seen in his possession, with a direction to Mrs. Dingwall, Rouse's-buildings, inside the box, legible; and that he had been shewn the advertisement, to be carried to Mr. Twycross's house; he still continued persisting to deny knowing any thing about the matter, and said a great deal about honour and reputation and character, and things of that sort, which are not material; he still continued to deny; I told him he must know whether what he had told us, was true or not, and we only wished to have a decided answer; all thispassed in the shop; after this, he asked us (Twycroft and me) to walk into the parlour; he walked backwards and forwards in his back parlour, but still continued to deny knowing any thing about them, till I was tired out with the parlying and altercation; and I told him he must determine in two or three minutes, whether he would continue to deny, or confess, for our opinion was not to be changed; I repeated the clear and pointed information we had, and that there could be no mistake; I did not mention the informer's name; I told him it would be better for him to acknowledge, it would save himself and us both trouble; I told him I really had come there with the most favourable intentions towards him, in hopes he would acknowledge having them, that we did not wish to expose him; and he at last confessed that he had them; he gave us some account of the manner in which he had come by them, by handing a lady out at Warren-place; that he had handed a lady out at Warren-place, that he rang the bell at her gate, the maid servant opened the gate, and he helped the lady to carry in several bundles and parcels from the coach into the lady's parlour; that on returning from her parlour to the coach, he kicked something under his foot that lay in her passage; that he picked it up the outside of her gate or door, and put it in his coat-pocket; that he then stepped into the coach again, and was drove to the top of Pond-street, Hampstead, where he was set down; that was what passed. I then asked him where the ear-rings were now? he told me he had delivered them to a particular friend of his, I think, the day before, who lived the other end of the town; we asked his friend's name, and where he lived; he said his name was Mr. Wiltshire, and he lived in New-street, Shoe-lane; I then asked Mr. Twycross, who lives close by, if he knew of any such name? he said he did not; the prisoner then proposed sending somebody, or writing a letter, to Mr. Wiltshire, to send or bring the ear-rings; I objected to that, but that we would go with him; I then asked him whether he was certain that the ear-rings remained in the same state, as our information led us to suppose they were broke up; he told me I might be perfectly easy on that score, for that his friend was a man of strict honour and integrity, and fortune, and character; and that there was not the least danger to be apprehended on that account; we then asked him to go with us immediately to Mr. Wiltshire; and the prisoner and myself and a servant went off; we had a constable waiting outside the house, but we never mentioned any thing of it to him; Mr. Twycross and the constable followed us: as we went, the prisoner was very desirous that this matter might not be made public, or any thing that might injure his reputation, as he had lived many years in credit; and a circumstance of this sort getting wind, might injure him in the opinion and credit of his neighbours; I told him I certainly had no wish to do so, or to act hostile all to him in any shape that I could avoid; I told him I could make no promises, but it must depend on future events; (I did not yet know whether Wiltshire had the ear-rings); I begged of him to relate to me in a plain and simple manner, the means in which he had got possession of the box; he had told us something about it in his own house, yet I was not satisfied.
(Mr. Garrow objected to this, after what the witness had said, that it must depend on future events; and the Court was of opinion, that after what he said, it ought not to be given in evidence.)
I had no wish; I certainly did not mean to make any promise; when we got to Wiltshire's, we went into his dining-room; there were three or four women at dinner, and one young man; we asked Mrs. Wiltshire if Mr. Wiltshire was at home? she said, no; we asked her where he was? she said she did not know where, nor when he would be at home; we then asked her if she knew if he had in his possession, a pair of pearl ear-rings, which the prisoner, Mr. Bevan, had delivered to him? she said shehad, and they were locked up in the bureau; we said, as that was the case, and as she was not certain whether he would be at home before night, this person that was with us was a constable, and had a search warrant; we had not mentioned the constable before; and that if she pleased, the drawers might be opened if she had a key, or a key could be found in her presence, in order that we might get the ear-rings; she was very unwilling, and would not hear of that; she said his bureau contained things of great value, and he never suffered any person to open it; but finding we were determined, she then said they were not in his bureau, but that he had carried them out in his pocket, in order to have them valued: and she particularly named a shop, a Mr. Field, in Holborn; we desired her to send to find him, and bring him home; and accordingly she sent to several places, and he returned in some time, about an hour, but could not find him; then Mrs. Wiltshire, as we had related to her the conversation, and what he said of finding them at Warren-place; she said that was different to what he had told her, for he had told her he found them at Walcot-place, in Surrey; that he was riding on horseback, saw this parcel laying in the road, and got off his horse and took it up; there was a good deal said about this, his giving different accounts, as it was in the presence of Mr. Twycross and the constable and the ladies that were there; mean time, a coach stopped at the door, and Mr. Wiltshire was in it; Twycross went down stairs; what passed between them below, I do not know; but he presently came into the room, and Mr. Bevan the prisoner, told him these gentlemen were come for the pearl ear-rings which he had given him; he put his hand in his coat pocket, and took out a large silk handkerchief, and pulled out the box, and delivered it to the prisoner; the prisoner offered to deliver it to me, but I declined taking it; I desired him to give them to Mr. Twycross, who had made them, and altered them lately, or I had not seen them since they were altered, which he did; I desired Mr. Twycross to examine them, and see that they were in the same state, which he did, and found they were in the same state; nothing more material passed at that time; they are my property; I knew the drops, because I had not had any alteration in them; I had had them twenty years; I gave them to my wife when we were married; then the prisoner desired to know whether he was at liberty? I told him I apprehended I was not justified in letting him go, till he had been before the magistrate who granted the warrant; and the constable insisted on taking Wiltshire also, but that I had no hand in.
(
               
                  William
                   Wilkinson
               



             called on his recognizance, and not appearing, his recognizance was ordered to be estreated.)


                  ESTHER
                   RADFORD
               



             sworn.
I live at Hampstead; my husband's name is Samuel.
Are you acquainted with the prisoner? - Sir, I remember his coming to my house on the 31st of October, in the evening; he brought a small parcel with him, about five or six inches long.
Please to state what he did with it, and what passed on the subject? - When he came to my house, he said he had picked up that parcel at the top of Pond-street; he brought the box openly in his hand; I asked him what it was, and he told me he could not inform me; I took it in my hand, and from its lightness, I said I supposed it was a box of medicine; it had not been opened; I did not see any direction on the box: the direction was defaced with the dirt of the road; the prisoner endeavoured to make out the direction; he made out some buildings; and he asked me if I knew it? I told him I never heard of such a name, nor have not since: I desired Mr. Bevan to open them to see; there were my servant, my husband, and myself, that is Mr. Radford and 
               
                  Mary
                   Morris
               



            ; I said, if they were medicines, that the servant should endeavour to find out the direction, if she walked all night; when theywere opened, and I saw they were earrings; I thought they could not be of any consequence, to deliver that night; Mr. Bevan and me desired the servant to enquire in the neighbourhood if there was any such buildings as those we concluded was on the direction; and that if any such parcel should be enquired after, by describing it, and applying to our house, they might have it; Mr. Bevan desired me to take care of them; he gave them into my possession, and I put them into a bureau, and I desired my servant, when she went out, to get me a newspaper; which was produced to me on the Monday; I read it through, to see if such things were advertised; I saw no such thing: Mr. Bevan left the house on Monday morning, at six o'clock; he desired my husband, if they were not owned before he went to town, to bring them to town in his pocket; and my husband took them to town in the box, in which they were, as they were not advertised; I said, I supposed they were of no consequence; I am no judge of the value of pearl, for my own part; I did not think them worth half a crown.
When did your husband come to town? - On Wednesday, at one o'clock; these things continued in my possession, at Hampstead, till the Wednesday.
If in that time they had been applied for, and described by any body, should you have delivered them? - Most certainly I should; it was the particular desire of Mr. Bevan.
Court. Did you look in the papers after the Monday? - I did not.
Mr. Garrow to Twycross. When did you advertise them? - Wednesday and Thursday.
Mr. Garrow to Mrs. Radford. Did you mention this to any body yourself? - I did not; it was left to the servant.
Mr. Silvester. Pray madam, what may Mr. Radford be? - He is at present with Mr. Bevan, has an annual salary from him, and has had for a year and a half.
In what business? - In Mr. Bevan's business.
Then he is a clerk to Mr. Bevan? - So you may term it.
To Mr. Bevan, a register-office, in the Minories: your house is at Hampstead? - Yes.
This parcel was produced before you; the direction was very much defaced: a wet night perhaps? - I cannot charge my memory.
Was it a frosty night? - I cannot say; I believe it was a moonshiny night; but whether wet or dry, I cannot positively say.
When it was produced to you, where did he say he had found it? - He said he had picked it up at the top of Pond-street.
Getting out of the coach? - I never heard him mention the coach; he said, he had picked it up at the top of Pond-street.
He did not know how it had dropped there? - I never heard him mention it.
How many houses are there from the top of Pond-street, to your house? - Upon my honor, Sir, I cannot tell you.
How long have you lived there? - A twelve-month; I never numbered the houses.
Whether there are four or five, or a dozen? - I cannot say.
You could not see the name at all? - I did not.
The only word that was at all legible, was either Rouse's or Rowl's-buildings, or something of that kind? - Yes; that was not legible.
But you could see, either Rouse or Rowl upon it? - Upon my word I did not particularly look at it; I desired Mr. Bevan to open it immediately.
I should have thought curiosity would have led you to read it? - I did not.
Did he rub the mud off? - He endeavoured to do so.
With what? - With his hand.
Not with a cloth at all? - No, but with his hand.
And there was something of buildings you saw? - Yes.
But whether Rouse or Rowl's, you cannot tell.
It was very wet mud, I take it forgranted? - Upon my word I cannot say; I did not look at the direction.
Yes you did, because you saw the word buildings, either Rouse or Rowl's upon it? - It was very much dirted with the road dirt.
No cloth was attempted to wipe it off? - No.
And you saw the word buildings? - Yes, and something of an R, either Rowl's or Rouse.
You did not know such a place as Rous's-buildings? - No, Sir, I never heard of it in my life; I fancy the hour might be about nine, but I am not positive to the hour.
And early on Monday morning you sent for the advertiser? - Yes; I fancy it was the Gazetteer and Daily Advertiser; it was the Monday's paper to the best of my knowledge, but I cannot particularly say; I looked the paper particularly through; but I never looked at any other paper; I desired the servant to enquire when she went about her business; I never made any enquiry, nor mentioned it to any body: I did not send to the stage, nor to our post office.
How near is your publick-house to you? - I very seldom have any thing from the publick-house; but I told my servant, she happened to have a very shallow memory; she did not enquire; on Sunday I sent her to town, to fetch some friends; she then omitted it; on Monday she did make some enquiry.
When you saw it, you knowing so little of pearls, thought they were not worth half a crown? - I did; I would not have given that for my own wear; I never heard there were any different kind of buildings at Hampstead: I go out very little.
Was the word Hampstead to be seen? - I saw nothing but the word buildings.
Nor the name of Dingworth? - I never saw it.


                  MARY
                   MORRIS
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Radford: I know Mr. Bevan; I remember his coming to my master's house, on Saturday night, the latter end of October; he walked up to the dresser, and said, see what I have found; my mistress replied, she thought it was an apothecary's box.
Had it been opened at that time at all? - No; my mistress had it opened; and my mistress said, if it was apothecary's stuff, I should endeavour to find the place, if I walked all night; it was opened, and I saw one ear-ring; I cannot tell what it was; I am not a judge; my mistress said she thought it was a poor paltry thing, not worth a thought; if it was of property, she should soon hear of the owner: I had no direction, that I heard that evening.
When was you directed to do any thing? - The next morning they said I should make enquiry; on the Sunday morning I was sent to town on my mistress's business; as she had company in the evening, which took up my time.
When was you directed to do any thing about this box? - On the Monday morning I enquired of Mrs. Bournell's niece; she was indisposed; (Smith is the name of the publick-house) I asked him for the place which I thought was described.
What place was that? - Upon my word I cannot tell now; it was of so little consequence to me; it was some buildings, I had never heard of the place.
What became of the things on the Sunday, or the Monday? - I never saw them after the Saturday evening; my mistress put them in a drawer, to take care of them till she heard of the owner; and then to return them to him; I could not find out where these buildings were; I mentioned it to one or two more; nobody applied for the things; I went to the publick-house, Mr. Smith's, by my master and mistress's desire, to ask for their paper; that was on the Monday morning; Mr. Smith's reply to me was (I went twice for it, and it was not at home) if your mistress wants any advertisements, Mary, there are none in our paper.
Did you get any newspaper at last? -Yes; I returned back, and my mistress desired I would go to the George; I replied, we did not deal with them; and I got a little boy to borrow it for me; and I took it to my mistress.
Had you any directions to keep it a secret, that this box was there? - Not in the least.
If any body had described it, they would have had it given to them? - Certainly, they would.
When did Bevan go to London? - On Monday morning, about six; my master went on Wednesday, about one; I believe he took the box to town; I cannot say.
Do you remember seeing Mr. Dingworth? - Yes, on the Tuesday morning that Mr. Bevan had his hearing; I saw him in my master's garden; he brought with him Mr. Smith, the man of the publick-house; that was the 10th of November; Mr. Dingworth asked me if I knew a woman of the name of Jackson; and said, she resided at the Half-way-house, and that she was a woman of the most infamous character; and if he could meet with any person, whom he thought he could father that on; he said, he was sorry for the poor devil, for that he had traced a lady's character, whose name was Jackson, which was a very infamous one; he said, he would free the poor devil, if he could.
You did not know any thing of Mrs. Jackson? - Never heard of the name in my life.
And you told him so? - I did.
What more did he say? - He said, the Hampstead gentlemen had joined in a committee, and obliged him to prosecute him.
When you say you saw Mr. Dingworth in the garden, did he go to the house, or how? - No, he came to the front of the house, where the garden is; I never saw the gentleman before; I assured him I never heard of the name in my life; he asked me if I could tell him of any body else that he could father it on; because he said, he understood such people came to our house.
What people? - Bad people, I suppose he meant.
Mr. Silvester. You did not know Mr. Dingworth before? - I never saw him before.
And he came to you, to ask you if you knew any body that he could father it on? - Yes, that was the word.
There had been an examination the Saturday before? - Yes.
And on the Tuesday afterwards he came to you, and said as you have described? - Yes, Sir; and Mr. Smith, the landlord, heard him; he is in Court.
Did not you think it rather odd, that Mr. Dingworth, whom you did not know, should apply to you? - I could not say any thing to it.
But did not it strike you as something odd? - That is what Mr. Dingworth asked me.
How long have you lived with Mr. Radford? - Almost four years.
What is he? - He is with Mr. Bevan; he keeps an office; he was formerly an haberdasher; now clerk or partner, I do not know which, with Mr. Bevan.
The parcel was very muddy, you know, when Mr. Bevan brought it in? - I never had it in my hand; I could not see whether there was any direction; my business took me another way.
And never looked at all on the direction, nor whether there was any one word at all upon it? - I cannot answer to it; the place they made out to me, they desired me to enquire for.
What place was that? - I cannot tell; I did not know I was to be called on.
Did not you see them take the dish cloth, to wipe off the mud? - I was about my work; I did not see what was done.
Then you do not know whether it was muddy or not? - I heard my mistress say it was.
Did not you look? - I did not look.
Where did he say he found it? - At the top of Pond-street: they read some buildings, and desired me to enquire into it;they desired me to make more enquiry than I did; this was Saturday night; on Sunday I made no enquiry; Monday I was at Smith's publick-house, and saw Mr. Smith; I made no enquiry there, only asking for the paper.
What did you want to find? - My mistress wished for the day's paper.
For what? - To look for the advertisement.
What advertisement? - To see whether the ear-rings were advertised.
Therefore you knowing that, went to Smith's for the paper? - I did.
Did you say a single word of it to Mr. or Mrs. Smith? - No.
How near do they live to you? - About one hundred yards.
And then you was desired to go to the George? - Yes; I did not go there; I procured the paper.
Did you make any enquiries at any of the stages? - No.
At the post office? - No where.
Who is Mrs. Bournell? - She is in Court; my master and mistress rent a house of her; she keeps a private house and lets it out in lodgings; she lives at the adjoining house.
There is a communication, I understand, between this house and her's? - Yes, there is a door that opens sometimes, between our house and Mrs. Bournell's.
What is that door for? - Upon my word I cannot say.
Then your enquiries did not extend farther than your next door neighbour? - Nobody else.
Mention the name of any one reputable housekeeper in the town of Hampstead, or any person of character that you enquired of? - I cannot give you any more information than I have done; I was desired, but I really neglected it.
How could they come to you; for nobody knew this, but you and Mrs. Bournell's niece? - I looked upon it of so little consequence; I enquired as much as I thought of.
But you did not think of it at all, it seems. Now the conversation that passed with Mr. Dingworth was in your garden, Smith, the publican being present the whole time, and hearing the whole of it? - Yes.
Did not you tell Mr. Dingworth that you had received no directions at all to enquire about it? - No, Sir, I did not.
Upon your oath? - Upon my oath.


                  SAMUEL
                   RADFORD
               



             sworn.
Mr. Garrow. I understand you live at Hampstead? - Yes: I remember Mr. Bevan coming home the 31st of October, between eight and nine, and brought a box, which he said, he had found, and the directions were dirty; they were wet and muddy; he opened the box.
Did he endeavour to make out the direction? - He did, but could not.
Did you make any thing out of it? - We could make out Hampstead and Rowl: the box contained a pair of pearl ear-rings; and my servant was to endeavour to find out the place; my wife thought they contained medicines: Mr. Bevan left Hampstead on Monday morning, at six o'clock; he left them in our care; if they were enquired for, they were there; if not, when I came to town I was to bring them in my pocket: Mr. Bevan likewise desired the servant to say, if they were enquired for, that they were at our house.
When did you come to London? - On Wednesday morning, about eleven; I brought the box with me; I kept it about two hours; I know nothing of it further.
Did you know any such place as Rouse's-buildings, if you had heard this was to go there? - Never.
The remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING'S Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex, HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday, the 9th of DECEMBER, 1789, and the following Days;
Being the FIRST SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Honourable 
                  
                     William
                      Pickett
                  



               , LORD MAYOR OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY E. HODGSON, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND; And Published by Authority.
NUMBER I. PART VII.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor); And Sold by him, at his House, No. 14, White Lion Street, Islington; Sold also by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane; S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row; and C. D. PIGUENIT, No. 8, Aldgate.
MDCCXC.

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  David
                   Bevan
               



            .
Mr. Garrow to S. Radford. How long have you known Mr. Bevan? - Eleven years.
You are connected with him in business I understand? - I am now for two years; he is as worthy a character I believe, and am sure, as any gentleman in Court, that has been his general reputation.
If any body had applied at Hampstead on the Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, before you came to London, and described this, would it have been delivered to them? - Certainly, by the direction of Mr. Bevan, I looked for the advertisement on the Tuesday morning; I believe I sent to the publick house that we deal with; but they take in only a Sunday paper.
If you had found the advertisement in that paper, would you have returned the earrings? - Certainly I should.
Are you sure, whether it was Monday, or Tuesday? - I am not sure, but I believe it was the Tuesday morning.
Had the servant directions to make a general enquiry in the neighbourhood on the subject? - She had.
Mr. Silvester. It was late on Saturday night that you saw the parcel? - Yes, we thought it was in the Sunday paper.
How could that well be? - Upon my word I do not know.
What are you? - A haberdasher by trade; I have been assistant to Mr. Bevan near two years; I live at Hampstead, and Mr. Bevan generally comes there on Saturday nights.
What did he wipe the wet and mud off with? - With his own handkerchief.
You did not give him a cloth? - Upon my word I cannot say.
What do you not remember your wife giving him a cloth? - Upon my word I do not know that; I did not take any notice till the box was opened.
Where did he say he found it? - At the top of Pond-street.
Coming from whence? - From Holborn.
Did he say he was getting out of the coach, or how? - Getting out of the coach, he said, he kicked it before him; not getting out of the coach, but after he paidthe coachman, and wishing the ladies good night, he kicked it before him, and brought it to our house; the parcel was very dirty and wet.
Was it a wet night? - No, it was a fine night; if I recollect right.
It was not wet at all? - No.
The word Hampstead was plain? - Hampstead was plain; I am sure I do not know, whether Row, or Buildings, or Street.
Where was she to enquire? - I did not give it a thought.
Therefore you did not say, perhaps it belongs to the coach? - It did not occur to me at all.
Now the word Rowl, you do not know whether it was there, or Rowe? - Indeed I do not know.
You never made any enquiry at Smith's, or any public house? - No.
How did you come to town on the Wednesday? - In the stage.
I suppose you mentioned it to the stage coachman of course? - No, I did not.
Why you knew that Mr. Bevan was desirous of returning it? - Yes, but I did not mention it to a single person; I did not give it a thought.
Do you know a man of the name of Wilkinson? - Yes, I do.
Do you remember seeing him? - Yes.
What day was it? - The Wednesday.
Where did you see him? - At Mr. Bevan's house; nothing passed then about it; Mr. Bevan asked me if any body had owned these things, or if they had been enquired for, or if Mary had taken them home; says he, have you brought them to town? I said, I had not; I said there was not such a place known in Hampstead.
What place? - As some buildings, or row at Hampstead.
Court. No such place as what? - As Rouse's Buildings, or Rose, or Rowl; I cannot say: on the Wednesday evening Mr. Wilkinson, who had been in the line of jewellery; Bevan asked him whether they were pearl or beads; he declared them beads of about fifteen shillings value; and that they would of course not be advertized; and Mr. Bevan said, well, if I go to Hampstead again: I will put them into my pocket, and make the servant endeavour to find out the place; if she walks from the time I go, till I return: on Thursday Wilkinson brought in a paper, and said, Bevan, I have news for you: says he, these very same ear-rings are advertised five guineas reward.
Are you sure as to the day? - On Thursday, we were at dinner at the time; Mr. Bevan went up stairs and put on his hat, and said, I will take them home immediately: five guineas was an object to him at that time: Wilkinson's answer was, that Bevan was a damned fool if he did; for if they were advertised five guineas, they must be a mixture of pearl and beads, and that in the course of two or three days; between that time and Monday they might be advertised twenty: Bevan was not satisfied with that; but insisted on taking them home for the five guineas; and Wilkinson dissuaded him from it; I observed that he might lose the reward, which was five guineas, and he said, says he, no, if it is a month to come, he will have the same reward, as it is now advertised.
Mr. Silvester. You are sure it was on a Thursday? - Yes, the next day Bevan was apprehended; I was was not in the way; I heard no more of it till Bevan was in the Compter.
Mr. Garrow. It was when you was at dinner? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow to Twycross. What time of day did Wilkinson come to you? - On Friday morning between ten and eleven.


                  ELEANOR
                   WALBROOK
               



             sworn.
I live at Mrs. Bournel's at Hampstead, at a house joining to Mr. Radford's; there is a communication between the two houses.
Do you remember any particular enquiry about any particular place at Hampstead? - It was about the beginning of the week; the week that the things were found: Itold her I did not know; but my aunt was so very ill that I did not enquire; she said it was by the particular desire of her master and mistress; she said nothing else.


                  THOMAS
                   TURVEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Furnival's Inn, Holborn, I have known the prisoner ten years; he was recommended to me as a servant; he served me very faithfully and justly two years; he had very great property in his possession, and I always found him faithful; he bore a general good character, or else I would not have kept him: I recommended him to a very worthy family; he was two years with me: I believe it is now seven years ago; I have enquired of his character; I was not very fond of his going into his business, but I have heard he always recommended good servants.


                  JOHN
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
I live in Grays Inn, I am of no profession, I have known the prisoner about two years; till this affair, he was a very honest-man.
Mrs. BOURNELL sworn.
I live next door, I have known him almost two years, and twelve months he was a lodger of mine; an honest punctual man, true to his word.


                  HARRIOT
                   HESLOP
               



             sworn.
I am acquainted with the prisoner; he was acquainted with a lodger in a house at Hampstead, where my mother lodged; Mr. Bevan was frequently there, almost every evening; my mother had property of value there, which was constantly unlocked, and therefore, if he had been a person of bad character, he had opportunity of stealing; I looked upon him to be a very honest man.


                  THOMAS
                   EATON
               



             sworn.
I live at Chelsea; I have known him between seven and eight years, always a very honest good character; never heard any thing against him in my life.
(The prisoner called two more witnesses who gave him a very good character.)
Mr. Silvester to Mr. Dingworth. You have heard what that young woman, Morris, has said? - Yes.
Had you any such conversation with her? - The conversation I had, was in the presence of Mr. Smith, the master of the White-horse; on Monday, after the first examination, Mr. Bevan told me he had left directions with Mr. Smith at the White-horse, in case any body enquired.
Mr. Garrow. Had you such conversation with him as has been stated? - No: I had a conversation, but not such a conversation.
Had you any thing like it? - No; what I said to her was, Mr. Smith was anxious to know whether she had said that she enquired at his house, or gave any sort of notice in any shape whatever, to him or his wife, or any person in his house, about the loss of that parcel; because Mr. Smith said he was very much hurt to hear that it had been said, that she had mentioned it to him or his wife, or any person in his house; upon which, 
               
                  Mary
                   Morris
               



             said that she certainly had made no such enquiry, nor mentioned nothing of it to him or any of his family; nor she had no such orders to mention it to either, from Mr. or Mrs. Radford, nor to mention it to any body; all that she knew of it was, Mrs. Radford had said to her after Mr. Bevan was taken up, that Mr. Radford had desired her to make enquiry, but she did not hear it: that enquiry was made at the request of Mr. Smith, to clear his character; it was not my desire; he asked me to go; then I told her, says I, my girl, it has been said you had offered to carry it home, but that your mistress, or Mr. Radford, had forbid you; she prevaricated in that story; and I just said to her, my girl, I do not come here to pump you, it is for Mr. Smith's satisfaction that I came here; if you are a witness, speak nothing but truth, and I do not ask you any more; that was the whole, to the best of my knowledge, that then passed; and as to Mrs. Jackson, I had not then heard of her name.

You did not even then know Mrs. Jackson or her name? - No.
Now, did you say that you wanted to father it upon some body? - No, certainly not; I had no knowledge of any of the parties, nor of Miss Gibson.


                  JOHN
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I keep the White-horse, Hampstead.
How near was that to Mr. Radford's? - About one hundred and fifty yards.
Did you go with Mr. Dingworth to Radford's house? - Yes, on the 9th of November; I saw the maid, 
               
                  Mary
                   Morris
               



            ; I have not been in Court at all.
Tell us the whole of the conversation that passed between Mr. Dingworth and the maid? - We went to enquire of the maid, whether she enquired in the neighbourhood concerning these jewels being lost; and she told us she did not enquire, and that she did not hear Mr. Bevan desire her to enquire; but afterwards Mr. Radford had informed her that Mr. Bevan had bid her enquire, but she did not hear him.
Did she tell you when Mr. Radford told her that? - No; I do not recollect the time she said; I do not recollect nothing more.
Do you recollect any person's name being mentioned? - No, I cannot say I do; I recollect something about Mrs. Jackson at the Halfway-house.
When was that? - At the same time.
What was said about Mrs. Jackson? - I do not recollect what it was.
What day was it? - The 9th of November; it was at Radford's.
What was said about it? - Mr. Dingworth said they thought that Mr. Bevan had found the things at the Halfway-house, at Mr. Jackson's; and if at the Halfway-house, he could prove it clear against her.
Mr. Garrow. What did Mr. Dingworth say about Mrs. Jackson's character? - But little; I do not recollect that.
Does Mrs. Jackson live near the Halfway-house? - Yes.
(The Jury deliberated for some time, and then withdrew, and returned with a verdict,



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
