





452. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of May
 last, one cloth great coat, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Sewell
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   SEWELL
               



             sworn.
I drive a coach for Mr. Hart, I had been out with the last coach, about half after nine in the evening, Mr. Hart rode down with me from the White Lion, in Bishopsgate-street


, I was absent about a quarter of an hour; then there was an alarm, they said your coat is lost, they said it was a butcher; another young man and I ran after the man, and there was a mob, and the man was stopped; I went to the Compter, and found the prisoner in custody, and my great coat there.
Was the prisoner there? - Yes, I owned the coat, it was mine.


                  JOHN
                   SHARP
               



             sworn.
As I was coming through Bishopsgate-street, I saw the prisoner with a coat under his arm running in the street; I suspected he had not come honestly by it, I called out Stop thief! I heard the alarm of thieves, he was some distance from the White Lion; the prisoner asked me whether I saw him steal the great coat, I did not see him steal it, he said he picked it up in the street.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been in the Borough for my master, and coming along Bishopsgate-street, facing the Black Bull, I saw this great coat laying on the road, I have two gentlemen here to prove it, I did not know their names exactly.
For the Prisoner, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Watkins
               



             and 
               
                  Timothy
                   Kelly
               



            .


                  TIMOTHY
                   KELLY
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 19, in Bishopsgate-street, I am a taylor by trade, a master taylor; I live up two pair of stairs: All I know is, that going to Shoreditch one night, in Bishopsgate-street, there was a man walking before me; he went across the street, and picked up a bundle, he came across again, and I saw it was a great coat.
What man was it that picked it up? - He told me his name was 
               
                  Thomas
                   Brown
               



            , that is the man in the white waistcoat: it was very nigh ten.

Did you know him before? - No, my Lord, I never saw him before.
Do you know the White Lion, in Bishopsgate-street? - Yes.
How far was it off? - I cannot exactly recollect.
You live in Bishopsgate-street? - I do, I was going towards Shoreditch.
Were there coaches standing at the door? - I did not observe it particularly.
You did not know the prisoner before? - No.
You walked on about your business? - I walked on pretty fast, as I saw a mob run, and they walked faster than I did a good deal; I walked fast till I came up to the mob, and I saw this coat that he picked up, on another man's arm, that had him in hold, that was after he had picked up the great coat, then I found they had stopped the young man with the coat.
Did you say any thing about having seen him pick up the coat at the time? - When he came up I said, you are taken for this, he said, you are the man that saw me pick it up, says he, my name is 
               
                  Thomas
                   Brown
               



            , if I am called upon, I beg you will appear for me, and declare what you saw, and he gave me his direction, I did not speak to him; when I saw him pick up the great coat, it was quite a bright moon-light night; I cannot recollect the day of the month, nor the day of the week.
Court to Prosecutor. What day of the month was it? - The 14th of May, three weeks last Wednesday.
How came the prisoner to know that you saw him pick up this great coat? - I came close by him, he did not know it till I came up to the mob; I never saw him before, but when the mob seized him, I asked him, is that the great coat you picked up; I spoke to him first.
How did this man find you out again? - I beg says he, you will appear for me, you saw me pick up the coat.
Appear where? - Before the Lord Mayor he said, then I gave him my address where I lived, and he sent to me.
Court. Had you your address in your pocket? - I cannot say.
Where did you write it? - I gave it him by word of mouth, he sent to me the day after, I was too late, and he was committed.
Court. But you told these people that had stopped him in the street, that you saw him pick up the great coat? - I did.
How came it they did not discharge him? - I do not know.
Pray have you not been here before some times? - Only once.
Was not you here last sessions, do you know one Lewis? - No, I do not; I was not here as a witness on Lewis's trial.
Court. Which way do you swear, that you was or was not here last sessions? - I was not here last sessions; I never was here but once, that was for a man in Wapping, one Mr. Daniel, for an assault, for cutting and beating a person; he was tried here; the woman's life was despaired of.
How long is that ago? - I cannot say exactly.
Was you a witness for or against him? - I was against him, for the prosecutor.
(Ordered to be committed to take his trial for perjury, several gentlemen in court recollecting to have seen him the last sessions, on the trial of Lewis.)


                  THOMAS
                   WATKINS
               



             sworn.
I am an iron master, making the iron from the ore.
Where do you live? - In Little Somerset Street, No. 6, near the Minories, I am a house-keeper.
Do you know any thing about this great coat? - Last Wednesday three weeks, I was going down Bishopsgate Street, between the hours of nine and ten, I saw the prisoner stooping from the foot-way into the street, where he picked up a bundle; after he picked up the bundle he looked at it, by which I could perceive it was a blue coat, a coachman's coat; he threw it on his arm, and walked across the street with it, he was on the other side of the way from me, he went on, and I saw nothing of him till I saw a great mob at a distance, I believe it might be a quarter of a mile, upon which I went over, and he was taken hold of, and I asked the reason, the mob told me, there was a thief taken; upon which I stepped up to see the person, and saw it was the same person that I saw pick up the bundle which was the coat; I told them he had not stole the bundle, but that I saw him pick it up in the street, they paid no attention to what I said, they were going to take him away, I said, I live at No. 6, in Somerset Street, send for me, I will appear in your behalf, to testify what I have seen; he sent for me the next day, to come before my Lord Mayor, I did not happen to be at home when he sent, but as soon as I came home I went, and found he was fully committed for trial.
Was there any body else that came to answer for him? - Not that I know of, I do not know that any body came.
Court. Is this the first time that you have been a witness here? - No, I have been once before.
In what trial? - In the trial of a young man a taylor, his name is 
               
                  John
                   Cantrell
               



            ; I was a witness for him.
What were you to prove? - That he came home with me from the Strand.
At the time he was accused of committing the fact? - Yes, it was.
You are an iron master? - Yes.
Were you acquainted with Cantrell? - He had done some work for me.
Have you been here upon no other business than upon Cantrell's trial? - No, never.
Do you know 
               
                  Nicholas
                   Quirk
               



             who was tried this sessions for forgery? - I came here to make affidavit of the serving a subpoena.
Was Quirk an acquaintance of yours? - He was.
Court. You who are an iron master, now and then amuse yourself with the serving subpoenas? - I never did it before; a person came to me; his name was 
               
                  John
                   Lewis
               



            .
Was not you a taylor originally? - Never, Sir, in my life time, I was an iron master for seven years: Jones works at Messrs. Wrights and Pigotts, from over the water, at the Falcon, I do not recollect his Christian name, but I know that his name is Jones, and he afterwards worked for me, at the Bear Garden Foundry; he asked me to serve it for Mr. Quirk, I said, I did not know Mr. Quirk, but I would serve it.
What connection had it with your trade, or business? - I do not know how it came; he asked me to do it; I said, I did not care if I did.
Court to Watkins. You have had the good fortune to serve several people in distress? - Only Cantrell and him, and to serve a subpoena.
Prisoner. I had plenty of witnesses here yesterday when you put me to the bar, and they were all waiting at the door, and they came and spoke to me, and are forced to go to work to-day.
Court to Jury. This trial is become of considerable importance, and deserving your attention on account of the evidence that has been produced on it.
Court to Sharp. You are the man that first stopt this man? - Yes.
When the mob gathered about him did you see any persons come up and say, they saw him pick up that coat? - No, my Lord, not in my hearing.



               GUILTY
            .
Court. With respect to Watkins, he has asserted no facts which can be contradicted; he must take warning, but let Kelly be committed to Newgate to take his trial for perjury.
Kelly. I beg for mercy, my Lord, I am a poor old man, consider a poor old man sixty years of age.
Court. It is impossible, consistent with publick justice, to pass over so gross and impudent a perjury. It is the most impudent I ever remember committed in a court of justice; you have ventured upon oath to deny a fact, which is known to several persons.
Kelly. I beg pardon, I am sure I shall not live.
Court to Prisoner. You have been convicted of an offence, which considered merely in itself was not of a very aggravated nature, and if the case had rested entirely on the evidence given on the part of the prosecution against you, and you had been simply convicted; the court might have thought perhaps a corporeal punishment, and a confinement for a few months might have been sufficient; but here is an attempt to add to the crime, a subordination of perjury, which is of infinitely greater magnitude; the jury have formed judgment which I most entirely approve; there is not the smallest doubt on that evidence, that the judgment they have found is right: the Court consider you as in the highest degree, partaking of the guilt of those men, as well as your own, and I think it right that those people who have heard this trial should hear the sentence that the court will pronounce, and the reason why that sentence is pronounced: Therefore instead of that mild punishment, which would have been inflicted upon you; the sentence of the Court is, that you be 


               transported to America for the term of seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
