





691. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LARTER otherwise 
LARBOLD




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st day of June
 last, five ounces weight of enamel, value 1 l. 5 s. two ounces and an half of other enamel, value 15 s. two ounces of other, value 15 s. two ounces of other, value 12 s. two ounces of other, value 10 s. one ounce of other, value 5 s. a china globe, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dovey
                  



               
            .
Another count. Laying them to be the property of 
               
                  Richard
                   Dovey
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Gramshaw
                  



               
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Silvester.)


                  RICHARD
                   DOVEY
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 50, Bateman's-buildings, Soho


; I suspected the prisoner of taking two spoons; in consequence of which I went to his lodgings; I desired him to turn out the boxes; his wife opened one box, and the second, there was nothing there; I had a witness with me; the third box the wife went to open, I saw her drop some linen over something; the prisoner says, look here; no, says I, I shall look here; I said to the prisoner, you are a d - nd rascal, you have robbed me of some enamel; Sir, says he, I hope you will forgive me, it is the first offence; Sir, says I, I will not promise you that; says I, take them back; he took them under his arm, and coming down stairs, he put some through the bannisters to his wife; says I, you rascal, you are robbing me again; these are the enamels that were found in his possession.
Court. Open the enamels? - I have no knife. (Opens the enamels.) If you take my magnifier and take it at three inches: - here is a piece I have found in the prisoner's possession; I have another piece in my pocket that will match it; that will appear to any gentleman of judgement that that was one piece that flew from the other; this is the small piece which I have in my possession; when the enamel is poured upon a sheet of copper, and not properly cooled it will fly; I reckon myself a bit of a mechanic; and I know what can, or what cannot be done.
(Shewn to the Jury.)
Mr. Silvester. What is the value of that enamel, of all that you found there? - I value them at ten pounds; some I sell for a guinea, some for ten shillings, some for seven shillings, and some for five shillings per ounce.
How are these pieces used? - They are ground in an agate mortar, and then they melt it and put it on the gold; by twenty years practice I brought it to bear, to make ruby, and every colour; sometimes I have two guineas an ounce; here are a number of different colours; I dare say here are two hundred ounces in the parcel that I found in his lodgings; I have a cabinet with fourscore drawers in it, and a bureau, and when I came to take his pocket book I found a drawing of this key. (The drawing produced by the officer.) And he took a copy of all my secrets or receipts which were kept in my cabinet, so that he must have been there for a long time, I am very happy to get it again, or else I should have been ruined.
You was pretty careful of the key? - Yes, I never let my wife have it though she is a gentlewoman.
(The drawing handed up.)
Court. This is a drawing that any workman might make a key; have you a partner? - Yes, he is concerned in the enamel.
Are these valuable, or might they be thrown away? - Some I do not put much value upon, that - that is of some value to be sure, which I sell at ten shillings an ounce; it gets red in the fire, like a ruby, and never loses its colour any more; now this is a remarkable thing, it appears to you to be blue, but when it is enamelled it is a fine purple red; it is made from gold, and struck into it in such a manner that when it comes to be put on gold it is a fine purple red; it is worth ten shillings an ounce; that I sell it for to workmen; the prisoner has numbered almost every paper here to correspond with the receipts in the book.
How long has this man lived with you? - About half a year; he ground the materials, charged the furnace, and poured it out when I knew it to be ready.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. Mr. Dovey do not be angry with me because I am only going to say one word to you, and that is, another time when you come into a Court of Justice, do not presume that every man in it means to insult you; I should be very sorry to insult a man of your ingenuity.
Prisoner. My Lord, I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a very good character.
GUILTY.




               Transported for seven years
            .
He was 


               humbly recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
