





453. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COMBES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
 last, a jack plane, value 18 d. the property of 
                     
                        Colson 
                        Nesbit
                     




                  ; another jack plane, value 2 s. two iron squares, value 4 s. one iron axe, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gill
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
On the 5th of May I went in company with Barrier, to search Mr. Skinner's house; there I found a jack-plane, two squares, and an axe, among other things not in this indictment; Skinner keeps a broker's shop, he made no difficulty in letting us search; but after we found the plane, he said he had no more; and there we found them after he said he had bought no more things of the man that he bought the plane of; but we afterwards found the two squares and the axe.
(The things produced.)
- SKINNER sworn.
I am a cabinet-maker and keep a broker's shop; on Tuesday the 28th of April, the prisoner brought these things to my house, he came in the dusk of the evening, after I had shut, or was just shutting shop; he said he had these tools to sell, two planes, two squares, and an axe.
Court. How came you to say you had no more of these things? - I did not know I had any more, I thought they were sold.
ABRAHAM BARRIER sworn.
I am the constable that had a search warrant to search Skinner's house. I went with 
               
                  Charles
                   Young
               



            ; I know no more than him.


                  ANDREW
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
As I was coming along the street, I saw this plane laying for sale, I bought it of Mr. Skinner for one shilling and nine-pence; it was a double-ironed plane; I had heard of the robbery, I knew it to be lost; I gave information at Litchfield-street office, and the Justice gave me an order to search Mr. Skinner's premises.
(Deposed to.)
Barrier. Skinner told us we were very welcome to search, but we found but a fewin the shop; we found the rest below stairs, he denied having those that were below, he said he did not know who he bought them of; the Justices recommended to him to look after the thief, and it seems he was the cause of his being apprehended.
Court to Skinner. Did you know the man at the time he brought them? - Yes.
Did you know his name? - Yes; at first I was not sure, because I had bought a whole chest of tools of a cheesemonger in Brooke's-market, I have not his name now; upon seeing him, and recollecting what things I had, I was well convinced I bought them of the prisoner, and I informed the Justice.
PRISONER's DEFERCE.
Gentlemen, if it was the last thing I have to say, I know nothing of the tools; they told me at the Justices, if this does not do you, we will do you with something else; there were twenty carpenters there, and Mr. Skinner also, who said so.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
