





972. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     FARRINGTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of October
, one silver watch, value 10 s. and one steel key, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     King
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I lost my watch in Halfmoon-alley, Bishopsgate-street


, but who took it I cannot say.
Did you see your watch snatched? - Yes, but it was done so suddenly that I could not tell who it was, it was one single snatch; I think the person must follow me, and come abroad side of me, and then turn back and run, there was only one person, I turned and ran, and two men were taken, and somebody went and fetched the prisoner, he was fetched in three quarters of an hour, or an hour, I cannot say, they were all searched, and the watch was found on the prisoner; I was present when it was found, I am not sure whether it was in his breeches or in his pocket, I could not swear to the watch; I have had it seventeen or eighteen years, and it had a very remarkable string, and the person that cleaned it last there is his direction where he lives, I would not swear to the watch, nor did not, I have not the least doubt in the world but it is my watch, because of the man's name that cleaned it last; the string is very remarkable, it was a bit of waste stuff which I had, and I plaited it; the person that cleaned it his name is Richardson, watch and clock maker, Fore-street.
Had your ever noticed the maker's name or number? - No.
Had you often opened the watch so as to take notice of anything? - Not very often, it was a watch that I put into my pocket when I go into the country a fishing, and sometimes I have it not in my pocket for six months together, the glass and hour-hand have been broke since I lost it.
Do you think you can be sure of the string? - It is made of a bit of scarlet brand, such as is used for stays, I suppose there never was such another string, from the glimpse I had of the prisoner I do not think it was him that took it, I think it was a taller man, and one of the men that were taken first was a taller man.
I think you said also you did not observe more than one person in sight at the time? - No, only one person, I turned immediately.
In following that person did you get any glimpse of him again? - Not at all, it is a long alley, I believe he was stopped in the alley, but there was not light enough to see at any distance.
Mr. Peatt, prisoner's council. Is the man that cleaned your watch a journeyman? - A master.
I suppose he does a good deal of business? - Yes.
I suppose it is usual to put the name and directions in the cases of all watches? - I believe it is.
With respect to that string, you know strings are various, like people's fancies, and such a string might, for what you know to the contrary, be put to fifty watches? - I did not say there never was such a string.
No, clearly not, though it is not usual, yet it is possible that fifty other persons have put such a string to their watch? - I will not say they would not.
You have already said that whosoever it was that snatched your watch you had just a glimpse of him, and thought him rather taller than the prisoner? - Yes.
- SPENCER sworn.
I was sitting at my own door about half past nine on Monday night the third of October, and there was an alarm of stop thief, I ran directly, two men ran by and I stopped them, I took one, and one Brown took the other; Mr. King came upon two minutes, or less, and said he was robbed, I took the two men to Bishopsgate-street watch-house, and searched them; they said they knew nothing of the watch, and Mr. King said he thought one of them was the person, but he could not swear to one of them; he gave charge of them; I took them to the Poultry Compter, and being informed of the prisoner, I found him at the Ship Ale-house, Shoreditch; I asked him if he had the property, he said nothing; I brought him to Mr. King; Mr. King said he did not know whether it was him or no; said Mr. King, have you got any watch, and when he came into the public-house he said, d - n my eyes, Mr. King, if I had known it was you I would have robbed one hundred before I would have done you; says Mr. King, have you got the watch, says he, I do not know; come with me and I will take you where it is; says I, you must not go out of my custody, he desired to go into a private room, for he wanted to speak to Mr. King; we went up into a room, and he said, shut the door, I was going to order somewhat, and I saw him clap his hand to his breeches, as if he was going to draw something, he would not be searched, I took him up in my arms and laid him on the table, and took the watch out of his fob on the right hand side, Mr. King said he thought he should know his watch again; he described it as a small sized silver watch; says I, is that your watch, yes, says he, it is the string I made myself.
Mr. Peatt. I suppose there was a good many people in the alley when you took these two people? - Yes.
You only suspected them from their running, I suppose? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   DENT
               



             sworn.
On Monday the 3d of October, I went into this public house, about half after nine, and I saw three young men drinking together till half past nine, then they went on together, and in about five minutes there was the cry of stop thief; I ran out, and just as I got there some people were running, and I went up and saw two of these young men who had been drinking, I knew them again; I went and told the people of the public house, and the maid knowing them, we found out who was the third, and we took him to the watch-house; when he came to the public house, he saw Mr. King, and he said is it you, d - n my eyes I have robbed an hundred people, and I would rob an hundred more before I would rob you.
Mr. Peatt. You do not know what the prisoner did after he left the public house? - No.


                  STEPHEN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I was sitting at the Marquis of Granby's door, and I heard the cry of stop thief; I met Spencer, and assisted in taking the two men, and having information of the prisoner, we took him, and found the watch upon him.
Do you know the prosecutor, Mr. King? - Yes, so far as this, I had carried silk to his house; he lives in Horse-shoe-alley, at the sign of the Crown, he is a silk weaver, I have carried many bales of silk to him.
Court to Mr. King. Did you know the prisoner personally before? - I never saw him but once before, he might know me, my Lord, because his father lives in a house that I have.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I was going down Bishopsgate-street, a young lad came up to me, and asked me to buy this watch, and two men came across the way, and I said, I do not think you came honestly by this, he immediately run away, and I was so confused I did not know what to do; I went to the Black dog in Shoreditch, and told all the people how I came by it, and shewed it in the tap-room, and many people might hear of it in the neighbourhood; I said a chap wanted me to buy this watch, and the people at the public house told me my best way was to take it up to some officer or other to advertize the watch, and I had not been out of the house two minutes before I was taken.
Have you anybody to prove this? - I think I have people here.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
