







352. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRADY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TYRE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Dunhill
                     




                  , about the hour of eleven in the forenoon of the 9th of March
, and feloniously stealing therein, twelve yards of calico, value 10 s.
             his property.



                  JANE
                   DUNHILL
               



             sworn.
I am wife of the prosecutor, my husband keeps a linen-draper's shop
 in Oxford-street


; on the 9th of March I lost some callico about eleven in the morning, I was the only person in the shop; three boys came in to ask to look at a silk handkerchief; the prisoners are the boys, I shewed them a silk and cotton one at the price of two shillings, and the prisoner Brady said he would buy it, if the little one (Tyre) would lend him six-pence; the little one refused to lend him six-pence, and they walked out of the shop; we did not miss any thing till a man came with the callico to the shop, his name is 
               
                  George
                   Allen
               



            .


                  GEORGE
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I met three lads in Moor-street, in the parish of Saint Ann's, and knowing two of the lads, I suspected they had been stealing this; it was tied up in an apron, and I saw a piece of it hanging out; Roberts had it, I met him on the 19th of March, between eleven and twelve, I took them into custody; Roberts said he found it, the other two run away, and they were apprehended soon after, and they were soon after brought into the office, I knew them again.


                  THOMAS
                   DUNHILL
               



             sworn.
This is my property, here is the mark in my hand-writing.
Do you sell it with that mark upon it? - We leave the fag end on where we put our mark, I saw it the evening before, we had been making some particular use of it; I laid it on some Irishes on the counter, and in removing the Irishes in the morning, I laid this piece on the counter, and went out on some business, I never missed it till the man brought it in.
What is the value of it? - About eleven or twelve shillings, it is full that value.
PRISONER ROBERTS's DEFENCE.
I saw these two lads go in the shop, I met with them a little after, I thought it was a shirt lay on the counter, and I wanted a shirt and I took it; these two lads know nothing of it.
PRISONER BRADY's DEFENCE.
I went in to buy a neck-handkerchief, and this little boy and Roberts came in after us; we knew nothing of him, I have no friends.
PRISONER TYRE's DEFENCE.
I am turned of ten; I have nothing to say.
Court. How many yards of it is there? - Twelve yards, I have valued it at one shilling a yard, but the prime cost is sixteen pence per yard.
Court to Mrs. Dunhill. Did the three boys come in together? - I cannot positively tell how they came in; the three were in the shop together, and seemed to know each other.


                  JOHN
                   BRADY
               



            , aged 14, RICHARD ROBERTS, aged 14, 
               
                  JAMES
                   TYRE
               



            , aged 10,




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not privately
            .






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
