





209. 
               
                  
                     JEFFRY 
                     ASHMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of December
, one silver tongue scraper, value 5 s. a pair of iron spurs, plated with silver, value 2 s. a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 40 s. a pair of silver knee buckles, value 5 s. a woollen cloth coat, value 20 s. a waistcoat, value 10 s. a pair of silk breeches, value 10 s. eight pair of cotton stockings, value 20 s. two pair of silk stockings, value 10 s. one wooden trunk, covered with skin, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Hopkins
                  




               
            , Esquire
.


                  CHARLES
                   HOPKINS
               



            , Esq; sworn.
On the 9th of December, coming from Uxbridge to Berner's-street, I missed my trunk from behind my carriage, between the hours of five and six, I first missed it when I arrived at my own house; I advertised it the next day, with a reward of ten guineas, and I received, on the 12th, a message from Bow-street, I went there to swear to the trunk and the property, I found my property there.


                  WILLIAM
                   TIMBERLEY
               



             sworn.
I am coachman to Mr. Hopkins, I buckled this trunk on at the Crown, at Uxbridge, behind the carriage, I did not miss it till I came to Berner's-street, I then told my master we had lost the trunk.


                  JOHN
                   TUICK
               



             sworn.
I was coming up Oxford-street


, just by the Pantheon, on the 9th of December, between five and six, I saw the prisoner lift a trunk from behind a gentleman's carriage, and come across, and just as he came to the flag pavement, he lifted it on his shoulders, and 
               
                  Robert
                   Wakelin
               



             came from the other side of the street, and asked me if I saw the man with the trunk, and we went after him and took him, and Wakelin attacked him with the trunk, and he just turned his head about, and ran, I overtook him in the course of ten or twelve yards, I never lost sight of him from the time I saw him lift the trunk; we took him and the trunk to Bow-street.


                  ROBERT
                   WAKELIN
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner busily employed behind the carriage, going down Oxford-street, I then saw him take the trunk down, and cross the street, and I asked the last witness if he saw him, and we went and overtook him; I asked him where he was going with the trunk, he, without any reply, dropped it from his shoulders; we took him and the trunk to Bow-street, the trunk was put in Mr. Hopkins's charge at Bow-street, sealed with my seal, and three cyphers to it, it is the same now.
(The trunk opened and the things deposed to.)

Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
