





459. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May
 last, a linen shirt, value 14 d. a yard of muslin, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Pipe
                        



                     
                  ; a man's hat, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Blake
                  



               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   PIPE
               



             sworn.
I live at the Coach and Horses at Hampstead


; on the 25th of last month I lost a linen shirt, and a yard of muslin; they were taken out of my box, near my bed-side, I am a servant at the house; I suspected the prisoner, the shirt and muslin were both together, he slept in the same room, he came away from his master's that night; I have seen him at his master's.


                  ROBERT
                   BLAKE
               



             sworn.
I lost a hat the same time, I slept in the same room; there were two beds, I never got my hat; when he was taken he owned he had left it at one place and another, but we could not find it; I never saw him before, I said nothing to him.


                  MICHAEL
                   MALONE
               



             sworn.
I am waiter at the Fitzroy Arms, the prisoner left a shirt and two pair of stockings with me to take care of for a day or two.
(Deposed to.)


                  THOMAS
                   ARMES
               



             sworn.
I am headborough; I took charge of theprisoner on Saturday the 30th of May, I produce the prosecutor's shirt; the prisoner said he had left the hat and a shirt at the George, but there was none there; but I found this shirt at the Fitzroy Arms; then the prisoner told me he had sold the hat for eighteen-pence, and his own hat; I received this shirt from 
               
                  Michael
                   Malone
               



            .



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
