





274. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PARTRIDGE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of March last, one linen shift, value 3 s. one linen apron, value 3 s. one pair of cotton stockings, value 6 d. one pair of linen cover sluts, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Camp
                  




               
             the younger.


                  ANN
                   CAMP
               



             sworn.
I live with my mother in Whitechapel-road


, I was ill of the fever about 7 weeks ago, my mother had washed me a few things, on the 19th of March, and left them out in the garden, till about five in the evening, she went out to get a bit of supper, and I heard our bitch making a terrible noise in the garden, and I knew she would not bellow at any body but strangers; I was in bed, and our bed lies right under the widow, and when I heard the noise, I crawled up as well as I could, and looked through the window, and saw the prisoner tear down the line, and take my things away with him.
Did you know him before? - No, Sir, I saw him again that day three weeks, then I took him.
Court. I want to know whether you saw the things, or whether your mother told you that there were such things? - I am upon my oath, I saw him myself, there was an old cloth upon the line, he knocked that down, and I suppose did not think that worth taking; I was so weak, I could not get out to cry Stop thief! before he was gone; he broke three pales and got out.
Jury. How long time did you see him, at that time? - Not much above two minutes.
When did you see him again? - I was going out of my door that day three weeks, and saw this man at the very same pales, where he got over before, there is an alley close to the pales, I said nothing to him then, for there were a parcel of men playing at skittles; and he run away as fast as he could after he saw me.
Court. How came he to run from you, he had not seen you before when he took the things? - I cannot tell, Sir, but before I spoke to him, he ran away.
Were ever any of your things found? - No, the prisoner denied the fact, I asked him what he ran away for, he made me no answer.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
This witness said before the Justice, she had been light headed for two or three days, she said, she could not be positive that I was the person, then afterwards she said, I can swear to him; then said the Justice, I must commit him; then says she, you must not commit him.
Court. How came you to run away, when you saw this young woman? - I did not run away from her; there is a common necessary down there, and I went down there: I have not a friend in the world.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
