





22. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     POLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, 15,200 iron nails, value 9 s. 5,790 ditto, value 5 s. and 5 d. and other nails
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Sparrow
                  




               
            .
JOSIAH LETTENY sworn.
The prisoner was porter
 to Mr. Sparrow about fifteen weeks: I always believed him to be honest; we had an exceeding good character with him. On the 7th of November, we all left the shop together, about half past eight; I saw no more of the prisoner; I came the next morning about twenty minutes after seven, and not seeing the prisoner, I enquired of the apprentice; he said he was not come; I was impatient, and about nine, I received a letter from a man from the New Prison; I went with him to the New Prison; I found the prisoner there, and I said, Abraham how come you here; he said, I was catched by the runners last night, with some nails in a bag; I immediately said to him, not your master's nails I hope; the prisoner made answer, yes: I said Abraham I never thought this of you; which way and when did you get them out of the shop; he said a paper now, and a paper then, at a time, in his pockets: while we were talking, a person came down, who said he was an attorney, and said by G - d this is a critical matter, you must stand this man's friend, or he'll be hanged: I said I could not conceal the felony, and I would have nothing to do with it till Mr. Sparrow came to town; on the Saturday following, I was sent for to Mr. Wilmot's, and I went there.
Mr. Knapp, prisoner's council. You always thought this man to be honest. In which way are these nails put in the shop? - They are put in partitions in different quantities: it is impossible we could miss them.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
On the 7th of November, I met the prisoner; it was Saturday night; seeing him with this bundle, I followed him to Moorfields; I asked him what he had got, he said nails; he would not tell his name, where he lived, nor where he came from; I took him to the watch-house, left him there, and went for Mr. Letteny, who came and said, he believed they were his master's; afterwards, we took the prisoner to New Prison.
(The nails produced, and the paper as marked by Letteny, who believes them to be the same.)
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            ,




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
