





9. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th day of November
, one furr muff, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Thompson
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am a haberdasher
 in Oxford-street


; I deal in muffs as a part of my business; I lost a red fox skin muff, that is a furr muff, on the 24th of November.



                  JOSEPH
                   WEEDON
               



             sworn.
I keep a shop in Oxford-street; on the 24th of November, about five in the evening, the prisoner came to my shop for some trifling articles; I served her; I had lost a muff prior to this a week before; the person that took it was described to me, and I had a suspicion of this woman; and she went out of the shop; and in about half an hour she came in again disguised with the hood of her cloak up, for some trifling article; her face was hardly visible; that confirmed my suspicions; I called a person forward that served her at the time the muff was stolen; she said, she suspected it was the person; upon that I followed her; she joined company with another woman; I followed them down the street to Mr. Thompson's shop; they went in there to buy something; I stood pretty near the window; I saw a muff taken from the window; I was not clear it was taken by her; when she came out of the shop I secured her.
Was there any body else in the shop? - No customer.
How long did she stay in the shop? - Not above two minutes; then I secured her, and took the muff from her; she endeavoured to force it between the bars of the area; I got assistance and secured her. (The muff produced and deposed to.) It cost twenty-five shillings; it is very well worth twenty shillings.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
There was another woman in the shop; I never touched the muff.
Weedon. The person that was in company with her was what they call at the office a standing bulk, to receive what she stole; she stood at the door; I secured her, but nothing being found on her, she was discharged.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
