





45. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ANDERSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d day of May
 last, one silver watch, value 4 l. one steel chain, value 2 s. two stone seals set in metal, value 2 s. and one guinea, value 1 l. 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Robertson
                        




.


                  JOHN
                   ROBERTSON
               



             sworn.
I am a gentleman's servant
; I live with Doctor 
               
                  Marshall
               


            ; I lost a watch, a chain and seals, and a guinea, on or about the 2d of May, but I am not positive; I was coming along Fleet-street, about four o'clock in the afternoon, and the prisoner came up to me, it was a pretty warm day, and the prisoner said it was not so warm in his country, I looked round at him and he said he came from Scotland, and on saying these words he looked down on the pavement, and picked up a green silk purse: he said, here is something; I asked him what was in it, he said, he supposed it was bank notes, as he felt something soft, he said, I had a right to part of it, or he would give me part of it, and he proposed to go to the other side of the way to see what was in it, for he said, if we opened it in the street some person would come and own it, and we went into a house at the end of Chancery-lane


; on opening the purse there was this ring, and a receipt for a gold diamond ring from one Mr. Smith, a Jeweller in London, for two hundred and twenty-seven pounds eighteen shillings and six-pence. (The ring and purse shewn to the Court.) Then another young man came in, and the prisoner asked him to read the receipt; he said he would; he said he was a clerk to Mr. Drummond, of Charing Cross, the Banker: I never had the receipt, the prisoner kept it: the young man asked the prisoner where he found it, the prisoner said he found it just now, the other young man told me after reading the receipt, I need not be afraid of him, for he was a clerk; the prisoner said he would give money for my part, for he had a friend going to the East Indies, and it would be of more service to him, and he would leave the ring with the other gentleman, the pretended clerk, while he went to seek his friend; he went, and returned, and said his friend was not at home: the pretended clerk said, it was dangerous to let him go away, for there were a great many sharpers about London: as the prisoner said he would call again, the clerk said, there was so many sharpers about, it was not safe to let him go away with it, so I gave him my watch and a guinea, and he left me the ring.
Did you ever get your watch again? - No, but it is here.
When was the prisoner taken up? - I think it was the 28th of October; I found him coming along the Strand; he came and beckoned to me as if he wanted to make an acquaintance of me; I thought I knew him, I held him and kept him fast, and carried him to the Justice.
Mr. Chetwood of Council for the Prisoner. My Lord, this is an indictment for a felony; I humbly submit to your Lordship, that on the part of the prosecutor there was an agreement entered into; the prosecutor left the watch in the hands of the prisoner, and the purse was put into the hands of the prosecutor, and therefore if there was any deceit whatever, either on one side or the other, I should humbly apprehend that it is not a felony, but a contract.
Court. I remember such a case here at the Old Bailey; I am trying to recollect the particulars.
Mr. Chetwood. My Lord, there was a case where the man was convicted, but that was for snatching money.


                  WILLIAM
                   COLLIER
               



             sworn.
There was a gentleman came on Monday morning to me, and he said he would deliver the property, as the prosecutor was a lodger of mine, if the man could be set at liberty.
Court. That is nothing at all.


                  SARAH
                   NORRIS
               



             sworn.
I keep a publick house in Russel-court, and three strangers came in with the last witness, they asked me to take hold of the watch and the guinea till they came back again, they said it was no harm.
Court. Then the whole of this charge rests upon the evidence of the prosecutor.
Mr. Chetwood. Did you pick up the purse or did the prisoner find it? - The prisoner found it.
You saw him pick it up? - I did.
Could you read? - Yes.
It seems the prisoner could not? - I do not know.
How was the bargain made between you, about who should have the ring? - Anderson said, he would not take the money for his part of the ring, but he would give me the money for my part.
Did you settle upon any price that he was to pay? - The half of the receipt.
Who had the ring? - I had it, I gave him my watch and a guinea, till his friend came home, and he was to call by seven o'clock with the money.
Court. Has Mr. 
               
                  Norris
               


             the watch and guinea now? - Yes.
Court. Give them to the prosecutor.
Court to Prosecutor. Now in the first place put that watch and guinea in your pocket.
Mr. Chetwood to Prosecutor. Upon your oath was it the prisoner or the banker's clerk, that you gave your watch to? - I cannot say I gave it to the prisoner, but he took it out of the house.

You did not give it to him? - I cannot say I recollect.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen of the Jury. This prisoner, 
               
                  John
                   Anderson
               



            , is indicted for stealing this watch and a guinea, and the prosecutor luckily for public justice was too wise to accept the watch and guinea again, but has brought the prisoner before you: This is what is vulgarly called a swindling transaction; an evident sharper who makes it his business to pick up unwary countrymen of this kind, to impose on them in this manner by so gross a fraud: It has happened to myself since I have had the honour of sitting here, to try two or three of these people, but not exactly under the same circumstances; two I think, I tried, and they were both convicted, but the circumstances were different from this; however, I have talked with the Recorder, and also with Mr. Reynolds and Mr. Sheldon, who are extremely conversant in the business here, and they concur with me, that there have been cases of this kind where prisoners have been convicted of a felony: And it has been determined by the Judges, that a man shall not under a pretence and guise of fraud, be enabled to plunder an innocent man, and they have gone to the bottom, to the true found principle to guide them by, they have enquired why, with what view was it, that all this was done, and as in this case, for what was it that this man produced this ring, for what was it that he said, he would go to his friend and get money for this ring, for what purpose was all that done, but to obtain from this prosecutor the watch and the guinea; if the intention was fair, if in truth there was such a friend, then it would be a fair transaction, a foolish one on both sides, but a fair one. But it is to be left to you gentlemen of the Jury, whether under all the circumstances of the case you believe the whole to be a fraud and imposition on the prosecutor, and if you do, you will then consider what was the intention of the prisoner in holding this discourse, and in the whole transaction; whether it was with intent to get into his possession the watch and guinea, never intending to restore them: And if so, of course then you will conclude that he intended feloniously to obtain the watch and guinea: If a man hires a horse and rides away with it, it is felony: So here, if this man got possession of the watch and money by this pretence, with intention either to sell the watch or convert it to his own use, it is a felonious intent. If you suppose the transaction was a fair one, and that the prisoner had such a friend, in that case to be sure you will acquit him; but if you think his intention was felonious in obtaining this watch and the guinea, in that case you will find him guilty of the charge in the indictment.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
