





616. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BLATHERHAM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               returning from transportation, and being found at large on the 15th of September
 last, without any lawful cause
            .
(The Record read as before.)



                  SAMUEL
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
I live in Kingsland-road, I recollect the prisoner.
You are sure of it? - Yes.
Was you at the apprehending of him? - I was, I saw him at the Bell and Grenadier in Montague-street


, about half after six yesterday evening, I and two more apprehended him.
Did he make any resistance? - No, he behaved very well.


                  THOMAS
                   BRADBURY
               



             sworn.
Is this one of the men that returned from the ship? - Yes, I perfectly recollect him.
What part did he take in that business? - He was among the rest.
Was he more active or passive? - I do not know rightly, he was among the rest, I believe he had a pistol or something of that kind with him.
Was he one of the ringleaders? - No, Sir.
Court. Was any one compelled to go, or were they all volunteers? - They were all volunteers, there was none compelled to go, there was one man refused to go, which was taken up last night, I heard him swear he would not go, but he went at last, they persuaded him.


                  JOHN
                   OWEN
               



             sworn.
Look at the prisoner, do you recollect him? - I do, he was convicted in February sessions, and he was sentenced to be transported for seven years; on the 16th of August I took him with others down to the Swift, I delivered him to the care of the Captain and the mate Mr. Bradbury.
Prisoner. Please to ask Mr. Bradbury whether I used any body ill; I never did.



               GUILTY
            



               Death
            .








[Pardon on condition of Transportation. See summary.]



