





480. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROBINSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Richards
                        



                     
                  , spinster, on the King's highway, on the 22d of March
 last, and putting her in fear and danger of her life, and feloniously taking from her person and against her will, one cloth cloak, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Webb
                  



               
            .
The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.


                  MARY
                   RICHARDS
               



             sworn.
I live in James-court, Old-street; I am a servant
, I was robbed on the 22d of last month, about eight at night, in Old-street


; I had been towards the church, and was coming home from there, and as I was coming along, that there man stood and catched me in his arms, and took my cloak, and put it under his arm and ran away, and I run and cried stop thief.
Did he speak to you? - No.
Had he any thing in his hand? - Nothing that I saw.
How old are you? - Turned of fifteen; I never saw him before to my knowledge; I was near the lamps, it was moon-light, he was taken directly, he ran down Whitecross-street, and was taken in that street; I do not know the gentleman's name that took him, he is here; I was just out of sight when he was taken; the constable has my cloak; it was the cloak of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Webb
               



            .


                  JOSEPH
                   HAWES
               



             sworn.
I am the officer that took charge of the man; the cloak was then delivered to me; I did not take him.


                  THOMAS
                   HUDSON
               



             sworn.
I heard the cry of stop thief, I was walking up White-cross-street, I crossed the way, and the prisoner jumped right against me; I immediately stopped him, and just before I laid hold of him, I saw him drop the cloak.
(The cloak deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been after a place, and coming down Old-street I passed this young woman, several people were coming, I heard the cry of stop thief, and was stopped by the butcher; another gentleman came up to the young woman, and says, here is your cloak.
Court. What are you? - I am a gentleman's servant; I believe I have people to speak for me, they have been here three days.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a very good character.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of putting in fear
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
