






109. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SUMNER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, one wooden bedstead and sacking, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Collins
                  



               
            :
And 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     RYAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  MARY
                   COLLINS
               



             sworn.
On the 3d of December, I missed this bedstead, and on the 7th I was informed it was in Mrs. Ryan's cellar; it had been standing in a shed on the outside of a house, it was part of a bedstead; I went to Mrs. Ryan's, and there I saw it; she keeps a house in Hedge-lane



; I got the two fore legs, the screws, the curtain-rod, and the teaster; she was not at home; the constable took her and it to Bow-street; I know nothing of Sumner.
Does she keep a shop? - Yes, old iron and rags.
Mr. Garrow. A common broker's shop.


                  JOHN
                   M'GUFFAN
               



             sworn.
I know nothing of the theft, only finding a part of the bedstead; I believe the man had stolen some other things, and confessed this among the rest: I was present; the confession was taken in writing; I believe the woman was in custody; she keeps an old iron shop, and rags
.
Does she deal in any thing of this sort? - I did not see any household furniture but this; it was laying loose in the cellar, and the door open; I could stand in the street and see it in the cellar; the most valuable part, the prosecutrix said, she had at home; I would not give half a crown for these.


                  HENRY
                   HADDRICK
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner very well; I saw him sign that confession; and I saw Mr. Bond the Justice sign it; there was not a single thing said to him; it was perfectly voluntary; I signed my name only once; but I heard him make two.
What was the occasion of his making two? - I do not know.
Was he talked to, was he persuaded? - I said nothing.
Did any body say any thing to him to induce him to make the second? - I believe the only reason was, the man had made one confession, and he afterwards heard not a word from me.
Mr. Garrow. What did Mr. Bond say to him? - I did not hear a word.
Did not Mr. Bond say something like this, you have not told us all, is there not something more? - I do not know.
How was it that a man who had made one confession should make another? - From the time he had made the first confession; I was always in company with three or four people.
Upon your oath, did not Mr. 
               
                  Bond
               


             the Justice, or some other person say something to the man to induce him to make a further confession? - I have taken an oath, and I know what an oath is; I know nothing at all about it.
Do you say, what he afterwards said, was without any inducement, and that without any persuasion he made another confession? - To the best of my knowledge he did.
Did he say, now, Mr. Justice, you are but a fool of a Justice, for I have been making one confession, and I have not told you all? - No.
Did the Justice say to him, now, Mr. Sumner, there is a great deal behind, and you had better tell the whole truth, was that the way? - Why Sir, as to that particular way I know nothing about; it was nothing like that.
What induced him to make a second confession? - I tell you once for all, I do not know; I did not hear any thing; but he said, he did it voluntarily; I did not see the second confession signed; I believe my name was to the first.
What was the result of all this? - I know nothing at all about it.
Court. Did you see this man sign two confessions? - I saw him sign one, no more.
Which was that? - I think it was the confession about the bedstead.
Mr. Garrow. Will you swear that this you have put your name to is the one you saw him sign, signed 
               
                  John
                   Sumner
               



            ; the first examination of 
               
                  John
                   Sumner
               



            ; the 7th of December, 1786.
"Says, that on
"Thursday night last, about half past
"eight, he feloniously stole from under an
"archway of 
               
                  Mary
                   Collins
               



            , at the above
"house, the bedstead now produced, which
"he then hid in a field, and then took to
"the house of Bridgett Ryan; that on
"Friday last, when he sold the plough
"coulter, and plough plate; he told her
"the man that kept the Red Cow, had a
"bedstead to sell; she said, she would
"buy it if she could get a penny by it;
"she said, have you brought it; he said,
"yes: she asked what the man asked for
"it; he said nine shillings; she said, they
"were worth little or nothing; he said,
"they were something; she said, I will
"give you half a crown for it; she gave
"him two shillings, observing she had no
"more money about her."


                  HENRY
                   HUTCHINS
               



             sworn.
I heard the prisoner say he had sold the bedstead for two shillings to Mrs. Ryan; I went with him to search for some plough irons.
Was the woman there? - Yes.
What did she say? - She made some excuse; she did not buy it of him; and he said, he had two shillings in part, and was to have half a crown.
Mr. Garrow. Did not she say that the man came and offered it to her, and she lent him two shillings upon it till he had fetched the owner, then she was to give him the rest? - I did not hear any thing of the kind; I cannot call to mind any thing of the kind.
Are you sober? - I am very sober.
You found no plough irons? - No.
You found the broken part of the bedstead there? - Yes.
Were there any irons belonging to it? - I do not know.
Do you know what it is worth? - No.
Did the woman deny she gave him two shillings in part? - I believe she did; I do not know whether she did or not: I say she did deny buying of it.
Tell me what she said about it; did not the woman admit that she gave two shillings in part? - I do not remember any thing of it.
Do you remember what she said in answer to that? - She said, she did not buy the bedstead.
Will you venture to swear that she ever said, she gave the man no money? - I do not remember she did.
Did not she say expressly that she had lent him two shillings? - No, she did not; I do not remember it; I cannot remember any thing more than what I have told you.


                  WILLIAM
                   COOMBES
               



             sworn.
I went with the constable to search Mrs. Ryan's cellar; we found the bedstead and took it up to the office; the woman swore to it.
Was Ryan there? - She was there at Bow-street office when the bedstead was produced; she was not at home when it was found. (Produced.) She was not at the house when it was found; Sumner was there; and Ryan acknowledged she received the bedstead of him; but whether she gave him the money upon it, or whether she bought it outright, I cannot tell.
Prisoner Sumner. I did not sell the woman the bedstead.


                  JOHN
                   SUMNER
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            ,




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  BRIDGET
                   RYAN
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
