





379. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARSONS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Catherine 
                           Ferber
                        



                     
                  , widow
; about five in the afternoon, on the 11th of April
, and stealing one woollen waistcoat, value 6 d. a linen apron, value 6 d. a napkin, value 6 d. a shift, value 6 d. the property of the said Catherine; three shirts, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John Urnham 
                           Geems
                        



                     
                  ; two shirts, value 2 s. one cotton stocking, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Sweetzer
                        



                     
                  ; two other shirts, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sweetzer
                  



               
            .


                  CATHERINE
                   FERBER
               



             sworn.
On the 10th of April last, my house was broken open, and I lost my linen off the lines, out of my room; it is a low room, not a cellar; it is on the ground-floor, only one step from the door; I lost all the articles that are mentioned in the indictment.
Was your house broke open at all? - No, it was not; I was down stairs at six; this was half after five, and when I came down, the linen was gone.

Did you ever see any of the things on the prisoner? - No, I did not see him in the house.


                  JOHN
                   HURMAN GEEMS
               



             sworn.
I lost the several articles in this indictment; I delivered them into her hands.


                  GEORGE
                   SWEETZER
               



             sworn.
I had some property in Mrs. Ferber's house, in April last, that are mentioned in the indictment; I do not live in the house; I knew nothing of the robbery till the next day.


                  JOHN
                   SWEETZER
               



             sworn.
I had two shirts in Mrs. Ferber's house, in April last; I did not see the prisoner in the house, nor the property upon him.


                  MATHEW
                   MONKMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a lodger; I know nothing of the prisoner, any further, than that I locked up the house, the over night; and was the first that opened it in the morning.
Had the linen been taken away before or afterwards? - I was out about half an hour; I had not seen the window open for these five years before; and when I returned, I found the window up to the top, there were no lath, cords or any thing of that sort; I was the first that went out, and opened two shutters, and pulled the door after me and fastened it; it goes with a spring-lock; I took the key with me; I came back about twenty minutes before six, and found a large sash open; it was not open that morning; I took down the shutters myself.
Was there any fastening to the sash? - No; only some lift, stuffed in at the top between the upper sash and the under one, and a good deal of green baize; the prisoner was not taken in the house; I never saw my property upon him; I only came here to speak to the situation of the house.


                  HENRY
                   HUDSON
               



             sworn.
I am constable; I was going to Batter-sea on the Thursday morning, between the 10th and 11th of April, between five and six; the prisoner passed me in Fleet-market with this bundle under his arm; he passed me a little way, and I thought there was something suspicious in his looks; I turned back to look after him; and he turned back to look after me; and he turned up the first turning he came to; I then followed him, and called after him; he did not stop; I hastened my pace and overtook him; I asked him, what he had there; he said, some linen; I asked him, what linen; he said, some shirts; I asked where he was going with them; he said, to his mother; I asked him, what he was going to do with them; and he said, he was going to get them ironed; he said, he brought them from over Black Frier's-bridge; I then told him, I should like to look at them; he put them down on the ground, and began to undo them; I asked him how many shirts there were; he said, he did not know; I asked him, if there was any thing else; he said, no; and I stopped him; they were in the same state they are now, only quite wet; I have kept them ever since; I took the prisoner into custody; he said nothing more, only going along, he was making some little bustle about his pocket, and he got this knife into his hand; and I had a good deal of trouble to get it out; he swore a many bitter oaths, that he would not part with it.
Did he offer any violence, or open the knife? - No, I told him then, if he would not go peaceably, I would get a cord and tie him.
Prisoner. Did you search me, and take that knife out of my pocket? - I did not search him; I took the knife out of his hand, and with a great deal of difficulty.
(Mrs. Ferber deposed to the shift, and white apron, and napkin, and a waistcoat.) I have no mark upon any of them, but I can swear to them; I made them; I swear to the waistcoat, so help me God, by this patch; I washed upon Wednesday, and hung them up between seven and eight that night.

Mr. Gearus deposed to his three linen shirts, two coarse shirts, J. H. G. upon them; and the fine shirt with I. G. upon it only. This woman washed for me; I gave them to her to be washed.
George Sweetzer. These two shirts are mine, and one stocking; this is a new shirt; I have the fellow of it at home; I sent them to be washed.
(
               
                  Thomas
                   Sweetzer
               



             deposed to his two shirts.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been to the fair in the morning, and coming from the fair, I saw that bundle of linen; it was wrapped up in a waistcoat, under the gateway; going down Water-lane, says the gentleman, my lad, where are you going at this time of night? I said, I had been to the fair, and I was taking it to my mother, to bring it to the Green dragon the next morning; I have no witnesses; there was a gentleman here yesterday and the day before, who saw me pick it up; his name is Holmes. (Called but did not appear.)
Court to Mrs. Ferber. What time did you go out that morning? - I did not go out that day at all; when I came down stairs my linen was gone.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of breaking the house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
