





221. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WATSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of December
 last, one silver table spoon, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Logie
                        



                     
                  , Esquire
; and one shirt, value 4 s. and one cotton handkerchief, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Skelton
                        



.


                  MARY
                   SKELTON
               



             sworn.
I have not seen the prisoner a great many years, and he came to see me on the Thursday before New Year's Day; I live at No. 14, Fludyer-street


, with Mr. 
               
                  Charles
                   Logie
               



            , it was about one, or a little after, I asked him into the kitchen, he was a little while in the kitchen, and when he went away, I missed the spoon, it was a table spoon, with my master's crest.
Do you know what the crest is? - I believe it is a hand and a branch in it; I missed also a shirt and a handkerchief, the property of my husband; I knew the prisoner, he did live with Sir 
               
                  Charles
                   Gray
               



            ; I had all the things in the kitchen that day.


                  THOMAS
                   HYNES
               



             sworn.
I am a pawn-broker, I live in the Broad Sanctuary, Westminster; between two and three, on the 30th of December, the prisoner first offered me a table spoon, and asked me seven shillings for it; I asked him whose it was; he said it was his own; I asked him if it was his crest, and he said, no, but it was his own spoon, and the shirt and handkerchief, which he wanted ten shillings upon, I lent him half a guinea, having no silver.
(The things produced and deposed to.
Prisoner. I never took any of them there.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before the Lord Chief Baron.
