





9. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2d of November
 last four linen sheets, value 40 s. eight linen towels, value 10 s. and two linen aprons, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Streight
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William
                         Crane
                     



.


                  AMELIA
                   STREIGHT
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 5, Leather-lane


, in the house of 
               
                  William
                   Crane
               



            ; I lost four sheets and ten pieces.
Court. What do you call pieces? - Coarse cloths, rubbers, or dusters; I brought them into my room; I had fetched them from being dried; I brought them in as near as I can guess about seven at night, the 22d of November; I had just brought them in, and went up stairs and came down, and somebody knocked at the door, and I locked my parlour door and went over to the coal-shed to serve a peck and a half of coals, and somebody got in at the window while I was gone; I saw the things in the parlour when I went over the way; I was there some time; I could not find my measure, and a gentleman called out, and said I was robbed; I came back, and my cloaths lay in the street; I called out for assistance, and picked them up.
C ourt. Did you see any body drop them? - No, I laid hold of the prisoner, a man had hold of him; at that time the things lay in the coach-way.
Was the window fastened? - The window was not fastened, only pulled down.


                  WILLIAM
                   CRANE
               



             sworn.
What occasioned you to seize the prisoner? - I saw him convey the basket out of the window; I was coming down the street between seven and eight; I actually saw him convey the basket out of the ground-floor window, and laid hold of him while the basket was in his hand, that was the reason of the clothes being thrown about the highway; there were three men with the prisoner, they all escaped.
(The things produced and deposed to by Mrs. Streight.)
Court. I see you suppose them altogether to be worth about 50 s.? - My Lord, we were told to value them, and I did not know; I never was upon any such thing before; I leave that to the Court.
Prisoner. Where was I when Crane laid hold of me? - Off of the pavement, with the basket in his hand.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming a quite contrary way; I heard a cry out, I stopped and asked what was the matter; I had nothing on me; he came to me on the flag stones, and laid hold of me, and said, says he, you are one of them.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  BARON
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
