






866. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEAR
                  




               
            , aged 13, and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DALTON
                  




               
            , aged 11, were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
, a cotton shawl, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Fellows
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   FELLOWS
               



             sworn.
I am a haberdasher
, No. 19, Tottenham-court-road


; I lost a shawl out of my shop; the prisoners took it out of the middle of the shop; it was upon a horse which we hang them on to shew; I did not see either of the boys take it; I saw it about three hours before, about ten in the morning; I did not see the boys about the shop ever; I did not sell it.


                  ROBERT
                   HANMER
               



             sworn.
I live opposite the prosecutor's; about one, on the 28th of September, I saw three lads walking to and fro' the prosecutor's house; I saw one of the lads go up to the street door, the shop door is in the middle of the shop, and he unhooked a shawl that was hanging in the front of the shop; that boy is not here, he has since escaped; the woman at the next door came out, seeing them lurking about the door, and bade them go away; the boys then walked about twenty yards from Mr. Fellows's; then they all three came back together, and the biggest of the prisoners went into the shop, and took this shawl, which I have in my pocket, from the horse that was in the shop; the shawl has been in my possession ever since; I then ran after the boy, and the tallest boy that took the shawl, gave it to Dalton, as they were running; about twenty yards from the house, he put it in the bosom of his coat, and I took it from him; I took the two prisoners, the third boy ran away.
(the shawl deposed to.)
Prisoner Lear. I do not know what to say.
Prisoner Dalton. I do not know.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
