





764. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of October
, two muslin aprons, value 10 s. three handkerchiefs, value 2 s. two caps, value 1 s. three laced robbins, value 2 s. and five plain robbins, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Gillett
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   OWEN
               



             sworn.
I am a hackney-coachman; last Saturday was a fortnight, I was at Grace-church-street


; I heard the cry of stop thief! the prisoner came by, and he cried stop thief: I took the man to Compter; the things were taken to the lady they belonged to, and account taken of them: They are here.
Prisoner's Council. You did not see him drop the bundle? - He dropped the bundle after I saw him, he was rather surprised at my stopping him.


                  HANNAH
                   TOUGH
               



             sworn.
Between seven and eight o'clock in the evening of last Monday, near the end of Lombard-street, a man came behind me, between me and the wall, and put both his hands upon me, and took my bundle from me: The things were the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Gillett
               



            ; I cannot say what things they were; the last witness stopped him.
Prisoner's Council. You did not see the person that robbed you? - I did not see a person near me within a dozen yards.

You did not see who took it? - I saw a man's arm.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Coming along a young lad ran before, he snatched the bundle, I ran after him by the side of the coaches; a coachman caught at him and he threw down the bundle; I picked up the bundle and ran on, and a coachman took me.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
