





618. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CHIPCHASE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of May
, sixty yards of carpet, value 6 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Baxter
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JAMES
                   BAXTER
               



             sworn.
I lost the carpet on Wednesday the 26th of May, about nine in the evening I missed it from my shop window, which is in Piccadilly


, I saw the carpet at the Black Bear gateway after it was thrown down, the prisoner had been a servant
 of mine for many months, the prisoner was brought back in custody, when I saw the carpet I charged him with the fact, and he begged for mercy that I would not hurt him, the carpet stood on my window inside.
Court. You are sure it was in the inside? - Yes.
(The carpet deposed to.)


                  ELIZABETH
                   BLUNDELL
               



             sworn.
I live next door to Mr. Baxter, I stood at my own bar, and I saw the prisoner pull the carpet out of Mr. Baxter's window, with intent to lay it on his shoulder, and another man helped him with it on his shoulder, I believe it was about eight in the evening of the 26th of May, my bar window juts out, I can see each way.
Does the window project? - Yes.
Was the carpet withinside or without? - It was level to the front of the house.
How do you know it was the prisoner? - I know the prisoner perfectly well, but I did not know at that time it was him till they brought him back again.
Then how do you know now that it was the prisoner? - When I saw him taking it away, I rapped at the window, thinking that might prevent him taking it, and I went to call Mr. Baxter's servants, and when I returned back, I saw a man in the gateway with the carpet on his shoulders, during which time he had been out of my sight, the carpet was on his shoulders when I saw him enter the yard.
Did you follow him into that Bear-yard? - No.
Did you see any more of him? - No.
When you saw him with the carpet on his shoulders did you then know it was the prisoner? - No.
How do you know then that the man that was brought back was the same man that you saw take the carpet? - I cannot tell that, there is a gentleman that should be here, that saw him drop the carpet.
But you yourself cannot swear that the man that was brought back was the same man that you saw take the carpet? - No.
Court to Prosecutor. When you first went into the Black Bear yard, the carpet was laying there, where was the prisoner then? - My man had got hold of him.


                  RICHARD
                   WOOLEY
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday the 26th of May. I was up stairs in my own apartment between seven and eight, I cannot be positive to the time, and my father called me down, and desired me to look sharp about the shop windows, he thought they were after our windows, I looked out and saw three chaps standing at the corner of the Castle gateway, one of which was the prisoner at the bar.
Are you sure of that? - Positive of it, I then called my father and asked him if that was the person he meant, he said it was, the prisoner was dressed the same as he is now, they then went away towards the Haymarket, I stepped out on the pavement and watched them, one of them left the other man and went towards the Hay-market, the man stopped opposite to Mr. Baxter's shop, and the prisoner was standing in a stooping position, as if he was pulling something, then the other lifted the carpet upon his shoulders.
Did you see the carpet lifted on his shoulders? - I saw that myself, he was going away with it on his left shoulder, I pursued him, he that helped him up with it crossed the way, and the prisoner turned up the Black Bear yard with it, about thirty yards from Mr. Baxter's house, about three parts up this yard, there is a part rather narrower than the other and darker, when I came about three yards off him, I saw him let the carpet fall and run away, he tumbled over it, the prisoner was not out of my sight, only at the turning of the corner out of the gateway, that was after he got the carpet, that was only for a moment of time, I got sight of him directly, I might be six or eight yards behind him, I have no doubt at all but that was the same person.
Did you know him before? - I never saw him before.
Whereabouts in Mr. Baxter's shop window was the carpet standing? - It is an open window, it stood upon the stool-board, as soon as I came back I observed the situation of the other carpets, and I observed that they were all within where the shutters went.
Because in some shops there is a board that projects beyond the window of the shop? - I pursued him, and turning the corner of Sherrard-street, I called stop thief, and a man stopped him, I instantly came up with the prisoner and laid hold of him, and told him he must come along with me, at the corner of the yard Mr. Baxter came up to him and laid hold of him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Last Tuesday evening after I had done work, I went to see my mother as I usually did, she desired me to go to the White Horse Cellar, to see if my uncle was come to town, as I was coming back a man asked me to earn a shilling, he said he wanted me to carry that carpet, and he put it on my shoulders, he went down the Black Bear yard, and I went after him, I am innocent of it.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.




               GUILTY. Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
