






321. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HOBBS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     GILES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Shutt
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night, on the 26th day of February
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one deal box, value 12 d. one livery cloth coat, value 5 s. one fustian coat, value 3 s. one fustian waistcoat, value 12 d. one striped flannel waistcoat, value 12 d. a white dimity waistcoat, value 5 s. one pair of velveret breeches, value 2 s. two pair of leather breeches, value 2 s. one pair of leather shoes, value 5 s. six shirts, value 30 s. six muslin neckcloths, value 6 s. one linen neck-handkerchief, value 3 s. five yards of nankeen cloth, value 5 s. one pair of silver boot-garter buckles, value 3 s. six gowns, value 30 s. and one crown piece, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Durant
                        



                     
                  ; and one cloth coat, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Hemmings
                  



               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   DURANT
               



             sworn.
I am groom
 to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Dyer
               



             in St. James's-street; I lodge at Mr. 
               
                  William
                   Shutt
               



            's; I left my room about three in the afternoon, and the things were all safe; this was on Sunday the 26th of February: I left 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Ross
               



             in the room when I went out; I came home about a quarter before eleven; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment. (Repeats them.) I know nothing of the persons that committed the robbery.



                  GEORGE
                   HEMMINGS
               



             sworn.
I lodge in the same room with the prosecutor; I saw these things upon the bed between six and seven, when I went to clean myself, nobody was in the room, I found the door locked, and the key left in the door.
What things did you see on the bed? - I saw his frock and things lay upon the bed, and the box was there by the side of the bed, in the place where it used to stand; I left the room about half past six, and locked the door; I went to bed about half past ten, and I found Thomas Row in the room when I came in; he slept in the room; he was undressing himself; there were four persons lodged in this room; when I went in, I saw the things were gone from the bed, and I asked Row what he had done with the things? He said he had done nothing with them.
What is Thomas Row? - He is a postilion.
Who did he live with? - Mr. Blackwhite.
Have you known him long? - No.
Do you know what character he bears? - No.


                  THOMAS
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
I went with the prosecutor to the house of the prisoner Hobbs in Theobald-road, he is a Sawyer by trade, and keeps a house there; I found some things, which the prosecutor claimed; Jealous produces the things; the prisoner Hobbs was there when we found the things.
What did he say? - He said they were brought to him by 
               
                  Henry
                   Giles
               



            ; then I went and found the prisoner Giles at his lodgings in Vine-street, Saffron-hill; I found a pair of shoes on him, which the prosecutor owned, and the next day I found some books at the prisoner Giles's mother's, which the prosecutor said were his.
Was Giles present when the things were found at his mother's? - No, he was in custody.
Did Giles say any thing in your hearing? - No, he said he would tell the truth.
Mr. Knowlys, Counsel for the Prisoner Hobbs. Hobbs always persevered in the same story that the things were brought there by Giles? - I never heard him say so but once.
Is not Hobbs's house let out in lodgings? - I have heard so.
Was Giles acquainted with any of his lodgers? - I cannot say, he might.


                  CHARLES
                   JEALOUS
               



             sworn.
I went to Hobbs's with the last witness; I went in on the 28th, and Hobbs sat in a little room behind the shop, close to the fire; it is a sort of a green-grocer's and a little chandler's shop; I told him we were come to search the place for some livery clothes that were stolen; the prosecutor was with me.
What answer did Hobbs make? - I cannot say particularly; the drawers were behind where he sat, and in those drawers I found the things which I now produce; the bed was in the same room.
Did he make any objection to be searched? - No, I did not ask him for any objection; he said he had the things from the prisoner Giles.
When you told him you was come to search for some livery clothes, what did he say? - I do not remember that he made any reply.
Before you found the things, did Hobbs say any thing about them? - No, nothing, because it was after the things were found, that he said he had them from Giles.
Are you clear in that? - I am quite clear. I went into the shop after the things were found, and I found this pocket-book which the prosecutor said was his; it is not mentioned in the indictment: I found one livery coat, one fustian coat, one fustian waistcoat, one striped flannel waistcoat, one pair of velveret breeches; these are all the things that I found; here is a coat that belongs to the witness Hemmings, that I found also at Hobbs's; I did not take up the other prisoner, I know nothing of either of them before.
Mr. Knowlys. There were several lodgers in Hobbs's house? - Yes.
Hobbs always persevered in the story that he received the things from Giles? - Yes.
Court. Do you happen to know whether that room where the things was found, was occupied by Hobbs himself, or was let in lodgings to any body else? - My lord, there was a bed in it, and this man and his wife sat there together, and a child was there, but I do not know whose child it was.
Court to Johnson. When you went first into the house of Hobbs, and told him what you came to search for, do you recollect whether he made any answer? - I do not recollect his making any reply; he looked rather astonished and surprised; he did not say whose the things were, till they were found.


                  THOMAS
                   SHACKELWELL
               



             sworn.
I am a breeches-maker in Gray's-Inn-lane; a person brought a pair of breeches to me to alter, that was the prisoner Hobbs; he brought them on the 28th of February, between five and six in the afternoon; these are the breeches; he agreed to the price of the alteration.
Did you know him before? - Yes, ever since he went to school.
Court to Jealous What times was it you searched Hobbs's house? - I look upon it, it was about seven that evening.
Did he say how he came by them? - I understood he bought them, he did not say of whom.


                  THOMAS
                   ROW
               



             sworn.
I am now a foot-boy, I was a postillion when these things were stolen, I live now in Lincoln's-inn-fields, with Mr. Broderick, I lodged with these people at Hobbs's house in February last, I remember the afternoon of the 26th of February, I went out in the morning about ten, I returned about a quarter after ten, my room door was wide open.
Did you find any body in the room? - Nobody, I went to bed first.
Had you a light in the room? - Yes.
Who did you sleep with? - With 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Ross
               



            ; Durant and Hammings slept in the other bed, I saw the things were gone off of the other bed, and I thought he was gone out of town, but I did not know, I had not been there since the morning; I saw the bed was naked, I did not know what was gone with the things, they usually lay on the bed, I did not know but he might have taken them; Hemmings came up first after me, and he accused me of hiding the things, and playing the rogue with them; I had been at home about a quarter of an hour, I saw nobody but the man that let me in at the gates, his name is 
               
                  John
                   Richardson
               



            , he is here.
Where is this apartment that you four lodge in? - Over the stables.
Is it a separate apartment? - Yes.
In a stable yard? - Yes.
Whose stable yard? - Mr. Shutt's.
Is it an inn yard? - It is a livery-stable.
How do you go up to this apartment? - Up the stairs.
Does that stair-case lead to any other apartment? - Yes, and the one opposite where the head hostler lodged, his name is 
               
                  Edward
                   Froward
               



            , he is not here.
Who is Richardson? - He is one of Mr. Shutt's men.


                  JOHN
                   RICHARDSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Mr. Shutt's yard, it is called George-yard, I know the apartment where the prosecutor and the other witnesses lodged.
Do you remember Thomas Row coming home on the Sunday afternoon, the 26th of February? - No.
He says you opened the gate to him? - I do not know his name, I opened the gate between ten and eleven, and let the lad in, this is the lad I let in.
Who lived in the opposite chamber? - Our hostler.
Have you any business up that stair-case of a Sunday afternoon? - No, I have not, I was not that way that evening, I know nothing about the door, whether it was shut, or whether it was open.
Was your hostler at home that afternoon? - Yes, till seven, then he went out, and came home about half after ten.
Did he come in before Row or after him? - After him.
Mr. Knowles. Do you know where the key of this room is kept usually? - I really know nothing about the key.
Court. Were the gates of the yard shut on Sunday? - They are sooner shut on Sunday afternoon than any other day, I believe they were shut between five and six.
Were the gates locked? - To the best of my knowledge they were, I saw the hostler hasp the gates, and I believe he locked them, but I do not know; I found the key in the same place I have found them this two years, in the stable; the gates were opened afterwards for a gentleman's servant, which was between eight and nine.
(The things deposed to by Durant.)
Durant. I know the leather breeches, I bought them of my fellow servant; they were my master's, they are stained in hunting, I have had them these eighteen months, I can positively say these are the same; I know this waistcoat, I believe this to be mine, it being with the rest of the things, it was new last July; the livery coat I know by the buttons being remarkable, it is like this I have on, I can swear positively it is my coat; I never found my shirts, a ten pounds note (which I lost) and the money, but here is the pocket book, and here is a man's name that I can swear to in it.
Court. How came that book not to be put into the indictment? - It was a mistake.
Mr. Knowles. It is not in the indictment.
Court. Look at the book? - The paper were all taken away, I know the book, I am quite sure of it.
How long have you had it? - I think these seven or eight years.
Court. Where was the pocket book found? - In Hobbs's shop. (The book handed up to the Court.) There was a pencil in the book I lo st, and there is a pencil in that book, there were no knives or scissars.
Do you know the pencil? - No otherwise than being with the book.
What sort of pencil was that that was in your pocket book? - A slate-pencil in a tin case.
Court to Hemming. Is that your coat? - Yes, I have had it ten or eleven months, there is a hole in the sleeve of it, it was laying on the bed.
Jealous. This coat was one of the things found in Hobbs's drawers; I heard Giles confess the robbery before Hobbs, but I never do tell without I am asked.
Were you present when Giles was examined? - Yes.
Was there any threats or promises made use of to induce him to confess the truth? - None at all, Hobbs stood close to him at the same time.
Was the examination taken in writing? - Yes, I believe my name is to it.
Look at that, is that the examination that was taken in your presence? - Yes.
Did you see it signed by the Magistrate, and the prisoner? - Yes.
Was the prisoner examined upon oath? - No.
(Read.)
"Signed, 
               
                  Henry
                   Giles
               



            , (taken before me, the day and year before written, W. Addington; witness, 
               
                  Charles
                   Jealous
               



            ) who says, he has been a gentleman's servant, and is at present out of place, and lodges at Mr. Wolley's, a shovel-maker, in Vine-street, Hatton-wall; and that 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hobbs
               



             has frequently called upon him, and inticed him to get the things to make money of; and that among other robberies on Sunday the 26th of February, he went went up a stair-case into a room in George-yard, and stole a pair of leather breeches, and the quantity of wearing apparel now produced."
Hobbs was present at this examination of Giles? - Yes.
What did he say to this charge? - He said he did not steal them, but that Giles stole them.
Prisoner Hobbs. I wish to leave my case to my counsel.
PRISONER GILES's DEFENCE.
Please your Lordship, he used to come to my master's house where I worked, and used to want me to go out every night.
The Prisoner Hobbs called two witnesses to his character.


                  THOMAS
                   HOBBS
               




                  HENRY
                   GILES
               



            ,




               GUILTY, Of stealing only
            .
Court. As I mean to make a distinction between the punishment of these prisoners, I will pass sentence against them, that the distinction may appear to the audience: the situation in which you both stand is that of having committed a felony, under circumstances, which if clearly proved would have affected your lives, and in such a situation it would be improper for either of you to go at large; therefore it appears to the Court to be right that both of you should be sent out of this country: but as on appear to stand in a different situation with respect to the degree of your guilt; as you, Thomas Hobbs appear to have been the principal actor in this business, and to have seduced the other young man, and made him your instrument: the sentence of the Court, therefore, is, that you, 



               Henry Giles, be transported beyond the seas, for the term of seven years, to such place as his Majesty by the advice of his Privy Council shall think fit to direct and appoint; and that you, Thomas Hobbs, be transported for the like term of seven years to Africa
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
