





322. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     PARKER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hickman
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eleven in the night, on the 19th day of April
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, two muslin gowns and coats, value 40 s. a cotton gown, value 10 s. three cotton frocks, value 4 s. a callico bed-gown, value 2 s. four pair of cotton pockets, value 4 s. eleven shirts, value 3 l. one shift, value 2 s. and one diaper clout, value 6 d. his property
            .


                  MARY
                   HICKMAN
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  John
                   Hickman
               



            , I live in Duke-street, Bloomsbury


. I take in washing; I was washing on Wednesday last, till ten at night, I carried up the things and hung them on the line in the garret; I was not gone to bed, when the prisoner was taken, there was an alarm of thieves, I ran up in my hurry, and another witness who is here, and his lodger, he run up also; then when was going up two pair of stairs I met Mr. Headland and the prisoner on the stairs, I knew her again, she had no property about her, I went up stairs to see how my things were, all my shirts and frocks were laying about, and some in a heap in a corner, I came down again and I fetched a constable.
- HEADLAND sworn.
I lodge in his house, had been out, and this little boy had been in to my wife to light a candle, came in about half past ten, the little o run down to me, and said, there was somebody in the garret, I went up stairs, and I stood and called twice at the bottom of the garret stairs before I went up, there was no answer; I went up stairs, and saw the linen lay on the stairs, I went into the garret, and saw some things lay about the room, and some things in a heap at one corner, I turned about and saw the prisoner in the room, in one corner to the right hand, she did not lodge in the house; I knew her, she had lived with Mr. Hickman before, I asked her what she was at, and she gave me no answer; I said to her, Molly, what do you mean to come here to rob your mistress again, and I said, come, bundle out of the room; she set off to come out of the room, and she stooped to put her shoes on which were off, I stood by the door and caught hold of her gown tail, and she asked me in the passage to let her go out, I told her no.

Court to Hickman. Had you hung up your things? - I hung up every one of them.
Where did you put the two muslin gowns, and the cotton gowns, and the three frocks, and the bed-gown, the three pair of cotton stockings, the shirts, the shift, and the clout? - They were all hanging on the lines in the same garret; they were the clothes of different people that I wash for.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was not in the garret; I went to speak to the gentlewoman that lodged in the two pair of stairs, to ask a person to give me a character; she was not at home.
Court to Prosecutrix. Had you fastened your garret-door? - Yes; I had the key in my parlour.
What, did you lock the door? - Oh yes! I locked it myself, and hung the key in my parlour; when I came up, the door was standing wide open; it was wrenched open.
What marks were there upon the door of its having been wrenched open? - I do not know.
Perhaps it was slipped back, and an old lock? - No, no, no, no! I am too well used to it for that, it is not a bad lock.
There were no marks of violence on the door? - I cannot tell.
What does the bolt of the lock shut into? - Into a great iron staple.
In what condition was that staple? - It was in the same place.
How had the lock been got out of that staple? - By two great nails.
Jury. Have you the key of the lock with you? - No.
Court. Did you observe whether the bolt of the lock, when you came up stairs, was shut or pushed back? - It was pushed quite level to the door.


                  SAMUEL
                   ABBOTT
               



             sworn.
The prosecutrix came and called me up to take charge of the prisoner; I went, and took her in custody; the prosecutrix took me up to the garret; when I came up the garret stairs, there lay some shirts and some linen, then she took me into the garret door; the prosecutrix gave me these two nails.
Prosecutrix. I saw the prisoner come down stairs with these nails in her hand, and when she put on her shoes, she dropped them beside her shoes in the passage.
Did you see her drop them? - No, I saw them in her hand.
Who saw her drop them? - My servant, her name is Nanny; she is not here.
Court. How do you know that she did this with these two nails? - She could not get it open with any thing else.
Yes she might, with a false key? - Oh, no, no.
Prisoner. I never saw the nails till they were fetched out of the parlour from Mr. Hickman to give to the constable.
Have you any friends or witnesses? - I have none in London.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


