






187. 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     HAYES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 2d of November
 last, on the King's highway, with a certain offensive weapon and instrument, called a knife, on 
                     
                        
                           Abner 
                           Wyman
                        




                     
                  , did make an assault, with intent his goods and monies, from his person and against his will, feloniously to steal, against the form of the statute
            .


                  ABNER
                   WYMAN
               



             sworn.
The 2d of November I was coming from work, about half after nine I parted from my friend, and in about three parts of the way I was stopped by the prisoner, he caught at my watch chain, and another came up and damned me, and one of them cut me through the lips, but which of them cut me I cannot say; I was surprised, and I took notice of the person that took hold of my watch chain, there was a noise of a coach coming, and they made off, I cried out thieves! it was very near a lamp, but the night was neither dark nor light, it was about three parts from the turnpike, to Well Close-square


 on the road.
Are there many many houses thereabouts? - Yes, it is a street, I pursued them about two hundred yards, and just as I got up there was a man said, they are taken into this house, I went in and the landlord pushed me out of doors, and said, nobody came in there; I then went to Mr. Green's, and desired they would send somebody out with me, but as I had not been robbed of any thing they would not, then I took a gentleman with me, and we saw the landlady, who said, she did not know us; and I stood in the tap room, the prisoner was there, and I went and laid hold of his collar, and said, this is the man that stopped me first, he stood by the fire side; I am sure that is the person that stopped me, because I caught him for half a minute; when I had hold of his collar, he said to me directly, it was not me that cut you, it was the other; a gentleman that was with me went for the constable, and the prisoner was taken into custody.
Who was the person that was with you? - His name is Harkness, he is not here.
Prisoner. Did I offer to stop you? - He did not speak to me, he took hold of my watch chain, and I took hold of his collar.
- TAYLOR sworn.
I am a constable, on the 12th of November I had charge of the prisoner at the bar, the prisoner said to me, Mr. Taylor, it was not me that cut the gentleman, it was one 
               
                  Charles
                   Younge
               



            , 
               
                  Charles
                   Younge
               



             was taken up, and the prosecutor could not swear to 
               
                  Charles
                   Younge
               



            , we took him before the Justice, and he owned he was the person.
Court. What public house was it? - The sign of the Sailor's-return, in Cable-street, the landlord's name is 
               
                  John
                   Martin
               



            , he has left the house, and is gone since, he kept out of the way in consequence of this.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never was in this place before.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Lord LOUGHBOROUGH.
