





32. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of October
 last, one hair trunk, value 2 s. a wooden box, value 18 d. three linen gowns, value 25 s. six aprons, value 6 s. a woollen apron, value 2 s. a pair of women's stuff shoes, value 3 s. a petticoat, value 3 s. three pair of stockings, value 3 s. three shifts, value 5 s. a gold hat-band, value 3 s. a silver tea-spoon, value 18 d. a silver seal, value 2 s. two guineas, and a half a guinea, a crown piece, and sixteen shillings in monies
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Russell
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  MARY
                   RUSSELL
               



             sworn.
I am a widow; I lost the things in the indictment, on Monday the 24th of October; I am a servant
 to Mr. Langdon, at the half-way house, Knightsbridge


; I entrusted the prisoner to carry the trunks and things in it to a neighbour's house, to leave them there for me.
You desired him to carry them for you, and he never returned? - Yes; he deserted from his regiment, and sold some of the things at Finchley; I satisfied him before he went; he was to carry them to 
               
                  George
                   Davage
               



            's, but the things were not there; the things were worth 5 l. I told him to confess; and I found some things at Hounslow, at the house of 
               
                  Charlotte
                   Bradshawe
               



            ; she is here with them.


                  CHARLOTTE
                   BRADSHAWE
               



             sworn.
I keep an old clothes shop at Hounslow; I bought two gowns, a check apron and a pair of shoes of the prisoner, on a Monday, six weeks ago last Monday; I produce one gown, and a pair of shoes, and an apron; one gown I had sold before the prosecutrix came.
(Produced and deposed to.)
I gave him 12 s. I cannot be sure of the prisoner; it was about three in the afternoon; I did not take notice of him.
A Witness. I saw her deliver the box to the prisoner; he was quartered at the house; he took the things away; 
               
                  George
                   Davage
               



             is not here.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Fourteen shillings was all I had; I was much in liquor.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
