






694. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MORRISBY
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he on the 6th of July

, with force and arms one iron bar, weight 10 lb. value 10 d. belonging to 
                     
                        Thomas and 
                              
                                 
                                    William 
                                    Morris
                                 







                  , affixed to their dwelling house, feloniously did steal
            .
Another Count, for that 


               he, a certain other iron bar, value 10 d. belonging to them, affixed to their dwelling house, feloniously did break, with intent to steal
            .


                  SARAH
                   TUFNEL
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to the prosecutor, I got up to washing about half after three, I lighted my fire, and then I went down into the cellar and fetched up some coals, and as I went down I saw some dirt come through one of the windows, then I stopped to see what was the matter, and I saw a stick put under the iron bar, it was an iron bar against Paul's Chain, it was moved, the bar was not broke, it was fastened to the wall with nails at each end, it was to secure the window, there are several bars there, somebody held the stick in the street, I set down the candle, it was quite day-light, it wanted about a quarter of four, it was held with intent to wrench it out, but was not wrenched out, then there came a cart, they could not see my candle; the person returned and put the stick under it again, and wrenched it so far that he could pull it up with his hand, and when he got his hand upon it, I I went up and alarmed the man.
Court. Did he fairly take it out of the place? - Yes, he took it out from the window, where it is to support the window, I gave the alarm, and one 
               
                  John
                   Olds
               



             came down, and we went into the street, and the man was gone; then I went up in the dining room and opened the window, which is just over this cellar window, the prisoner came again and we went out to him, he had taken the bar away, which the constable found, I called my master, and I saw my master take a stick from him.
What man was he that was brought in by your master? - It was the watchman, the prisoner is a watchman.
Was the man your master brought in the same man that pulled out the bar? - Yes, by his coat, there was No. 11, on his coat.


                  WILLIAM
                   MORRIS
               



             sworn.
Whose house is this? - Mine and my brother's, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Morris
               



            , I was alarmed by the last witness, I came down stairs and went into the street, and one of our apprentices was standing by the prisoner; these bars were fixed to the kirb that gives light to the cellar, they were fixed at both ends, the kirb was fixed to the house; I said to him, what have you been doing, he said, nothing; says I, what are you a watchman? seeing him have a coat on, he said, yes; what, and belonging to us? he said, yes; I looked at his staff which he was leaning on, and saw it burst and split; says I, friend give me your staff, I said now we will go to the watch-house together, I left him at the watch-house and went to look for the bar, we came back to the watch-house, I told him he must go to the counter, says he, that will be very cruel, I have a wife and five children, he said if you will excuse me now, I never will do the like again; I told him I could not, I did not promise him any thing, the constables found the bar.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went round the beat to cry the half hour, and this gentleman came down and said, watchman, did you see any body breaking in, says I, is there any body in the cellar, he said, stop till my master comes down, so I stopped; I have been between nine and ten years in the guards.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
