





819. 
               
                  
                     BARNARD 
                     WALFORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of September
, twenty-eight diaper clouts, value 28 s. a dimity muslin woman's dress, called a bishop, value 20 s. a dimity petticoat, value 10 s. four child's ditto, value 11 s. eight table cloths, value 3 s. a child's cloak, value 3 s. a wicker basket, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Felton
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  JOHN
                   FELTON
               



             sworn.
I live at Clapton, in the parish of Hackney; I lost the things in the indictment on the 11th of last month; the prisoner was taken by the description of the boy that carried them; the property is not yet found.


                  SARAH
                   TENANT
               



             sworn.
I was servant to Mr. Felton at this time; on the 11th of September, I saw this linen packed up, and I delivered it in a basket to 
               
                  John
                   Tinsley
               



             between twelve and one, to take it to the mangler's.


                  JOHN
                   TINSLEY
               



             sworn.
I am just turned of fifteen; I know the nature of an oath; if I speak wrongfully, I must suffer hereafter. On the 11th of September, I had a basket of linen delivered to me between twelve and one, at Clapton; I was going to Mrs. Hart's in Mansion-house-street,a mangler; and the prisoner met me by the Mansion-house, in Mansion-house-street; and he asked me if I did not want Mrs. Hart? I said yes; he said she had removed down Leadenhall-street, and he would shew me where she lived; I followed him; and just as I got by the top of Leadenhall-street, I asked him if I was not almost there; and he got me down Creed-lane, by Creed Church; I did not know where it was; he took me down Hooker's-gardens; and another man met him; and the prisoner told the other man, says he, you take this to Mrs. Harts; and the other man said he would; and the prisoner said, make haste back? and he said he would; and the prisoner detained me five or ten minutes, and left me; the other man went the way to Leadenhall-street; the prisoner said he would go to get change for half a crown, and return directly, but he did not; I picked the man out among five or six more in the Poultry Counter; I swear that is the man.


                  CHARLES
                   SUNSOM
               



             sworn.
I am a scowerer and dyer; on Friday, the 11th of September, I saw the boy, and he said he was robbed; the boy described the man, and I went; he said one looked like a jew, in a brown coat with a white cape, and his hair platted with a bit of tape; I went to the Cape-coast Castle with some others, and met one Allwright; then we went to the prisoner's house; a young woman said he was not at home; we went again, and saw the prisoner; he promised to come to the patroll; he said he knew nothing of the things; he believed one Underwood took them; on Saturday, he was gone away; and I took him afterwards the corner of Petticoat-lane.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am as innocent as the child unborn; this fellow that stands at the bar now, has made his brags to swear away my life; they told the boy I was the man at the Justice's; I never left my lodging; I have a great swelling under my arm; I have a witness that I was at home the whole day, that is my landlady; I am a foreigner; I came from Vienna; I have been in England seven years; I was taught English when I was a child.


                  MARY
                   PIERCEY
               



             sworn.
Are not you a jewess? - I am a widow; I live in Whitechapel parish, Dove-court; I know the prisoner; he lodged in my house two years; I have trusted him when I have been out of town for a month or two, and I always found my place as I left it; he was up at six in the morning in summer, and seven in the winter; I never knew him to keep any bad hours; I have no lodgers but him, being a lone woman: I did not choose to keep the house by myself; I know at that time, I heard some men come into the place; I asked him what was the matter; to the best of my knowledge, he was not out.
What day was that? - The day of the robbery.
Do you recollect the month? - No, I do not; I am a very forgetful person; it is about five week ago, to the best of my knowledge; he is troubled with the rheumatism in his limbs, and he will not work; he sits down in a chair, and says his limbs fail him; he is an engraver; he complained; I am obliged to go through their place (it is a bottom place) for water every five minutes; I did not sit with him all that day; about four o'clock I was down, and he was below drinking a little hot tea; and he was in at three o'clock.
When did he go out? - I cannot rightly tell.
I thought you said he did not go out at all.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
