





234. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PAUL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, twelve pounds weight of cheese, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Powell
                  




               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Silvester.)


                  SAMUEL
                   POWELL
               



             sworn.
I am a cheesemonger
 in Theobald's-road, the prisoner was my porter
; I was sent for, and went to Mr. Forrest's, where I found a cheese and a piece; I took him up, and he confessed the fact.
Was any promise of any kind made? - No, a neighbour was present.


                  WILLIAM
                   NAPIER
               



             sworn.
I am a neighbour of Mr. Powell's, I was present when the prisoner confessed it, but there was no promise of any kind whatever made either by me or Mr. Powell; he said first he bought it of Mr. Simpson, in St. Giles's; afterwards he said it was his master's; he said he did it by carrying it in empty flats to the stable.
- FORREST sworn.
I bought this cheese of the prisoner; I dealt with Mr. Powell, and he brought it to me as from Mr. Powell; I paid him for it.
Mr. Garrow to Mr. Powell. This man used to carry out goods for you, and receive the money? - Yes.
He accounts to you for what he has sold? - Yes, he carries out goods that are ordered.

Does he carry out none but what are previously ordered? - No.
- SIMPSON sworn.
I am a cheesemonger in St. Giles's.
Did you ever sell those cheeses to the prisoner? - No.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My master took hold of me and struck me, and used me very ill; I have some of the blood upon my apron now.
(The prisoner called 
               
                  Robert
                   Twitman
               



            , who gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
