





405. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HENLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Melchisideck 
                           Taylor
                        



                     
                  , on the 23d of April
 last, on the King's highway, and putting him in fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person, and against his will, one linen handkerchief, value 6 d. and eighteen pieces of woollen cloth, cut out for coats, value 18 s. eighteen base metal buttons, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Taylor
                        



.


                  CATHERINE
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner speaking to Mr. Taylor's child in Short's gardens


 at two o'clock in April last, the child had a bundle he put his hand in his breeches pocket and gave the child something, he took the bundle out of the child's hand, he went to a chandler's shop, and when he returned the man was gone off with the bundle; I was standing at my mistress's door, I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Did you know the contents of the bundle? - No.
Court to Prisoner. Will you ask the prosecutor any questions? - No, she is foolish.


                  JANE
                   CUNINGHAM
               



             sworn.
A quarter before two on the 23d of April last, I delivered this bundle to the child, it was cloth for a regimental coat and part of another, it contained sixteen pieces besides pockets and buttons, it was tied up in a red and white pocket handkerchief, it was to carry to his mother's to make up.
Whose property was it? - It belonged to Mr. Shields, who employs people to make soldiers cloaths.


                  WILLIAM
                   GARRET
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of April, the boy came into my shop for a quartern loaf, he put down a bit of brass, this piece, something like half-a-guinea, I would not deliver him the loaf, the boy went out, and in a little time I heard the boy cry, he had lost his coat.


                  WILLIAM
                   AUSTEN
               



             sworn.
I saw this woman and the child in her hand in Short's Gardens, this woman was making an enquiry, if any body had seen any man with a bundle taken from a child, I saw a person like him by the description, at a public house, I went with him to Justice Walker's, from the public house, he was committed.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am quite innocent of the affair.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Of stealing.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
