






632. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ABRAHAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Young
                        



                     
                  , on the 10th of August

 last, about the hour of three in the night, and feloniously stealing therein, three pair of leather boots, value 3 l. one pair of red Morocco leather pumps, value 10 d. the goods of the said Alexander
            .
And FRANCES, wife
 of 
               
                  DAVID
                   HART
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 28th day of August

 last, two pair of leather boots, value 2 l. and one pair of red Morocco leather pumps, value 1 s. part of the goods so stolen, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  ABRAHAM
                   YOUNG
               



             the elder sworn.
I live in White-rose-court, Coleman-street



, my house was broke open between the 10th and 11th of August, I cannot say what hour, I went to bed at twelve o'clock; my son was the last person up, he fastened the house; I got up at six o'clock, we heard the alarm before we got up, my son was first up, the lock was picked, I lost three pair of new boots, two pair of which are in Court, and one pair of Morocco pumps that is in the Court; I lost a number of shoes that I have not found; the things were all in my shop, I saw them there that night, Mr. Atkins found the boots, I can swear to the property.


                  ABRAHAM
                   YOUNG
               



            , junior, sworn.
I went to bed a little after twelve o'clock, I fastened the house and shut all the doors and windows, I got up in the morning about a quarter before six o'clock, and I found the shop door open and all the goods gone; I double locked the door over night, there was no bolt, there were between fifty and sixty pair of woman's stuff shoes stolen, and three pair of boots and some childrens Morocco pumps, and about six pair of mens shoes.
Was you at the finding any of them again? - No, I can swear to the property.


                  JOHN
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
On the 28th of August, information came, that there had been a warehouse broke open, to the office in Bow-street, Mr. Clarke, and Macmanus, and me, went to the prisoner Hart's house, in Plumb-tree-court, Shoe-lane



, suspecting that the goods were there, and when we came to the house we went in; that prisoner Abrahams and Mrs. Hart were together, the man was putting on a pair of stockings, and opposite the door there hung a pair of new boots, Mr. Clarke asked the prisoner Hart, who those boots belonged to, she said, she had bought them about three months ago, and they were her property, whilst Mr. Clarke and Mr. Macmanus was gone to search part of the house, I was looking into the bed room adjoining where the prisoners were, and I saw another pair of new boots hung up, and Mr. Clarke took from behind the curtain, two pair of childrens red Morocco pumps, he gave them into my hand, and upon searching them, I found two picklock keys in one of them which are here; when the man had done up his stockings, he was getting up to go away, Mr. Clarke said, you are a prisoner, and he desired me to take the cane out of his hand, which I did; we then, after having found picklock keys, cutlasses, and dark lanthorns, went before the Lord Mayor, and there we heard there was a house broke open and a quantity of boots and shoes stolen: we went to the prosecutor's with Mr. Prior the city constable, and he desired me to cut the strap of the boot, and said, if they were his boots there was the name of Ellis under the strap; I cut it and here is now the name of Ellis, and he also desired me to take and cut the children's red Morocco pumps, and in the back part he said, there was the name of Withey, for he said, they were made for Miss. Withey, daughter of Mr. Withey, an eminent surgeon in Castle-street, Cripplegate, I did so, and there was the name of Miss Withey there: The prisoners were committed for further examination till Saturday, when we came to Guildhall, says Young's son, did you find ever a cane there, I said, yes, we did, and I shewed him the cane, and he said, that was a cane he had borrowed of a cousin of his in the country, to come to town with, and that the cane was his; then they were committed for trial.

Court. This was in 
               
                  Frances
                   Hart
               



            's house? - I imagine so my Lord, I do not know whether that gentleman lives there, he was putting on his stockings.
(The things deposed to by Young.)
That shoe is my property, Miss Withey's name is on it.
Now look at the boots? - I can swear that these boots are my property, the name of Ellis is under the strap of one pair, the other gentlemens names are cut off; this cane I had in my shop before the robbery, the ferril is loose, and the mark here I know it by.
PRISONER ABRAHAM'S DEFENCE.
My Lord, as for the boots and shoes, I know nothing at all of them: I was committed upon a cane, value 2 s. here is my commitment; the cane does not belong to me, I have a person who will own this cane, where it was lent to me between three and four months ago.
(The Court ordered the other witnesses of the prisoner's out of Court.)


                  JONAS
                   ABRAHAMS
               



             sworn.
I lent the prisoner at the bar a stick, a cane, that is my property.
When did you lent it him? - Between three and four months ago.
What sort of a cane was it? - I shall know it if it is among a thousand.
Court. Will you be so good to describe it? - The top of it has a brass ferril, next to that there is a hole, next to the hole there is another brass ferril at the bottom, I put it on myself, I put it on with four little brads, iron brads, and I know my cane amongst a thousand.
(The Jury looks at the cane.)
Court to Jury. Is it so.
Jury. It is yellow iron, my Lord.


                  Jonas
                   Abrahams
               



            . The bottom of the ferril is cobbled on, it is brazed in.
Court. Is there any other mark on the cane? - The side of the cane is scratched a little, which I did with my own cart.
(The cane shewn 
               
                  Jonas
                   Abrahams
               



            .)
This is my cane, here are the brads: If it is not cobbled on, I will forfeit any thing.
Court. How many brads are there upon it? - Three or four.
You said four? - There are four holes, I am sure there is.
Court. How came you to lend him that cane? - He came to my brother's house, says he, you have got a pretty cane, I did not care much about it; when do I wear a cane? I have other things to think of; says he, lend me your little stick, your little canes that is the very words: This very cane he had of me and no other.
Court. You are a carter are you? - Yes, I keep a bit of a cart and a horse of my own, and I go with it myself.
Jury. What business are you? - Any thing I can earn a shilling in an honest way, copper, brass, pewter, iron, that is my business.


                  SARAH
                   ABRAHAMS
               



             sworn.
Court. Sarah, What do you know about this? - I know little else then, the gentleman lent the stick to the prisoner at the bar, in my house.
What sort of a stick was it? - I cannot say what stick, I know he lent a stick.
How long ago? - Between three and four months.
What relation are you to 
               
                  Jonas
                   Abrahams
               



            ? - Sister-in-law.
How came he to lend him his stick, do you know? - Jonas was in my house, and the prisoner at the bar came in, and he saw the stick in his hand, and he asked him if he would lend him the stick, and he said, yes, and he lent it to him.
Court. Had the prisoner any stick of his own? - No, I do not know the stick, I took no notice of it, because my children were bad.
Jury. Was it a stick or a cane? - A cane.
You cannot describe it? - No.


                  ANN
                   OLDS
               



             sworn.
What are you come to prove? - I do not know what I am called for, I was subpoened something upon a cane I was told; I have seen the gentleman with a cane, that is all I have to say; if the cane is produced, if I know it I will speak.
Should you know it? - I cannot tell without it is produced.
Can you describe it? - I have seen it frequently divers weeks and months, three months I believe I have: A cane is a very trifling affair you know gentlemen for a woman to take notice of, if the cane is produced, and if I know it, I will speak, that is all.
(The cane shewn her.)
This looks like a cane that I have seen two months ago.
PRISONER HART's DEFENCE.
These boots were given to me in part of payment of rent, of a lodger of mine, for twenty-five shillings, and a pair of red Morocco shoes, which shoes are damaged.
Court. Have you the lodger here? - No, I have not, he is gone down to Portsmouth, it is about three weeks ago, he came in and asked me to lend him a crown, says I, you owe me twenty-five shillings rent, says he, I have two pair of boots, and a pair of children's shoes, I will give you the shoes, and leave the boots in pledge; he bid me to sell the boots, they hung publicly at my door, I offered them for sale, and I could not get the price, which was 35 s.
Prisoner Abrahams. My Lord, the prosecutor said before my Lord Mayor, he had borrowed such a cane of another man; my Lord Mayor committed me because he said, he thought it was his cane.
Court. That is the account he gives of it now.
Young. I borrowed it of one 
               
                  George
                   Creighton
               



            , he is not the owner, the cane was left at his house by a seaman that lodged at his house, it was standing behind the table, I was at his house at a christening.
(The Jury retried above an hour, and returned with a verdict.).


                  JOSEPH
                   ABRAHAMS
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            , 


               Death
            .


                     FRANCES 
                     HART
                  



               
            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
