





167. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MARSHALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of December
 last, ten linen handkerchiefs, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Dalton 
                           Parr
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   RUSTON
               



             sworn.
On the 18th of December last, the said 
               
                  Mary
                   Marshall
               



             came into my master's shop; his name is 
               
                  Dalton
                   Parr
               



            , No. 205, Piccadilly


, linen-draper
; she wished to look at some pocket handkerchiefs; I believe she came in between three and four in the afternoon; at the same time a woman came in for half a yard of drill; when I came from serving her, I perceived the prisoner fumbling about her coats, and under her apron; the prisoner bought a pocket handkerchief at fifteen-pence, and half a yard of cloth at sixteen-pence; she paid for them and went out; I followed her, and stopped her; I did not miss any thing before I followed her; I told her she had something; she said, she had not; then I said, she should come back to the shop; she was not willing; I caught hold of her to bring her back by force; she would not come; and I saw her drop the pocket handkerchiefs from under her coats or apron; I picked them up immediately; when I saw themon the ground, I know they were my master's property; there was my master's mark upon them; I sent for a constable, and she was committed; the handkerchiefs are here.
Were these part of the handkerchiefs you had shewn to her? - I cannot recollect whether I shewed her them or not, but I must take them down.
When she was fumbling about her coats did you see the handkerchiefs? - No, I did not.
Prisoner. Were there not two men in the shop? - No, to the best of my knowledge there were not.
Who was in the shop? - There were two or three more women buying other goods; strangers.
Did any body come in with this woman? - There were four or five came in as it were in a party; one of them went out at the same time when I pursued the prisoner, the other was with her, but she went up a passage, perceiving me I suppose.
Who was in the shop? - Only my mistress and me.
What was she doing? - She was serving some other customer.
Prisoner. He swore before the Justice that he believed it was two men that came in to steal? - I never swore any thing of the sort.
Court. What is the value of these handkerchiefs? - They were valued at ten shillings; they cost fourteen pence a piece.
How long had she been in the shop? - She might be about five minutes, and she took a stool and sat down.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave her a good character.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
