






261. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MASON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     REMNANT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Luke 
                           Naylor
                        




                     
                  , Gentleman, about the hour of eight in the night, on the 4th of October
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one pink corded silk waistcoat laced with silver, value 11 s. one pair of breeches, value 10 s. one green and white silk waistcoat, value 20 s. one scarlet cloth coat lined with silk, value 2 l. 2 s. one waistcoat, value 10 s. one other waistcoat, value 10 s. and one pair of black silk breeches, value 10 s. his property
            .


                  LUKE
                   NAYLOR
               



             sworn.
My chambers were broke open on the 4th day of October, it is my dwelling place, I have other chambers at No. 6, I have no other dwelling house in town; I left them about seven in the evening, they are up two pair of stairs, the windows were down and the shutters shut, and the doors shut on a spring lock, not double locked.
How many rooms have you there? - Four.
Before you went out, did you see the windows all of them were down? - I was not in all the rooms, I went away about ten, and returned the next morning about ten; I found the door open, and when I came there, I found the hair dresser was waiting there, some clothes were about the floor, they appeared to me to have been dropped, there was a press that had been stripped of clothes, the key was in it, I will not be positive whether part of it was not open, I went immediately to Sir Sampson Wrights's and had it advertised, I could not immediately recollect half the things I had lost, they were put in the hue and cry, I was just come from abroad, and my trunk of clothes was not come; in consequence of the hand-bill a Mr. Brown, a pawn-broker in the Strand, came to me, I went to his house, and there I found a scarlet coat, it was pledged in the name of Ayrton of Beaufort-buildings; I desired it might remain there till the person who brought it came for it, I made several other enquiries at another shop, but was not able to trace any thing further about the coat, till that day two months, I was sent for by Mr. Brown to come to Bow-street, and there was the prisoner Mason.


                  SAMUEL
                   RENSHAW
               



             sworn.
I live opposite Somerset-house, Strand; I had two waistcoats pledged by the prisoner Remnant, the 25th of October, I know him by sight, I do not know what he is, he pledged them in the name of 
               
                  John
                   Lee
               



            , I am quite clear he is the man that pledged them, (The waistcoats produced and deposed to) there is no mark but their general appearance.
Mr. Peatt, Prisoner's Council. You said just now, and I believe with great propriety, that you only know them by their general appearance, you know there are millions of yards of stuff the same that waistcoat is made of, and millions of waistcoats made in that manner? - Certainly, this scarlet waistcoat is worn much about as mine was, there is a spot of ink which mine had upon it.


                  ROBERT
                   PAYNE
               



             sworn.
One morning the 25th of October last, the prisoner Mason pledged this coat at Mr. Brown's, to the best of my remembrance, that was between eight and nine; I am perfectly convinced it was him, I did not know him before, he told me his name was 
               
                  John
                   Ayrton
               



            , and that he lived in Beaufort-buildings; on the Monday following which was the 1st of November, there came from Bow-street a list of the particulars that had been taken by theft; I saw this coat described, and I informed my master; after this my master went to Bow-street, where he had Mr. Naylor's address; Mr. Naylor came and said it was his, and tried it on, and it was agreed to be left at our house; and on the 23d of December last, 
               
                  John
                   Mason
               



             came to redeem the coat, I acquainted my master with it.
Was it the same person that pledged it? - It was, then he was stopped and taken.
Mr. Naylor. There was some paper round the buttons, with some of my writing on it, I am quite positive it is my coat.
Mr. Peatt. What writing was it, figures or words? - Writing at length.
How long before that did you see the coat? - The coat I had not wore for some time, I lost several coats which I did not wear in common, but I believe this was there two or three days before.


                  WILLIAM
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I saw the man that came to redeem this coat, I stopped him and sent for a constable to Bow-street.


                  PATRICK
                   MACMANUS
               



             sworn.
I took the two prisoners into custody, and there were duplicates found on each of them, one of Mr. Price's duplicates, and one of Mr. Millar's, I found Price's duplicate in the pocket of Remnant.
Court to Payne. Does that relate to the two waistcoats you have produced? - Yes.
Millar. This is my duplicate.
Macmanus. I believe that other might not be out of Mason's pocket, but the other I am sure I took out of Remnant's pocket, but I might be mistaken in the other.
Prisoner Mason. You took but one duplicate from me? - Yes, I took three.


                  THOMAS
                   BRUIN
               



             sworn.
One pair of breeches I took from the prisoner Mason, on the first of November; here is a coat pledged by Mason, I knew him before by the name of Mason, he pledged these in his own name; here is a waistcoat that was pledged on the 30th of October, I am sure the coat was the 25th of October, and pledged by Mason.
Mr. Naylor. I know the waistcoat and breeches, I had the lace made on purpose, and the buttons and the coat I am pretty sure of, I cannot swear to the black breeches; these things were in the out room on the night I went out.
Where is the hair dresser that you found? - He is gone away, I had no suspicion of the hair dresser at all; Remnant was clerk to Mr. Cracraft, the attorney.
What is Mason? - He did live with Mr. Cracraft, I believe he is the son of an attorney, and clerk to an attorney; Remnant opened the door, says I, your name is Remnant, and there was a woman there, and I said you are his mother, he said no, upon the duplicates being found upon him, he knew where the shop was, the people at the shop said, they knew him very well, and should have taken a gold watch from him.
Mr. Peatt. The writing was upon thin paper? - Yes.
The ink spread a good deal? - Yes, but I know it was mine.
Mr. Peatt to Mr. Millar. Where have these waistcoats been since the time that you took them in? - In the warehouse.
How do you know that? - They have not been brought down since the 25th of October last; I know they are the same waistcoats I took in of Mr. Lee, I have no other waistcoats of the same kind that I know of.
Were they the same tickets? - The duplicate that is pledged in the name of Mason was found upon Remnant.
Mason. There has been several arts and menaces made use of by Macmanus to get confessions from Remnant.
Court. They have not been made use of.


                  SAMUEL
                   LEE
               



             sworn.
I am an attorney, I took the prisoner Remnant last Easter was a twelvemonth, he behaved very well, he has been with me since that, till the taller prisoner came after him very much, and I was not pleased; I know nothing of him but perfectly honest, he has received money for me at various times.
The prisoner Remnant called six other witnesses who all gave him a very good character.
The prisoner Mason called two witnesses, who gave him a very good character.
BOTH 


               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            

Each to be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
