





789. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     FERRIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Davis
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of one in the night, on the 3d of October
, and burglariously stealing therein, four linen shirts, value 6 s. one cloth coat, value 4 s. a pair of nankeen breeches, value 12 d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 12 d. four table cloths, value 4 s. a flannel petticoat, value 12 d. and two linen shifts, value 12 d. his property
            .


                  MARTHA
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  John
                   Davis
               



             in Little St. Andrew's-street, Seven Dials


; on the 3d of this month, my house was broke open; my kitchen was locked with a padlock; in the course of the evening the padlock was stolen, and at night when we went to bed, my husband went down stairs, and drove in this great staple; I saw him do it; I said to him, are you sure it is secure? he said, yes; before that I carried down a large bundle of linen to be washed; I went down myself, and saw it was secure; I could not get it open at all; I fastened the back door, and the maid and me went to bed; this is a kitchen door at the bottom of a back pair of stairs; there was a street door which was on the latch; I have lodgers, and one of them is a Marshal's Court officer, and he is out late sometimes; the woman came in the morning as usual; I went down in my shift and took a large hammer and a poker, thinking to undo the door, and I found the door open, and my linen gone; this was as I believe a quarter after five; my husband told the washerwoman to go home, and he followed her, and said, let me look about your place before I go; he returned and found nothing; and a woman came in, and said, mistress, have you been robbed? says I, how came you to ask that question, I insist upon knowing how you came to know; I threatened to send for an officer; then she said, it was one 
               
                  Richard
                   Ferris
               



            , a barber
, that he had a large bundle of linen on his back in the morning, and that he had positively declared he had done Mrs. Davis; I told my husband that I had seen the prisoner several times at our shop; I said, I will have him if he was above ground; I went many miles after him the next day, and coming down St. Martin's-lane I met him very drunk indeed; I laid hold of him by the collar; I said, you are the man I have been looking for all day; he said, what is the matter? says I, you know very well; I made him come along with me; when he came to the top of St. Martin's-lane, he wanted to get away; then I sent for a constable and charged him with him; when I came up to the office he acknowledged to me he was the man that committed the robbery; it was at Litchfield-street office; they told me it was death; I said, I would wish to save his life; this is the tool that was found upon the stairs when I went down in the morning.
Court. When you promised him to try to save his life, was it before he told you or after? - I did tell him I would endeavour to save his life, if he would tell me where my property was, and he told me where five shirts was; somebody found this tool on the stairs, I took it to be a screw driver.


                  ROBERT
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in New-street, St. Martin's; a man of the name of Ferris, came and pledged these three shirts with me on the 4th of this month for eighteen pence; it was about nine in the morning; I never saw him before.
Is that the man that pawned them? - I cannot tell; I did not know him; that is the man that I saw in the office; he was a stranger to me; I took the things in myself.


                  JOSEPH
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, No. 135, Drury-lane; I have a coat, and a pair of breeches and stockings; I received them of the prisoner on the 4th of this month in the morning; upon which I lent him six shillings.


                  DAVID
                   GORDON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in St. Martin's-lane; I produce two shirts which the prisoner pawned on the 4th of October in the morning before nine; I have known him for three or four years back.


                  PATRICK
                   DIVINE
               



             sworn.
I am door keeper at the Rotation-office, at Litchfield street; I live next door to Mrs. Davis, in Little St. Andrew-street, on the 4th of October I met Mr. and Mrs. Davis at the office, I directed them to get some printed bills; I heard no more of it till I was coming home, after the office was over; then I went into Mrs. Davis's, and she gave me charge of the prisoner; I took him to the Rotation-office and searched him and found nothing upon him; he told me where some of the things were in pawn; he refuse to give any farther account of any thing else, but on examining the other pawnbrokers we found the things.
Mrs. Davis. I can swear to all the things that are here.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On that morning I was going to dress a gentleman in Oxford-road, and going past this door I saw the bundle lay, and I took it up, and being a little short of money I parted with the things; I intended to return them to the proper owners.
What way of life have you been in? - A hair dresser.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
