





150. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DYNE
                   otherwise 
FARMER otherwise 
PALMER




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th day of December
 last, seven linen shirts, value 30 s. five cambric handkerchiefs, value 10 s. a cotton handkerchief, value 2 s. a cloth coat, value 20 s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 2 s. two pair of casimere breeches, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Aaron 
                           Goldhorne
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Catherine
                         Davidson
                     



.


                  AARON
                   GOLDHORN
               



             sworn.
I found the prisoner in the street with my shirt upon his back, I missed the things on the 5th of December, I lodge at the house of 
               
                  Catherine
                   Davidson
               



            , the things were in a bottom drawer, I cannot say whether the room door was locked or open, the drawers were open, I met the prisoner the 9th of December following in Russel-street, at a quarter past ten coming from the play, I suspected the prisoner by not returning again after the things were lost, he lodged in the same house, one of the Bow-street officers was with me, and he was stopped, and one of my shirts with A. G. upon it, was found upon his back.


                  DAVID
                   GORDON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, I had these things of the prisoner either the 14th or 15th of December.
Do not you enter regularly in your books when things are pledged? - Yes, but I think it is either the 14th or 15th, he was taken up the same evening or the next day, he pawned them in the name of Palmer, I knew him, he had pawned several things with me before.
(The things produced and deposed to.)


                  JOSEPH
                   DAY
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner, he lodged with me at 
               
                  Catherine
                   Davidson
               



            's, and that night that the property was lost he absconded from his lodgings, and did not return any more, I did not come home that evening, but the next morning the prosecutor informed me he was robbed, I was with the prosecutor when he was taken up.
Court. What is the prisoner? - He is a doctor and apothecary.
What is the value of these things? - Twelve shillings.
What is the value of the shirt that was found upon him? - Three shillings.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was in the greatest distress, I have been out of place a great while, and could get no situation for four months, I meant to return every article back.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 15 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
