






444. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BATES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     WRIGHT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of May
 last, twenty-one yards of printed callico, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     West
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. West, my master lost a piece of goods last Saturday se'night; on information we pursued the two prisoners, and took the prisoner Bates. with the piece of goods, and put him into Wood-street Compter; the property is Mr. West's, we marked it immediately, I have had it ever since; I saw nothing of either of them till I took the print from the biggest of the prisoners.
(Deposed to.)
MATHEW DUFFEY sworn.
I had been to Newgate-street about my business, and returning through Cheapside


, I saw the biggest of the prisoners at Mr. West's door, that is Bates; I had not got a step further before I saw the prisoner Wright come out with a piece of print under his arm; then Bates, passed the door and followed the other prisoner down Gutter-lane; I went into Mr. West's warehouse and apprised them of it; they followed them.


                  JAMES
                   JETT
               



             sworn.
I was sent for to take up the prisoner 
               
                  Samuel
                   Wright
               



             in St. Paul's Church-yard, by order of the prosecutor, I took them before the Alderman.
Court to Hall. Where was that piece of callico that you now produce? - It only came in an hour or two before the robbery, the value of it is something more than it is laid in the indictment.
PRISONER BATES's DEFENCE.
I was hired by another man to carry it into Old-street; I know nothing of this lad at all, and the man was gone.


                  JOSEPH
                   BATES
               



            , 
               
                  SAMUEL
                   WRIGHT
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
