





833. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TOMKINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d day of September
 last, one basket, value 6 d. two quart glass decanters, value 6 s. two pint ditto, value 3 s. one pair of glass crewets, value 6 s. two glass salts, value 7 s. twelve glasses, value 7 s. two china bowls, value 7 s. two basons, value 2 s. six cups and saucers, value 7 s. one oval tea-pot, and one milk pot, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Blow
                  




               
            .
Mrs. BLOW sworn.
I live at No. 20, Portman-street, Portman-square


; on Saturday the 23d of September, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; they were all in two baskets, one basket I lost, the other I did not; the prisoner came into my shop, about one o'clock; I was at dinner; I keep a glass and china shop
; he said, do not disturb yourself, I shall be glad to look at some things; I went into the shop, and asked him what he should like to look at; he said, some decanters; I shewed him a pair; he did not think they were good enough; then I shewed him another pair, and he chose them, and a pair of pint decanters; then he wanted a pair of cruetts, and he chose a pair of the best cut, and a pair of salts of the best; then he looked at some china, and chose half a dozen cups and saucers; then he looked out two punch bowls, and a half pint bason, and a pint bason; then he looked out a dozen of glasses, a milk-pot and a tea-pot; I shewed him one of the best, which was five shillings; then he desired me to pack them up and send them home to his house, which was the King's Arms, in North Audley-street; he said, he would be at home by that time, and he would empty the basket; for he was going to get twenty pounds worth of silver, to pay Mr. Gray's men; he said, he was to have twenty gentlemen to dine with him on Thursday, and he should want some more things at night; he came into the shop, and asked me if I had packed up the things, and if I had made out the bill; I told him no, but I had made a memorandum of them upon a piece of paper; and he took it up, says he, what is this the account, two pounds fourteen shillings, and nine pence? yes, says I; then he asked me to give him the silver change against three guineas, and he would send the three guineas by my servant; I told him, I had no silver; he asked me if I had half a guinea; I said, I had not, but I would send the change by the servant; he said, he would carry one of the baskets, and I said, he should not; he said, he would; I went to call my servant, he took up the large basket that stood on the counter, and said come along, to the little girl that stood at the door, he took up the large basket and went out.
Did you insist on his not taking it? - I am sure of that.
You are very sure you did not give him the things as a customer? - No, I did not.
Did you give the things into his custody at all? - No, I refused hi m taking them several times; I said, to the little girl, run after the man, I do not know whether he lives there or not; she took the other basket and ran after him; then I sent my other servant after her; I have never seen my property again; he took the things mentioned in the indictment; he brought back the basket, and my servant 
               
                  Sarah
                   Brady
               



             received it; the things were all in the large basket, except the six wine glasses; I went to look for him, and he was at my shop door, and when he saw me he was going to run away; I saw him begin to run, and I took hold of him by his coat, and he pointed his hands to the King's Arms; and he said, there, there; then he told me to let go, and I said no; then he knocked me down three times, and the last time he tried to choak me; he hit me on the side of my head, and he was obliged to fall because I held fast by him, and he got up again, and the last time he knocked me down and ran away, a gentleman caught him; the gentleman is not here, and my maid saw it, and he was taken into custody; I him told he should not take them; my maid had but two stairs to scour, and she should take them; I had a suspicion of him when he asked for the change.
Have you been to the King's Arms? - Yes.
Does he keep it? - No.
How do you know that? - Because I have seen the man that keeps it; I have been three or four times to the King's Arms.
Did you see the prisoner upon the premises during these times? - No, he was in prison, I never went before he was in prison.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. The first thing you knew of the prisoner was his coming to your house? - Yes, to buy some tumblers.
He had been once before? - He bought four tumblers, and paid for them; he told me then that he kept the King's Arms, and that he should have occasion for a great many other things in our way.
How soon was it after that he came, when he looked out this assortment that you have mentioned to my Lord? - It was Monday when he looked out the tumblers, and he came again on the Saturday, and he looked out these things.
Then he desired you to make out a bill of that assortment? - Yes.

You in consequence made out a bill? - No, I did not, I made out a memorandum on a sheet of paper, which he took from the compter, and put it into his pocket,
"Bought of 
               
                  George
                   Blow
               



            "; I then put all down, and put 2 l. 14 s. 9 d. at the bottom.
Court. When he tore the piece of paper off, and put it in his pocket, had he read it? - He took it off and read it; and he said, it is two pounds fourteen shillings and nine-pence, is the bill; no, says I, it is the memorandum, which I have made out for myself; I did not know he was going to take it, when he put it in his pocket.
Mr. Garrow. You said you had not made out a bill, it was a memorandum? - Yes.
In what does your memorandom, and your bill differ? - I always take a piece of paper, and make out a memorandum, and put it down to see what it comes to, then I book it; I always write a bill in a different way.
How? - Because I take a quarter of a sheet of paper, and cut it a different way; I am more particular in making a bill.
You do it more clerk-like; but is there any difference between your memorandum and your bill but the mode of writing it? - No, Sir.
Now look at that, and tell me what it is? - It is my hand-writing; it is a memorandum; it is not a bill of parcel; it is what I always write down.
Upon your oath, in what does that differ from a bill of parcels; is not the title of it
"Bought of 
               
                  George
                   Blow
               



            ?" do you put down bought of 
               
                  George
                   Blow
               



             on the memorandum? - I always put in the memorandum, and in the book.
Would not your bill of parcels have been a precise copy of that paper in letters and figures? - When I make a memorandum, I am not particular in spelling, but when I make a bill I am.
The sum total would have been the same? - Yes;
The price charged against each article, would have been the same? - Yes.
It is begun September the 23d, 1786, Mr. - bought of 
               
                  George
                   Blow
               



            ? - Yes.
Had you made out the bill of parcels? - No, I had not.
If he had immediately paid you down the money, should you have objected to his taking your memorandum? - Yes, I should have told him I would make a bill out, and send home with the things; I did not wish he would take the things, even if he had paid for them: when he was taken, he said he had not a shilling in the world.


                  DAVID
                   GARRAD
               



             sworn.
I am a bricklayer; I took the prisoner; he was running in Oxford-street, and there was a cry of stop thief? he offered to fetch the things if I would let him go.
Do you know who keeps the King's Arms, in North-Audley-street? - His name is Wyatt; he has kept it two years; I never saw the prisoner in that house.


                  SARAH
                   BRADY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mrs. Blow; I know nothing of the transaction, till the prisoner came back the second time; he said he wanted a pair of decanters for Mr. Gray; my mistress came in presently.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
