






790. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DUFFEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th day of July
, one silver pinto mug, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Barnard
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BARNARD
               



             sworn.
I keep a public house
; about four in the afternoon, the prisoner came into my house, and enquired after a young man by name, who bears an extraordinary good character, and I suffered the prisoner to sit down in the back kitchen, this mug was on the dresser along side of him, I believe he was there about half an hour, the young man ordered a pint of porter for him, which he paid for and went away, and left the prisoner, who staid about two minutes after; just after the prisoner went away I missed the mug, when he had been gone about ten minutes I and three more went in pursuit of him, but missed him; on the Friday following, one 
               
                  Thomas
                   Cole
               



             belonging to Mr. Green's, called at our house for a tumbler of brandy and water, and told me where the mug was, in consequence of which, I went to Mr. Smith's office, in East-Smithfield, and found the mug in possession of 
               
                  Peter
                   Mayne
               



            .
Was the prisoner there? - On the Saturday he was ordered down for examination, he acknowledged he took it.
Was any promise of favour made to him if he acknowledged the truth, or any threat? - Not as I know of.
Was any examination taken in writing? - I do not know.


                  PETER
                   MAYNE
               



             sworn.
(Produced the mug, which had been in his possession ever since.)
(The mug deposed to.)
I am an officer that attends the public office in East-Smithfield, I was informed there was a man that had stolen property, I went in consequence of that information, and searched the prisoner, and found this mug in his jacket pocket, I secured him; it was on the 20th of July, it might be about five in the afternoon, the prisoner was the worse for liquor.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
This pot was given to me, by a person shortly after I went out of the Gentleman's house.
Court to Prosecutor. What was the value of the mug? - I value it at 30 s.




               GUILTY, 30 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
