





829. 
               
                  TAMASIN 
                  ALLEN, alias 
BODDINGTON




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Hugh 
                           Harding
                        




                     
                  , on the 14th day of September
 last, in the dwelling house of Seago, and putting him in coporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, one leather pocket-book, value 1 s. ten grains of rose diamonds, value 8 l. seven grains weight of other diamonds, value 6 l. two brilliant diamonds, value 50 s. a pearl, value 12 s. one topaz, value 5 s. a silver pencil-case, value 2 s. his property; and one promisory note called a bank note, value 10 l. the property of the said Hugh; and the said sum of ten pounds, payable and secured by such note due and unsatisfied to him, against the statute
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  HUGH
                   HARDING
               



             sworn.
I live No. 63, Leather-lane, Holborn, next door to the White-hart; I am a housekeeper; I have kept that house about six years; I kept it at the time of the rioting; I am a jeweller
.
Are you a working jeweller, or do you sell jewels? - I have four or five people to work for me out of the house; on the 14th of September I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, on Thursday, between five and six in the afternoon; I was in Chick-lane when I lost it, at the Marquis of Granby


.
What is the name of the man that keeps the house? - I do not know, he is here; I first lost a metal watch, in a metal case; I went into this house as soon as I lost my watch, and made a great noise about it; Humphry Moore came and spoke to me; I knew him; I saw him at the door of this public house, and he told me if I would come into the house, I should have my watch; I went in there; I thought he would not have behaved in the manner he did to me; he made a great enquiry after this watch; and as I looked upon him to be my friend, I thought he would help me to it; I told him I would leave a guinea if I could get it again; he turned round, and took hold of my hair; this prisoner was with me all the time; Humphry Moore laid fast hold of my coat, and my coat flew open, and the woman at the bar put her hand in my left hand side pocket, I do not recollect which hand, she took my pocket-book out; and Moore and she ran away directly; Moore pulled my coat open, and her hand went in directly; there was a ten pound bank note in my pocketbook, and the rest of the things mentioned in the indictment, of the value therein described; I got out of the house and went home; if I had not got out as I did, I should have been robbed of my gold seals.

Had you any alarm upon you? - I was so much alarmed as this, I was very glad I got out of the house; they were not above four or five minutes about it.
Had you time enough to be sure of the man and the woman? - I am certain sure of the man, because I have known him ten or fourteen years.
As to this prisoner, are you sure of her? - Yes, I swear positively to her; I never found any of my property again.
Had you ever seen the woman before? I cannot say that I have; there were a good many in the house.
Did you tell any body of the loss? - All Chick-lane heard of it; I made noise enough; I went home and told my wife; I said I know all the prisoners; that night I went down, and the woman for my watch was taken that night; this prisoner at the bar was not taken immediately; but I applied at the publick office at Hick's-hall the same night about seven, and there I saw 
               
                  Philip
                   Bristow
               



             the constable; I went the next day before the Justice's to Hick's-hall; I gave an account about these robberies; the first I ever saw of the prisoner after I was robbed, was in Guildhall yard; I think it was better than a week; I described the woman to the people, a lustyish woman, with black hair.
Was the woman pointed out to you, before you pointed her out? - No, they asked me if I knew her; I then went close to her, and knew her the instant; I told the people about me, I am clear she is the woman.
Mr. Garrow. What day of the week was this? - Thursday.
An unlucky day, I believe. - It was an unlucky day to me, I wish I had not seen the day.
The other woman you prosecuted was convicted this session? - Yes.
For stealing your watch? - Yes.
She was indicted for a highway robbery? - Yes, a street robbery.
Well that is the same as to the reward? - She was acquitted of that.
How soon did you make any information before a Magistrate about this woman? - At the same time.
Now upon your oath did you make any before the twenty-third? - I made it that day.
Will you swear that? - I will; she was not taken till the twenty-third; I think it was about the Friday following, about two I saw her.
What is become of Humphry your friend? - I should like to know what is gone of him.
You have a curiosity to know? - I should like to see him; I have sent down to Birmingham.
You took him to be your friend? - you was quite surprized to find him out of Newgate, you drank with him? - I hardly ever drank any thing with them; I knew 
               
                  Bill
                   Moore
               



            , and 
               
                  Jack
                   Moore
               



            , and Humphry, and all of them; a man who has walked London streets cannot fail.
You name never was William? - Never to my knowledge, unless it was before I was born.
Now that is a pretty discreet answer! now you are a jeweller? - Yes.
Will you have the goodness to tell these gentlemen, what your friend Humphry's trade was; you know he is an old client of mine; do you know where he used to buy his rings? - He never bought any of me, none of the gang.
You know their trade used to be, to drop a very fine cluster ring, worth one hundred and forty guineas; you know he was boned for it; are you sure that your diamonds in your pocket-book were not of the same sort? - I know a diamond as well as any man; mine were diamonds.
Was it before or afterwards that you stripped to fight the boy that picked your pocket of your handkerchief? - I never stripped to fight any body; on the 14th of September, at the Granby, I lost my handkerchief in the house; a good many women were in the house, and several at the door.
Was you as sober then as you are now? - Yes.

Much the same perhaps? - I am sober now.
That you swear to; have not you been drinking? - I believe I have drank more to day than I did then; I was sober enough to know the people that robbed me; I could have gone to any shop and done my business, I was not drunk.
Did nobody refuse to give you liquor, because you was so beastly drunk, they would not let you have another glass? - That was the landlord.
He would not trust you with any more liquor? - Why, if he says it, he may say what he likes.
However, he was wicked enough to say it? - You will hear it from the landlord.
But I must hear it from you; did not he tell you, that you was so beastly drunk, he would not give you any more liquor? at the Rotation-office, the landlord being called up, he said you was so drunk, he would not give you any more liquor; is that true or false? - It was false; he did refuse me liquor at his house.
What reason did he give you? - He said there I was drunk.
I do not wonder at the man's saying so? - Nor I neither, the man was frightened to death; he did not know what to say; I will prove whether I was drunk or no; I was no more drunk than I am now; I sometimes get drunk, but never till my business is done.
I am told your character is quite reverse to that in general; you are generally drunk, but sometimes you get sober? - I do not know.
Where had you been spending your evening? - I had been with the man that works for me in Moorfields, and I was coming home, and I was no more drunk than I am now; he has worked for me these seven years; his name is 
               
                  Charles
                   Cobb
               



            .
Why you told me just now, that you had been drinking about as much as you had been to day; who had you been drinking with? - With a gentleman that lodges with me, Mr. Lamb, he parted with me at four.
From thence till seven, who had you been drinking with? - I left him down at St. Catherine's.
Where do you live? - I live at No. 63, Leather-lane, where I have lived a great many years; I keep the house; I swear that.
What business had you in Chick-lane? - I was coming from the man that works for me, and coming across Moorfields, and through Barbican, and through Chick-lane, and Holborn-hill, and Hatton Garden, and so home; I picked up Mr. Moore, at the public house door; I had not been drinking with him, nor I had not told any body I had; I asked for some pepermint, the landlord said I should have none.
Upon your oath, did not you tell the landlord you had been drinking with 
               
                  Moore
               


             that afternoon, and must have some more liquor? - Upon my oath, I never did.
You absolutely deny your stripping to fight with any body? - Yes, I do.


                  ANN
                   WALLIN
               



             sworn.
I am a header of pins; a married woman; I did live at No. 3, Black-boy-alley; when the robbery was done, but the night after I moved; I saw the woman take his watch, and he went into the Marquis of Granby's; he said, he had lost his watch at the door; he went into the bar first himself, then he returned into the street, and met Humphry Moore; I know the prisoner; Moore and the prisoner were together; and Moore said, come in doors, and make yourself easy, I will get you your watch again; then Harding, Moore, and the prisoner went into the Marquis of Granby's, and they were not there long before Moore and this woman came out together, and went down the street together, and I stood at the end of the alley; they turned round to the left, and going down the alley, Moore said to the prisoner, come along, come along; and the prisoner said, here it is, but there does not seem to be any great value in it; her apron was over her hand; I did not see what was under her apron.
Mr. Garrow. How long have you been acquainted with Harding? - Eight years.
How long have you been acquainted with Moore? - I never saw him till that evening; I knew the prisoner very well; I have heard her called Tam Boddington; I said to a woman, that I knew the prosecutor, and would go and tell his wife.


                  Thomas
                   Lee
               



             called, but did not answer.


                  JAMES
                   SEAGO
               



             sworn.
I am a publican in Chick-lane; Mr. Harding was in liquor when he came into our house, he called for a glass of peppermint, which I refused to draw him; he stood leaning a-top of the bar with his elbow; I asked him what was the matter, he said, he had lost his watch; he stopped a minute or two, and then went out of doors, and went in at the other door; I saw him in the tap room once, about ten minutes; I have seen the prisoner before; I heard from Mr. 
               
                  Harding
               


             the next day, that he had lost his pocket book; I do not know how sensibly drunk he was, I thought him very drunk; I did not quit the tap room nor the bar for a considerable time after; he staid ten minutes in the tap room, and never made any complaint in the tap room.
If any body for instance had seized him violently by the collar, and another person taken his pocket book, should not you have known it? - I never heard a syllable about it; I do not know much about this woman; her husband is an honest man I believe.
Did any body strip to fight, or fight? - No, I heard no complaint that this man had lost his stick, nor his hat, or handkerchief, only that he had lost his watch.
Will you say he was very drunk? - I saw him stagger.
Prosecutor. This man said I came to his house the next day, and told him about my pocket book; I never was in his house the next day.
(Harding and Seago confronted.)
Court to Seago. You hear what you have sworn; that this man came to your house the next day, and told you that he lost his pocket book? - Yes, Sir.
Harding. I never did.
Seago. He was there the next day with a short man; I do not know his name; it was in the forenoon, I think before twelve; I think my wife was in the bar; she was unable to go out.
And upon the oath you have taken, you will persist in this fact? - Yes, I will; the man that came with him, had his own hair tied behind; I have heard say he keeps a liquor shop near Smithfield.
Court to Harding. Did you ever go to his house at any time? - Yes, I went there with Phill. Brisco about a week after.
Court to Seago. Are you sure it was not a week after? - No, Sir, he came only once, I really think it was the next day; I think I can swear it was not a week after; I am sure it was the next day, because I had just heard of his being robbed.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel; I am so ill I cannot speak.
The prisoner called two witnesses to her character.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
