





38. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WELDON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Young
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of four in the afternoon, on the 15th day of November
 last, no person being therein, and feloniously stealing therein, one linen shirt, value 2 s. a linen gown, value 11 s. two aprons, value 2 s. a cloth cloak, value 2 s. four caps, value 1 s. a handkerchief, value 9 d. a silk hat, value 3 s. a man's hat, value 2 s. eight sheets, value 24 s. two pillow-cases, value 1 s. fourteen clouts, value 2 s. one shift, value 3 s. three caps, value 6 d. one shirt, value 6 d. one bedgown, value 6 d. one blanket, value 1 s. one linen petticoat, value 6 d. one trunk, value 3 d. his property
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
I live on Saffron-hill


, I am a carpet weaver
; my house was broke open on the 15th of November last, it is my dwelling-house; I left it about four o'clock, I returned about twenty minutes after four, upon hearing the cry of stop thief in my yard; I work just by it; when I left my house, my door was double locked; I am sure the windows were shut down, and pegged down in every part of the house; I have but one window, in what I call the front; I can say with certainty, when I left the house, that every part was fast and firm; I always examine the windows, because I have been robbed before; when I came back to the house, the door was fast as it was when I left it, and my window was bursted out; I did not perceive that from without, I did not go round.
Which window was this that you found bursted out? - That in the yard, the back of the house was bursted open, and the pegs were broke off; they were pegged down with wooden pegs, I am sure I left the windows firm and fast; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, I saw them at the Justices's half an hour after; I did not know what I had lost before, some were taken out in my presence; the trunk was mine, there was no mark on it; I have no servant, I had such a trunk as that stood under the window, that was burst open; there was a door between the two rooms, it was not locked, it was thrown open; the lid of the trunk was broke, and the trunk I saw at the Justices's had the lid broke; I can swear to all the things that were taken, my wife was gone to work with me, and my children were with her.


                  HENRY
                   HALLIMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a carpet weaver by trade, on Thursday evening, the 15th of November last, I was in my own house, next door to the prosecutor's, between four and five in the evening; and I was alarmed by one 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Powell
               



            , who had hold of the skirt of the prisoner's coat; and said he was a thief! I seized him, and he had some mortar on his coat; there is a partition wall in my yard, which had been repaired a day or two before; I took him to my door, and he refused to go in it; we pushed him in, and there lay a large bundle tied up in a coarse sheet; the back door is within two yards of wall, the things were found about six or seven yards from the wall; I took the prisoner in the street, about twelve yards from the things.


                  MARY
                   CAVE
               



             sworn.
I am a married woman, I lodge in Mr. Young's house; on the 15th of November, I was going into the yard, and saw the prisoner standing by the door of these rooms; it was between four and five in the evening, I asked the prisoner his business there; he said nothing at all, he immediately jumped over the wall, which parts the yards of Mr. Young and the last witness; he jumped out of that yard into the other; when he got to the other side of the wall, he stood stooping; I left him, and met with 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Powell
               



            , and bid her watch the door; I got further assistance, I saw nothing about him when he jumped over the wall; I saw the things when they were brought out of the passage, but not before.
Was it light at this time? - It was duskish, nobody was in Mr. Young's house.
Could you distinguish people very well? - Yes.
Have you any doubt about the man? - No.



                  ELIZABETH
                   POWELL
               



             sworn.
The last witness bid me watch, and I saw the prisoner coming out of the passage; and caught at him, and held him till the prosecutor and Halliman came up; the prisoner was about half a yard from the property, he made no resistance, tho' he had a stick in his hand.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been sick, and came out for a little air; I stopped between these two doors, and they took me, and pushed me into the passage.




               GUILTY. Of stealing to the value of 10 d. but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
