





350. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, two silver table-spoons, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ingram
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   INGRAM
               



             sworn.
I keep the Castle, in Portugal-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields




, the prisoner was my pot-boy
; on the 27th of April we missed two table-spoons, we searched every part of the house, but they could not be found; we charged the cook with them; the prisoner burst out a crying, and said, he had taken the spoons and sold them; one for seven shillings, and the other for nine shillings, to a Mr. Turton and partner, in Fore-street, Cripplegate.


                  WILLIAM
                   TURTON
               



             sworn.
I am a working silversmith.
Have you any spoons? - No, they are melted.
To Ingram. Has Mr. Turton ever been examined before? - Yes, before Sir Sampson Wright, at Bow-street.
Turton. The prisoner came to me on the 21st of April, with one spoon; he said, his father was a master taylor, that he was in distress and sent him to sell it; my partner bought the first spoon, but I was present; he came afterwards with another about a month ago, almost with the same story; I asked him, if his father had got any work, he said no; my partner came in just as I gave the boy the money; sayshe, I cannot tell what to make of it; I sent our boy to watch him.
You had some suspicion then? - Yes.
Then how came you to melt the property when you had a suspicion it was stolen? - I did not know how to find out the owners; I kept them a week before I inelred them down; we take silver in exchange for our work, and we have as many spoons as any thing.
And do you buy of any stranger that comes to the shop? - No; but this boy came with so plausible a story, that, I did not doubt the truth of it.
When you suspected him then you melted it down? - I kept it a week first; I did not mean any harm.
Buying plate of strangers in this way, and destroying the evidence, is very improper conduct? - I promise you I shall never do the like again, and I am very sorry my name should be brought in question now; we work for some of the most capital houses in town.
You must be very careful for the future? - Indeed, I will.
Court. If you had not been examined before, I certainly should not have examined you now.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I did take the spoons, and sell them at Mr. Turton's.



               GUILTY
            .
(Aged 13 years.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


