






83. 
               
                  ANN
                   (
                  wife
 of William) CLAPTON
               



            , and 
               
                  CHARLOTTE
                   (
                  wife
 of Thomas) MARSH
               



            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th day of October
 last, two muslin aprons, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Bowerbank
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  EDWARD
                   BOWERBANK
               



             sworn.
I keep a linen-draper's shop
 in Newgate-street


: on the 28th of October, about half past four, the prisoner came into my shop, and asked to look at some muslin aprons, which my young man shewed them; I was engaged in the back-shop; my young man sold them one; he called to me for change, which I understood to be a signal or mark of suspicion; I went round the counter to him; and the prisoner Clapton had gone close towards the door; and just as she had got to the threshold, he told her she had something which she should not have, and wished her to produce it; she said she had not; I then turned to the other prisoner, Marsh, and charged her; she said, she had nothing; I suspected her, from her having a bundle under her arm, which did not appear to have been folded up by a linen-draper, which made me desire more to see it; it was prints; part of an apron stuck out of the prisoner's pocket, which my young man assisted her to take out of her pocket; I then took the print from her; the old one made answer then, that they had bought it and paid for it, a little lower down in Holborn-bridge; she varied much in her story; I sent for a constable, and they were committed; the young one said nothing, but the old one made a number of excuses, and said they would pay for them; when they found I was resolute in sending for a constable, the old one kneeled down, and they offered to buy and pay for several things.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's council. Is your young gentleman here? - Yes.
Had you no other in the shop? - Yes; but he is not here.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROBERTSON
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to the prosecutor; I remember the prisoners coming into the shop between four and five; they looked at some muslin-aprons; I brought some; they chose one, and the younger (Marsh) paid for it; she asked me to change half-a-guinea; Mr. Bowerbank, by my request, sent me the change by a young man; while I was busy, the eldest took an apron; I did not see her, but I begged to search her, and pulled her cloak aside, and found it in her pocket; part of it stuck out; I asked her what she was going to do with it, she said to look at it at the door by the light; I told her it was her intention to steal it; and thenshe offered to pay for it; then she went to Mr. Bowerbank, and offered all the money they had, which was 15 s. if Mr. Bowerbank would let them go out of the shop; another apron was found in the pocket of the other; another person of the name of Bowerbank was in the shop, who is not here.
Mr. Garrow. The asking for change was a signal? - Yes.
It was a custom, and of course the other Bowerbank knew it? - Yes.
The other prisoner bought an apron for 4 s. 6 d.? - I believe 5 s.
Was the apron you found on the prisoner of the same value as that she bought? - Yes, and of the same quality.
Court to Bowerbank. Were they searched? - Yes, and I took an apron from under Marsh's cloak.


                  Thomas
                   Pearson
               



            . I am a constable, and produce the apron.
JOSEPH WOLLEY sworn.
I have known the prisoners for seven years, for decency, honesty, and sobriety; I scarcely ever knew their equals.


                  JOHN
                   OULSON
               



             sworn.
I have known them for six years; they have a good character.


                  THOMAS
                   ELLIOTT
               



             sworn.
I have known them seven years; they have a good character.
- FORD sworn.
I have known them six years; good characters.


                  HANNAH
                   PRESTON
               



             sworn.
I have known them four years, good characters.


                  JOHN
                   PAGE
               



             sworn.
I have known them six years, good characters.


                  THOMAS
                   LEWIS
               



             sworn.
I have known them eight years, the best of characters.


                  ANN
                   CLAPTON
               






               GUILTY, not privily
            .
CHARLOTTE MARSH, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


