






327. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KYBERD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, 500 lb. weight of printed paper, value 20 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Harrison
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .
The case opened by Mr. Silvester.
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  WILLIAM
                   PARSON
               



             sworn.
I am a cheesemonger, I know the prisoner; the latter end of December the prisoner came to me, and asked me, if I wanted any waste paper; we use a great deal of it, I told him that was an article we never refused; I asked him how much he had; he said it was very clean, he told me his father was a printer, near Black-friars-bridge, that he had got a good many numbers, which were incorrect, and he had prevailed on his father to dispose of them; he brought me a sample, about an hundred weight in a bag; when he took it out of the bag, I asked him, what he must have for it; he told me twopence halfpenny a pound; I offered him two-pence, or else he might take it back again; he said I should have it, and I weighed it; he said he had some more, and in the course of the next day he brought such another parcel; I weighed it, and paid him for it: I saw no more of the prisoner till I saw him at Guildhall, he was at my house with some paper afterwards, but I was not at home.
Are you sure that is the man you purchased the paper of? - Yes.
What did you do with the paper you purchased of him? - I put it on a shelf in my shop for use, and some time after that, Mr. Macdermot, a cheesemonger, came into my shop, and asked me to let him have a little waste paper; and some I sold to Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Lowes
               



            , and some to Mr. 
               
                  Nathaniel
                   Bell
               



            ; I did not sell any to any body else.
Have you any of it now? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow. Is this that you are going to produce, any of that which you bought yourself at either of those two times? - That I cannot say.


                  HENRY
                   BRATHWAIT
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to Mr. Parsons, the cheesemonger, I purchased some paper from the prisoner in December.
What quantity did you purchase? - He came twice or thrice when my master was out of the way, and he bought about an hundred weight at a time of him.
Is that some of the paper? - This is some of the same sort, I cannot say it is the same bundle I bought of him, and paid for.
Was you present when your master bought them? - Yes, it was the same sort that I saw.
Mr. Garrow. There are a great many thousand reams of the same sort in this town, you do not mean to say that any part of that is the same? - No.
Where was it last night? - It was left with a person yesterday.
Court. Are there any marks upon it by which you know it to be the same paper? - Here are some of the marks of the chalk.
Do you mean to swear, by those marks, that that is the paper you bought? - No.
Mr. Silvester. Where does it come from now? - From the Pitt's Head.
Mr. Silvester to Parsons. Look at that paper? - I know it to be the sort of paper.
Had you any of that kind or sort from any body else but the prisoner at the bar? - No.
- MACDERMOT sworn.
I am a cheesemonger, I purchased some waste paper of Parsons, I cannot say what month it was in, I had it home, and used a part of it, the other part I have now by me, there is a bundle of it there.
Mr. Garrow. Before it is produced give me leave to ask you in whose possession it has been ever since? - I bought it of Mr. Parsons over night, it was late, and I sent my cart for it next morning, and my man brought it.
Is your man here? - No.
Then you do not know where he brought it from.

Court. Did you see the paper you went to buy? - Yes.
What sort of paper was it? - Such paper as that, I saw it then, and weighed it likewise, it was about three hundred and a quarter.
Mr. Garrow. Did you weigh the paper your man brought home? - No.
Then by the weight you do not know it was the same you saw at Parsons's; it had the Bible printed on it? - I really do not know that.
It was the same size paper? - I never looked at the inside of it.
That bundle of paper which you produce in whose custody has it been? - It lay in my house till last night, it was left at the Pitt's Head.
It may have been changed? - I cannot say.
How many people have you employed in your shop? - Three or four.
Any of whom may sell it, or exchange it? - Yes.
Prisoner. My prosecutor is speaking to one of the witnesses against me.


                  JOHN
                   ROSE
               



             sworn.
I have some paper here which I bought of Mr. Parsons, this is the same.
Mr. Garrow. How do you know it is the same? - Because I bought it of Mr. Parsons, and put it on the shelf, I took it out of the coach, and carried it into the Pitt's-head, my lad put it in, I took it down myself.
How long before had you bought it? - Some time, I believe the beginning of January, it had been upon the shelf near two months, a good deal of it had been used.
How many servants have you? - Two, sometimes I sell some, and sometimes my servants, in my absence.
Do you know it by any thing except its size? - I put my name upon it, I had no other paper in the house.
Court. I suppose you keep your paper in some particular part of the shop? - On the shelf.
Do you attend your shop yourself? - Yes.
Have you any other paper? - No, only a few leaves, the size of a common prayer book, so that I can be sure it is the same.


                  JOHN
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
I live in Newgate-street, the prisoner was my servant and warehouse man.
Look at this paper? - This is the old Bible that I printed two or three years ago, this is my property, part of it is Rapin's History of England, part of it is the old Bible, and part of it an octavo prayer-book, and here is a sample for the satisfaction of the Court to compare, if required.


                  EDWARD
                   GOLDSPRING
               



             sworn.
I keep the Pitt's-head, some parcels of paper were locked in the cellar last night I did not see them come in, but when I did go to the cellar they were there, and I delivered those parcels out this morning.
Mr. Garrow to Prosecutor. How long had this young man been with you? - About six or seven months.
What was his character? - If you think proper, I will give you an account of all I know about his character, I would not have kept him in my service so long, if I had not thought him honest, but I lost upwards of five hundred weight.
You cannot ascertain how long that might have been going? - He might have been stealing that paper for twelve months to come, and I never miss it; I suppose there is five or six thousand pounds worth there, it is impossible to ascertain how much I lost out of so great a quantity, some of it was printed two or three years ago, some of it is a new Bible that is just finished about a fortnight or three weeks ago.
When was that part finished that is produced? - About three or four years ago.
When was that part of Rapin's History finished that is in that bundle? - It is a hundred sheets of one sort of history, there is a hundred of another, and they are all different parts, a latter part, a first part, and all.
How long ago was the latter part of that history printed by you? - A part of the Bible, and that part of the History of England, I believe not above six months ago; all the new Bible has been printed in the course of two years, it was finished about three weeks ago.
Did much of it remain unfinished within two months past? - I can safely say, the History of England, and the Bible were not finished six months ago, this bundle consists intirely of the old Bible.
Look at the other parcels? - This is chiefly the new Bible.
When was the latest of that Bible printed? - About thirty weeks ago.
When were these sheets printed? - This is page 158, we are now printing about four hundred, I believe this was done about three or four months ago.
Mr. Garrow. Where were these works printed? - At my own Printing-office in town.
You always print a certain number over for waste? - There is what they call over paper for proofs, only this is not proofs.
But after you had printed a certain number of sheets for use, you print some over paper after? - I can say this in answer to that, that I never sold a sheet since I began business, and that there is no waste paper mong the men, till I leave of printing.
Is not it your custom to print over paper to supply defective sheets? - We do print what they call over copies.


                  JOHN
                   HILL
               



             sworn.
I work with Mr. Harrison, I went to see the prisoner, we were all surprised, I asked him, says I, you have taken a large quantity of paper, I find, and he said, he had taken it.
Had not you said this to him, that it would be better for him to confess? - No, I never asked him any such thing; in the course of the conversation, I understood from Mr. Harrison, that he had taken above a ton weight, but when I came to tell him, he said, he had not taken above five hundred.
Prisoner. I did not tell him that; I told him, there was only five hundred laid to my charge by the prosecutor.
Court to Hill. You said, that he told you, he had not taken about five hundred; he says, that all he told you was, that there was only five hundred laid to his charge? - He probably might say so, but I understood him, that he had not taken above five hundred.


                  ROBERT
                   FARQUHAR
               



             sworn.
I work for Mr. Harrison, I paid a visit with Hill, but it was of a different nature from asking any questions about this matter; I heard some words pass between them, but there were several people in the company, and the room was very close, and I was not near enough to distinguish between them.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I can say this, that I never took the paper; I never went there to work in the morning till after eight, and left it at eight, during this time the shop was full of people, I had no opportunity of being alone, and it is impossible that I could take it.


                  ROBERT
                   COLLINS
               



             sworn.
I am a book-binder in Warwick-lane, I have known the prisoner this nine or ten years, he worked for me, and I have trusted him with a great deal of money, and my property; and I have always found him an honest man, and that is his general character.


                  HENRY
                   CLARK
               



             sworn.
I live in the Borough, I am a carpenter; I have known him between twelve and thirteen years, I have trusted him with property to a considerable amount; I always found him a truly honest man, that is his general character; I have gone out, and left my house with plate, money, and goods and him in it, and found it just as I left it, on my return.



                  EDWARD
                   MUSGRAVE
               



             sworn.
I have known him about eight years, I knew him in the garrison of Gibraltar, he was a gunner under my inspection, I was bombardier; he always behaved like an honest young man, and bore a universal good character in the garrison, by all the officers and men; he was always an honest young fellow till this time.


                  DAVID
                   COE
               



             sworn.
I live in the Borough, I keep an academy; I have known him seven or eight months, and his family a great many years, he had a general honest, good character, I would have trusted him with a hundredpounds, his father used to be steward to noblemen.


                  HENRY
                   WESTLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a book-binder, in Prujean-square: I have known him ten or eleven years, I never hear a bad character, but always steady, sober, and honest.


                  ROBERT
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
I have known him for a year and a half, a very sober, honest, and industrious young man, always assiduous in his business.
Mr. Garrow. I have more witnesses, but I have called enough.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
