





631. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WILD
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he on the 15th day of June
 last, on one 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           King
                        




                     
                  , unlawfully and wilfully, and feloniously did make an assault, and did then and there, in a forcible and violent manner, demand the monies of the said 
                     
                        William
                         King
                     



                  , with intent his monies feloniously to steal
            .
The indictment was opened by Mr. Knowlys, and the case by Mr. Silvester.


                  WILLIAM
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I am one of the Provost Marshals at St. James's
; I had been at the bowling green at Pimlico, I had had a pint of ale, and had been seeing them play at bowls, coming through the park I meant to come out at Spring-garden-gate, the gate was shut, and I turned about to go to the stable yard, when I came to the back of the Duke of Marlborough's gardens, a soldier, not the prisoner, came up and asked me how I did; I told him he knew nothing of me, I wondered at him asking me, he said he did, he then asked me if I would go and take a walk; I asked him what he meant by a walk; he said he would very soon tell me what he meant; I told him he was mistaken, I desired him to go about his business, he was much mistaken; then he said you will give me something; I looked very earnestly at him, and I believe I might make use of an oath, damn me, says I, you rascal, what do you mean by that? instantly then the prisoner and another laid hold of me, and said damn his eyes if he does not give me money, I will swear that I saw his hands in a very indecent manner in the other soldier's breeches; he damned his eyes many times, and made use of these words, blast me, and blast my eyes, and one said that is right, stand to that; they were all three about me; I had then ninety pounds about me in bank notes, I had either six, seven, or eight guineas, I am not sure which, in gold, and some silver, and my watch in my pocket, I was very much alarmed and flurried, I expected to be robbed of every farthing I had; I immediately called for the assistance of the centinel, the first, to the best of my recollection, that was nearest, was at the back of the palace gardens, none came to my assistance, I exerted myself very much, and fought and wrangled, and got near the centinel; I said these rascals want to rob me, and I insist upon it that you take charge of them; and he signified that he had no right to take charge of them, but he held up his firelock between the three soldiers and me, and said damn you, you rascals, what do you want with the gentleman? then they let me go, I went from them, and they followed me, and began blasting my eyes, and saying that I wanted to attempt an indecent act in behaving in the manner I did to the soldier, they swore that they would take me to the centry box, I got away from them by the assistance of the soldier, I came to the gate, where they all three followed me, and demanded my money over and over again; they swore one to another that they would swear it, and the prisoner particularly damned his eyes and limbs that he would swear it to the colonel, and they called one another by their names; I then came into the stable yard, and there were a couple of Lord Harrington's servants stood at one door, I told them, and one servant took hold of my arm, and said he would see me into St. James's-street, and there two of the soldiers ran away whom I do not know; this one abused me and made out that kind of case, and when we came into Cleveland-row I lost sight of the prisoner; the servant left me, and I came on through Pallmall home, I neither saw nor heard any thing of him for ten days or a fortnight; I had been several days on my duty at St. James's, on account of the drawing-rooms, and levies; and I was going one day with Mr. Millar from the House of Lords, and the prisoner accosted me again, he asked me if I did not remember being in the park a few nights before, and he acknowledged himself to be one of the men that had hold of me, and that I was too strong for him, he said that I said they wanted to rob me, but they did not mean that, for they only wanted some money to drink; neither did he see any harm of me, nor did he want to expose me; the prisoner would not tell his name; nor the names of his comrades, he said he did not know them, but they belonged to the same regiment with him, but they had the other regiments clothes on that night; with that he went back towards St. James's; and the next morning, which was Saturday morning, I went into Kent, and did not return till Monday evening; on the Wednesday I was on my duty at St. James's; I then got hold of the prisoner's name, and the next morning I got a warrant for him, and took him up; when we came before the magistrate I repeated the story I have done now, the prisoner then told the magistrate that he saw me in that indecent manner with the soldier, and that was all he said; he said, I was sitting on the other side by the Mall.
Upon the oath that you have taken had you been sitting down in the park at all that night? - No, Sir; I had never opened my lips to any body breathing.
I understand you have since found the centinel? - Yes.
Prisoner. You was along with a man, I was passing with a girl, ask him one question, whether I did not tell the men that are over him at St. James's the next day, that I saw him on duty, I accused him of it before my serjeant in the street, and told him every thing of it, and he denied he was there.
Prosecutor. I did not see him till a fortnight after.
Did he accuse you before the serjeant? - No, he did not.
Prisoner. The next day that I saw him, on the 25th of June.
Court to Prisoner. Did you charge him before the serjeant? - I said to my serjeant there is the man that I saw last night.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you see that man the next day? - I never saw him for a fortnight.
Did he accuse you the next day?
Prisoner. I say the next time that I saw him.
Prosecutor. No, my Lord, he said he saw no harm of me.
Prisoner. Ask him whether when Lord Harrington's servants were walking with him, I told him of the things that he had done, and if he would come the next morning, there were three men that did accuse him of these things, that he had connections with him in the park, and when Lord Harrington's black servant heard it, he left him.
Court to Prosecutor. Did he charge you with indecency before Lord Harrington's servants? - He said he saw me with a man in the manner that he has now been saying, and before Lord Harrington's servants, when the other two ran away.
Prisoner. Why did not he take me up before that time? - I did not know him, I could not have known him if he had not attacked me the second time, nor I should not have known the other two.
Prisoner. Ask him whether that man that stands along with him at the front gate of the park did not say he would not stand with such a man unless he cleared himself up, for he was a man that was not sit to talk to a man? he only took me up for defence of his own character, he would not have taken me up, and said nothing at all to me if I had held my tongue.
Court to Prisoner. Would you have me ask him that question.
Prisoner. Please to let me consider of if you please to ask whether he was not sat down on one of the benches with a soldier, and whether I did not pass by with a girl? - I never was off my legs, nor saw any woman in company with any soldier.
Prisoner. I dossed my shoes off my feet, and went and run up to the place to hear, I could not hear what passed, but as soon as they got off their seat, says the soldier, I will have something more to drink.


                  SAMUEL
                   PRIGG
               



             sworn.
I was sentry that night, on the 15th of June, from ten to twelve; about half after ten some soldiers and the prosecutor came up wrangling and jawing one another, and they began to use the gentleman very ill; the prisoner was not with them three soldiers; I took the gentleman from the soldiers and parted them; I said what have you been doing of? says one of the soldiers, I was making water up against a tree, just by Carleton-house, and this gentleman came and took hold of my private parts, and he desired me to keep the gentleman prisoner till I left the sentry, and then to take him to the guard-house; I told them I did not choose to do it, you are three of you, take the gentleman to the guardroom; says the gentleman, I am willing to go to the guard-room; then the prisoner came up to me, and said, I would take them all up if I was you, and that was all he spoke.
He is in the same regiment with you? - Yes.
Did you know the other two men? - I did not, they were strangers to me; I think two of them belonged to the Cold-stream, and the other to the third regiment, I do not know that I ever saw them before in my life.
What regimentals had they on? - Two of them had two Coldstream coats on, that is the second regiment, and one of them had the third regiment; two of them were grenadiers, and one was a hatman.
Of what regiment is the prisoner? - The first, he was on duty at that time.
Prisoner. I was on duty there.
Was the prisoner on duty? - Not in the park, he belonged to the king's guard that night, he went off to his guard that night; the prisoner belonged to that guard that marched off the parade that morning.
Mr. Silvester. What business had he in the park at that time of night? - He might be walking through to see his wife safe home.
But his business did not require him to be in the park? - No.
Court. He was obliged to be near? - Yes; but he had liberty to go any where in the park, or assist any sentry.
Where is the guard room? - Just by the park.
Prisoner. Whether I did not ask him if I was the man, before Lord Harrington's servants, and he said no?
Prosecutor. I said he was the man that first demanded the money.
Prisoner. The prosecutor then said to Lord Harrington's servants that I was not one of them.
Prosecutor. There was only three soldiers in all, and the prisoner was the first man that made the expression of money; this was the man that said damn my eyes he must give us some money.


                  JOHN
                   MILLAR
               



             sworn.
I am a Provost Marshal, I was walking with Mr. King; the prisoner at the bar came up to Mr. King, and said do not you remember seeing me in the park the other night? King said he did; says the prisoner, I understand you give it out that we wanted to rob you, I was one that had hold of your collar, and we had a strong tussle together, but you was too strong for me and got away; we did not want to rob you, what we wanted was some money to drink; we asked him what his name was, and his other two confederates; he immediately replied, and said he did not know the men, and did not know their names; but they belonged to the first regiment, only they had the second regiment's clothes on that night; he said he must confess he saw no harm between them; with that Mr. King swore, and asked him what he wanted, and what he meant; the prisoner said he did not want to expose him in the street; that was all that passed while I was present.
Was you afterwards before the magistrate? - Yes.
Tell us what passed there? - The prisoner, when he came to the magistrate, said he saw Mr. King sitting down in the park in a very indecent manner, with another soldier; that he pulled off his shoes to hear what they were talking about; that the prisoner and a woman passed him several times.
Prisoner. Please to ask him whether the marshal man at the gate did not accuse the prosecutor, and say he was such and such a man, and that they would not stand with him unless he cleared himself? - I do not know a syllable of that; here is one of the marshalmen here in court.
Prisoner. Please to examine that marshalman, but that is not the marshalman.
Court. How many marshalman are there? - Six, and here are three.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was not the man that spoke a word to him, neither wrong nor right till the sentry was charged with him; I had no conversation with him; I was along with a girl at the same time; I came down the park, and a soldier and he had a tustle; the three men said they would have something to drink, or else they would take him to the guard-room, and he said he would give them no more; then he went to Lord Harrington's servants, and I came up; the prosecutor had an apron on, and a round hat; and his hair was tied at that time, and his apron was tucked on one side; and when I saw him with the soldier, his apron was wrapped up plump round him; and when he got up he put down his apron; I said to the prosecutor, you know you have behaved indecent to the soldiers, and am I one of the men; no says he, you are not; and when I told the black servant the whole of it, he would not go no farther; I went to the guard-room, and told the serjeant of it; the next morning I could see never a marshalman, but I asked the man that took care of the king's chapel, I described the prosecutor as a tall man that stooped in his walk; he could not tell me his name; the next day I went on guard, that was the 20th, and I asked the name of the marshalman, they said, I believe by the description it is Mr. King; says I, I saw him doing things he should not, with a soldier, one night between ten and eleven; I could not see him that day; I constantly told of it, and was told that he went in the report of a shake; and the marshalman said they would not stand with him without he would clear it up; I never was reported to captain, colonel, or serjeant for wronging any man; I never was in prison before in my life; I am lately come out of the country; I have not been long in the regiment; Mr. King would not come down to speak to me when they went up.


                  JAMES
                   MOSS
               



             sworn.
I was sentry in St. James's park; and I heard a noise opposite the park; I am of the first regiment; I was at Penny's gate, that goes to St. James's, where the guards march through, and the gentleman called out sentry for assistance; I ran over to him, and the other sentry was with him when I went; and the gentleman said, that the three soldiers, two of the second regiment, and one of the third, attempted to rob him; they accused the gentleman of putting his hand into one of their breeches, and catching hold of his private parts; the soldier persuaded me to take the gentleman in custody to the guardroom, and the prisoner came up, he was not with them; there were three soldiers besides; the prisoner at the bar came up; he was not with them; there were three soldiers besides the prisoner at the bar.
Court. Take care what you say; are you sure that there were three soldiers besides the prisoner? - Yes, two of the second regiment, and one of the third.
Court. Take care you do not swear falsely; you may answer for that in another place? - Then the prisoner came up and said, sentry I would take them all to the guard-room if I was you, which I refused, and would not take him; I told him they were more able to take him than I was, I was not able to take four to the guard-room; the prisoner walked off to his guard immediately, the other three soldiers and the gentleman went towards the guard-room, where I was centinel.
Then the prisoner never went out of the park? - No, he did not.
Then you are clear and positive that there were three soldiers besides the prisoner? - Yes.
And you are very clear at the same time that the prisoner did not follow the gentleman into St. James's-street, but went into the park again? - Yes.
Recollect yourself, be cautious? - He never went out of the park to the best of my knowledge.


                  Samuel
                   Brigg
               



             called in again.
Court. How many soldiers were there besides the prisoner? - The prisoner was not there; there were three soldiers; the prisoner was not there when the other three soldiers were there; the prisoner came on my post just as the other three walked off; the three soldiers and the prosecutor came from Carleton house to my post; the prisoner did not come up till after they were walking off to the guard-house, then the prisoner came to me and said, if I was you, I would take them all prisoners, then he walked off to his guard; he was not interfering with them any more than I was; he was not nigh them; the prisoner at the bar never spoke to the gentleman, only said to me, if I was you I would take them all prisoners; he walked off to his guard directly, and they went off my post, I had nothing more to do with them then.
Court to Prosecutor. How many soldiers were there? - Three, the prisoner and two more; there were only three in all, and the prisoner was the first that collared me opposite Marlborough-wall, and the first man that demanded my money; I am sure that it was the prisoner; I was worse used by the prisoner than by any of the others; he swore he would have money; I swear to him from the recollection of his voice when he spoke to me the second time, and from the threatening expressions he made use of.
Jury. I understand that Mr. King said that the reason that he did not take him up before was that he did not know him? - Yes, I did.
Court to Prisoner. Have you any other witnesses to examine? - I came and told the serjeant in the guard-room that night; I told it the next day to the Marshalman, and the prosecutor might have come down to St. James's, and have taken me up any day; he knew I was on guard every fifth day; and if he could have sworn to my voice, why did not he come the next day, or the day after? it was three weeks before he took me up.


                  ROBERT
                   MANN
               



             sworn.
I am a serjeant; on the 15th of June, about eleven at night, the prisoner came to the guard-room, and accused a gentleman, one of the marshalmen (he did not mention his name) with sitting with a soldier in the park, upon one of the benches, with one arm round the soldier's neck, and the other hand in his breeches; I heard no more of it; on the 25th of June, that was ten days afterwards, I saw the prisoner speaking to the prosecutor in St. James's street, fronting St. James's coffee-house; I did not hear what passed; I was standing in front of St. James's gate; I saw them talking together in the middle of the street for about ten minutes.
Mr. Knowlys. Was you before the magistrate when this man was taken up? - Yes.
Did you say this at that time? - I was only asked to the soldier's character, I did not mention this.
How came you not? - I was not asked that question.

Court to Prisoner. Have you any witnesses to your character? - I have nobody in London that knows me; I came lately out of Derbyshire.
Court to Serjeant. What has been his general character? - He never was taken up for any thing of the kind.
What has been his general character as a man? - I know no other of him than I know he lived with a woman of the town.
Did he bear a good character as an honest man? - I never heard to the contrary.
Mr. Knowlys. I believe you was asked as to his character before the magistrate? - Yes, as a soldier
 only.
What character did you give him before the magistrate? - All that I said was, that he now and then neglected duty, and came dirty to duty at times; I was not asked whether he was an honest or dishonest man.
Court. Then I ask you now what has been his general character? - I never knew him dishonest.
What has been his general character, men have characters, I do not ask you to particular acts? in what reputation has he generally been for his honesty in the regiment? - He has never behaved amiss any farther than what I have told you.
That is not an answer. - I never heard him accused of any dishonesty.
Then he has had a general good character? - Yes, as an honest man, I never heard any thing to the contrary.
Mr. Knowlys. Are you of the same regiment with that man? - Yes, Sir, of the same company; I have been in the company seven years.
The Jury withdrew for a short time, and returned with a verdict



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Court. I agree with you perfectly, gentlemen, in your verdict.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
