





412. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     CRITCHLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th day of March
 last, one wicker basket, value 6 d. two pair of linen sheets, value 20 s. one table-cloth, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Vaughan
                  




               
            .
EVERITT WARNER sworn.
On the morning I loaded my cart a little before five, I came from Enfield to
Chancery-lane


, I stopped to unload my cart at Mr. Vaughan's house, it was last Saturday was six weeks, about nine in the morning; I brought linen and china, and small wood for firing, when I drove up to the door, I knocked and undid my rope that tied down this basket and box, the maid opened the door, I took the box off and carried it into the passage, when I returned to the cart the basket was gone.
Are you positive sure that you saw the basket at the time that you took in the box? - When I undid the rope, I am sure the basket was on the cart, I did not stay in the house above a minute or two at most; there were sheets and table-cloths in the basket, this is the basket; upon missing it I looked up and down Chancery-lane, I could not see a soul, I had not seen the prisoner before, I turned up Carey-street, there I saw the prisoner turn the corner to go down Bell-yard, I took him and brought him back, and asked him where he was going with that basket; he said he was going to carry it; I said then he should carry it back again; in about ten yards a man came up in a green coat, and asked what was the matter, I told him; he bid me not tear his shirt; I told him I would tear his flesh if he wanted to go away; this is the basket.
Do you know that these things were in the basket? - Yes, because we opened the basket when the thief was taken, I saw it opened, and my mistress and me packed them up over night, they are all marked; it was as full as ever the basket would hold.


                  CATHERINE
                   VAUGHAN
               



             sworn.
I am wife to Mr. Vaughan, these are my husband's property, these are the sheets I packed up over night.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A person gave them me to carry, he promised me a shilling to carry them to the Adelphi in the Strand, and in two or three hundred yards I was stopped; the man was not six or seven yards before me, I told him to take that man that was before me.
Court to Warner. How far from Carey-street is Mr. Vaughan's house? - Just opposite.
Was the prisoner running or walking? - He trotted along, there was nobody else in the street; after I took him, a man in a green coat came up, he seemed to come from Temple-bar way.
Then supposing the man had gone on with the basket, this man would have met him? - Yes, that man came to my master's, and staid there a good bit, he pretended to assist, but I did not give him any encouragement.
Prisoner. I had the parcel given into my hands to carry; a person was with me, he is here, but I cannot rightly say his name.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who all gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
