





779. 
               
                  
                     GARRET 
                     WOOLLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of October
 last, fifty pounds weight of lead, value 10 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           William Thomas 
                           Leslie
                        




                     
                  , then and there fixed to a certain house of his, against the statute
            .
A second count, Charging him with stealing the said lead, affixed to a building of the said Thomas.


                  WILLIAM
                   THOMAS LESLIE
               



             sworn.
I have a house in St. James's, Clerkenwell


, not yet finished, or inhabited; on the 7th of October, I had information that some lead was missing; I went to the house, and the top of the house appeared to have been newly cut; the house had been intirely covered with lead a day or two before, and I had been in the house, and all was safe; then we went to the office, and saw the prisoner and the witnesses.


                  SAMUEL
                   COX
               



             sworn.
I am one of the horse patrol on the New Road; I was on horseback that evening between eight and nine; I saw the prisoner near the Reservoir about six o'clock with some lead on his shoulders; I met him between the Angel at Islington, and Penton-street; I asked him what he had got; he said he had wood, and that he had found it; I carried the man to the Angel at Islington, and I have kept the lead ever since; in the Saturday morning, when we came to the Rotation, I told the workman if he cut off a piece, where this came from, if it was the same it must match; as such he brought a piece which matches with this piece; it is like indenture; they do not cut it strait.
Did it appear newly cut? - I did not examine it more than I do now, but at the Rotation office I examined it, and it appeared to be lead that had been newly cut; we only opened it at one end to match it to the piece that we had got.
Did you go to the building to match it? - No, the man's name is White; he is here; the piece that White brought to me matched with the lead. When I first saw the man with lead, he might be about two hundred yards from the building; I searched him, and found a knife upon him.
(The knife produced.)


                  JOSEPH
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I am a journeyman carpenter; I work for Mr. Leslie, at Winchester-place; the house is not finished. On the 7th of October I went to work; our tools lay up at the top of the house; and when we came up, we found the rain had beat in, and the roof had been stripped of the lead; there were about eight or nine feet in length missing; one piece lays over the other, not joined; I was out on the roof, on the Friday, and saw it all safe; on the Saturday morning, Cox the patrol came to enquire if any lead had been lost; then we examined the house, and found some missing, and we went down to the Angel, and there was the lead; the patrol shewed me the lead, and to prove it, I cut off a piece from the roof, and found it matched with this lead.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along the road, it rained very hard; I saw something standing against the pails, and I took it up; the watchman saw me come by, but I had nothing in my hands then.
Court. How came you to say it was wood? - I did not know what there was in it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
