






800. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BLACKHALL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GRAY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Abbot
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the afternoon, the said 
                     
                        Elizabeth
                         Abbot
                     



                   being therein, and feloniously stealing therein two pillows, value 10 s. two blankets, value 12 s. and three yards of printed cotton, value 12 s. the property of the said Elizabeth
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   ABBOT
               



             sworn.
I live in little Trinity, Minories


, my sash was drawn a little way down from the top, and a large green blind put in the window, when the alarm was given, I went up stairs and found my bed stripped of the things mentioned in the indictment, I went into the room at eight o'clock, and found every thing right.
Did you observe your house was broke open any how; did you find any door or window broke? - No.


                  GEORGE
                   ROBINSON
               



             sworn.
I was going down the little Minories with one 
               
                  John
                   Tidy
               



            , about the 16th of August, high on nine o'clock, and when we came to turn into Heydon-square there was a cry of thieves different times, I ran and stepped into the middle of the road, I saw two men rushing out, to the best of my knowledge they rushed out of the square near to where she lives, one of them, Gray, had a bundle with a light coloured great coat, I could not perceive Blackhall had any bundle; Tidy attempted to take Gray, he struck Tidy over his nose, and cut open his nose, I pursued him, and the two prisoners ran one after the other, crying stop thief, stop thief, as hard as they could, Blackhall fell in the Kennell, I left him in the kennel and pursued Gray, I never saw him any longer; Gray dropped a bundle when he struck Tidy.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Councel. How far had Gray run? - It might be upwards, not much more than an hundred yards, through a long alley leading into Mansel-street, I never lost sight of him; I was close to him almost, the alley was not dark, but I was afraid.
Did you lose sight of him? - I never lost sight of him till I caught him.
Had he any unlawful weapon of any sort? - I do not know.
Was he searched? - I did not search him, nor I was not present when he was searched.


                  JOHN
                   VINCENT
               



             sworn.
I pursued Blackhall as soon as the alarm was given, I had full sight of him, and pursued him close, and when he just veered round to the left, he fell down, then he kept close to the right, and went round the great square about forty yards further, where I followed him; I did not see any thing with him, I never lost sight of him from the time I began the pursuit.
Mr. Garrow. Had he any bundle? - I never saw any, he was searched, I do not remember anything was found upon him.
Mrs. VINCENT sworn.
On the 16th of August I was going down the little Minories to fetch some beer, and as I came out of my house, I saw two men standing at the bottom of my neighbour's door, opposite to the door, and that young man in the white waistcoat on the ledge over the door; that young man Blackhall was in Mrs. Abbot's room, the day was withdrawn about an hour, a candle had been lighted; if you recollect the time past, it was a beautiful moon-light night, and in the middle of the square, which is a very small square, there is a lamp which gives a great light, the lamp is fixed on a high post, and Mrs. Abbot's house is opposite to the lamp, her house is to the right hand of my house; seeing them, I gave the alarm of thieves, very loud, with that the man at the bottom ran off immediately; Gray, when I called out thieves, looked very violent round at me, I thought he meant to run at me, but he jumped off the ledge which is what shelters the door, Blackhall made what way he could out of the room, he put his right leg out upon this ledge, I saw him get out, my eye never went off the window till he came out; he tumbled out, he had a dark waistcoat, and atop of it he had a nankeen jacket with long sleeves, and no hat on; there was so much light I could plainly distinguish anybody in the square; I have no doubt of their being the very men distinctly.
Mr. Garrow. You gave the alarm as soon as you came out of doors? - I take it from the first of my calling out to the time they were off, it could not be above half a minute.
Did I understand you right, that lamp stands in the middle of the square, opposite to Mrs. Abbot's house? - This lamp stands in the middle of the square, opposite to my door, and her door being on the other side it stands just opposite to it.
Then the lamp was between you and the persons? - No, Sir, the lamp is about a yard further from my house than her house is.
You were a great deal frightened? - Yes, I was indeed.
How long was it before anybody was brought back to you? - I apprehend about five minutes, but seven minutes was the outside, it could not be above eighty yards; I never saw the men before; I could not be so particular to the two men that stood at the door; I did not see perfectly what it was Gray had, but it was something rolled up under his arm.
Was there a light in the room? - It seemed so to me.
What did Gray's bundle contain? - A counterpane, which was all over blood, by knocking a man down.


                  JOHN
                   TIDY
               



             sworn.
I took Gray by the left breast with my left hand, and I said you villain, what have you been about here; and he made a stroke at me, I cannot say with what, he had a bundle under his right arm, he knocked my hat off, it staggered me so much that my senses really went from me, for a minute or two, I took the bundle as he dropped it at my feet; he cut me over the nose, I have been forced to have a doctor since.
(The bundle produced and deposed to.)
Tidy. My Lord, this is the counterpane, and here is my blood upon it you see.
PRISONER GRAY's DEFENCE.
I was going to the leather cutters, and a man laid hold of me, I never saw any thing of the affair before.
PRISONER BLACKHALL's DEFENCE.
As I was coming through the square I was knocked down and taken.
The prisoner Blackhall called eight witnesses who gave him a good character.
The prisoner Gray called eleven witnesses who gave him a good character.


                  THOMAS
                   BLACKHALL
               






               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   GRAY
               



            , GUILTY Of stealing, but not of the burglary.
Transported for seven years.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
