





551. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th day of May
 last, two pair of white cotton stockings, value 2 s. a cambrick neck handkerchief, value 2 s. a muslin ditto, value 1 s. a ditto, value 2 s. two landscapes, value 3 s. two decanters, value 2 s. a carpet, value 6 s. a teapot, value 1 s. two Manchester valences, value 4 s. a pair of sheets, value 8 s. a quilt, value 1 s. a pillow, value 3 s. a set of instruments, value 2 s. and a diaper napkin, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ayres
                  




               
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
(The witnesses examined apart at the request of Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel.)


                  WILLIAM
                   AYRES
               



             sworn.
The prisoner had been with me as a porter
 pretty near three quarters of a year, at the time of his marriage with my servant, it became necessary he should be on another footing; they have been married between four and five months; I have every reason to suppose, that ever since that time they have been robbing me; I lost a damask table cloth and charged him with it; I know nothing but what Mrs. Ayres informed me; in consequence of some suspicions, I got a search warrant, and I was coming with it, and I was stopped by an officer and detained though a bankrupt; Mrs. Ayres searched the apartments; I had several times enquired of the prisoner where he lived, and he equivocated, and never particularly told me; I found out by an acquaintance where it was, and I went with Parrot the officer to his apartment, that was after they had been searched before, and there I found a pair of vallences that I believe to be my property; the search warrant was the 25th of May; I saw a pair of bedside carpets, that appeared to be cut off a roll of carpeting that I had in my warehouse, but I have not seen the roll since.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel. Was it a pattern you kept for sale? - Yes.
You now are a bankrupt? - Yes.
How long is it since the commission issued? - The 2d of last month I think.
Your time for passing your last examination is not expired? - I surrendered the first day of meeting; I have not undergone any examination.
Was it a friendly commission? - No, I do not suppose it is, at least I hope it will be friendly to me; I have been very much ill used by the world, in consequence of a partnership I had; my partner having left me, my attorney told me that nothing but a commission of bankruptcy would clear me; and ever since that I have been endeavouring to bring this partner forward; it has cost me a great deal of money in law; I suppose I broke for about a thousand pounds.
You kept an auctioneer's and upholsterer's shop in Holborn? - I did.
May be the bankruptcy came upon you by surprise? - I was out of the way; I was confined.
Did you happen to be at home on Sunday the 23d of April? - I do not recollect.
Do you recollect about that time giving the prisoner any orders to draw any cyder for any body? - No; I will tell you the whole of that.
Did you on that Sunday 23d of April cause the prisoner to draw any large quantity of cyder? - No, I did not.
Did you tell him to carry a quantity of cyder to Mr. Wordsworth? - I told him to bring it to me; the cyder was very flat; it was seventy-two gallons; it was sent to Mrs. Ayres.
Did you give this man directions to take sixteen gallons to Mr. Wordsworth on Sunday morning? - No.
Did Mrs. Ayres desire him in your presence? - I do not recollect; but I drink it now every day; there were no orders.
Did he bring you any champaign? - Not that I know of; the prisoner continued in my service till my bankruptcy.
From the time of the prisoner's marriage, you began to suspect him? - Upon my word, and my oath, the reason why I did not take him up, was because of my respect to him.
For what purpose, and under what pretence, did you order the carpets to be sent to Mrs. Wordsworth's? - To cover a debt of Mrs. Parr's, my mother-in-law; she is a poor woman.
When were these removed? - Much about that time; the order was not given at the time that the order for the cyder was given.
Was it before or after? - I do not know, I cannot say, I will not say; I can say it was not at the time.
What might be the amount of Mrs. Parr's debt? - Twenty-one pounds.
What became of the carpets after they were taken to Mr. Wordsworth's? - Mrs. Parr had them; they were under twenty pounds; there was some carpets and ticking; I understood afterwards that it was not right, and they were returned.
What was it you understood, that it was wrong to pay your mother in this way? - It was before the first meeting, I mentioned it to the assignees, and they were very sorry it should appear that I had endeavoured to cover one more than another, as I had a partiality for her.
Who told you this was a wrong thing? - I cannot tell; I did not think it of any consequence to keep in my head; I cannot tell who told me so.
Did you pay any body else in this way? - I do not recollect.
Will you swear you did not to any body? - I beg your pardon; my Lord, I think this interferes with my last examination.
Court. I have been very attentively watching his questions, with a view to stop him the moment any thing tended to criminate you; the removal of your effects before bankruptcy, and giving a preference to creditors, though an improper one, is not such as will hurt you, provided you make a full disclosure on your future examination.
Prosecutor. My Lord, I stand here without accounts; Mr. Garrow comes to question me about circumstances; I can go no farther than my recollection; but upon my word and honour, every thing that comes to my recollection, I will bring forward.
Court. Mr. Ayres, if you are unintentionally incorrect, from not having your accounts and papers with you, that cannot be imputed to you.
Mr. Garrow. You cannot fail to recollect to whom you have delivered goods; now, tell me to what other creditors you have delivered goods about that time? - None, as I recollect.
Can you venture to swear, upon your recollection, that you have not delivered any goods whatever to any person? - I will swear that I do not recollect.
Will you swear positively that you have not done it? - I will swear that; but goods sent to my warehouse on commission, I have a right to sent back.
That has been since the commission? - I think it was; an attorney, I forget his name now, in Bartlett's Buildings, sent me some pictures, upon commission; these pictures I was to sell for him on commission, and those not sold, returned; I believe I returned them somewhere about that time, which I am sure I had a right to do; it was before I surrendered myself to the commission; it was while I was at the officer's house, that I gave the orders about the cyder; it was before the docket was struck; the prisoner continued in my service till the commission issued.
What wages were due to him? - Twenty-eight shillings; he claimed four pounds.
Where did he apply to you for it? - In Ivy-lane, at Mr. Wordsworth's.
Did his wife apply to you too? - Yes; it was before the search-warrant; his wife came and behaved impertinently to Mrs. Ayres, and I came and gently put her out of the room.
What sort of impertinence was it? - She said enough to hurt the feelings of any woman in that situation; and told Mrs. Ayres that now she was but a little better than herself; I could not bear it; I did not mind it to me.
Was this before the sale of your goods? - Yes, I think it was.
And before the search-warrant? - Yes.
And three months after your suspicions? - Yes.
I believe the prisoner had the impudence to come himself after his wages? - He did, and he was not a little saucy; he said he must have his wages.
Upon your oath, did not the prisoner threaten at that time that he would disclose your concealments? - No, I do not recollect he did; he did not, I swear positively; when I spoke to him, and told him he must go to the commissioners, he said no more, but went out of the door.
Upon your oath, before the search warrant was obtained, did not the prisoner threaten you that he would disclose your removal of the property in the way you have stated? - He never said any thing of the kind to me upon any occasion.
Did he to Mrs. Ayres? - I do not recollect; I heard something of it.
Did not your wife tell you of it? - Upon my oath, I do not recollect it; I have heard it, that is sufficient.
No, it is not sufficient; upon your oath, did not your wife tell you of it? - I do not recollect she did; I will not swear she did not; there was a deal of conversation.
What do you believe? - I do not believe any thing about it.
But I will make you say something about your belief? - It is very probable she might.
Did not she, upon your oath? - I will not say, upon my oath, because I cannot.
You shall say whether you believe she did? - I do not know.
What do you believe? - I believe she did.
What do you believe she said to you about it? - I do not recollect.
Where do you believe it was that she told you? - I do not recollect any thing about it.
Did not Mrs. Ayres tell you that a man threatened to charge you with concealing your effects? - I believe she did.
How long before the search warrant was applied for? - Upon my word, I do not know.
Was it a week, or two or three days? - Oh, it was more than that, it was a fortnight; the prisoner came to me some time before the bankruptcy, not a fortnight; he said he wanted his wages; I told him he should be paid; he immediately said to me, very well, I am satisfied, and went away; then he came down a day or two after the bankruptcy, and said he wanted his wages; I told him it was entirely out of my power; then his wife came down, and behaved so ill to Mrs. Ayres, I could not bear it.
Was it at that time that the wife had threatened you with discovering the concealing of your effects? - It might be the same day.
Do you believe it was? - I cannot keep it in my head.
Do you believe it was not? - I do not believe any thing about it.
Oh, but you must believe one way or the other? - I do not believe it was the same day, and I have no reason to believe the contrary; I do not recollect when it was.
Was Mrs. Parr present when your wife told you that? - I do not remember.
Within the last two months, what other persons had you delivered your goods to, either as returning them as belonging to them, or as paying off a debt, or any other way? - To no one; I do not recollect any thing of the kind; I am pretty sure, I think I can swear.
Mrs. AYRES sworn.
(Mr. Garrow desired Mr. Ayres to remove out of the view of his wife during her examination; he went out of Court.)
The prisoner was a servant of our's; I never had any suspicion of him, till I saw a neckcloth of mine about his neck; it was one of my habit neckcloths; it was a week or a fortnight before I discharged his wife, and that was about the 1st of March; I think that was about the 10th; the next day, he came in a silk handkerchief, which increased my suspicion; I said, Harry, I should be glad you would ask Ann whether she has mislaid any neckcloth; he took no notice of it; I never learned where he lived from himself, but I enquired, and found it out; and when the search warrant was taken out, I went with the officers, and it was in Angel-street, St. Martin's le Grand, in a two pair of stairs fore room.
Mr. Garrow. Is it the same street that Mrs. Wordsworth lives in? - It is; I found two China plates, and a Chinabowl; I said, there is some part of my property; he fell down on his knees two or three times, and said, Mrs. Ayres, for God's sake, do not hurt me, I will deliver you up all your property, but do not take me to prison.
Court. Was the officer present when he said so? - He was, and likewise the porter who fetched the things, his name is 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hopkins
               



            ; that part of the property that is found, I know to be mine; there is a mark on one neck handkerchief; I know it perfectly well; and the stockings are marked W. A. Here is the fellow to the handkerchief, they are remarkably fine, I do not think there is such another handkerchief; I did not mark it myself; these other things are all fresh marked with the prisoner's mark; says I, Harry, this is the very handkerchief I have been in search after; says he, Madam, I do not know how I came by it, I believe it is your's.
(The things deposed to.)
Mr. Garrow. What did he say? - I asked him how he came by that bowl; says he, Madam, I took it; he fell on his knees, and said, I will pray for you as long as I live, if you will not send me to gaol; I said nothing to him, before he fell on his knees.
How long did the wife of the prisoner continue in your service, after he ceased to be in the house? - I cannot say how long.
Was it a considerable time? - He was our servant to the very last; but I really do not know; I cannot give you a full answer, I believe it may be about two or three months; I suspected him from the time he would not tell me where he lived; I had communicated my suspicions to most of my friends, and I mentioned about the handkerchief to every body that knew me.
Do you recollect, after your husband became a bankrupt, any application being made by the prisoner and his wife for the wages that were due to them? - Yes.
How long was that before the search warrant? - Why, Mr. Garrow, I cannot say; I believe it was about a fortnight before the search warrant.
The man came first, and then the wife? - Yes.
His wife behaved very rudely to you? - She did.
She was turned out of the room, I believe? - She was.
What did they threaten to charge your husband with? - I never heard them say any thing of the sort.
At no time? - At no time.
Court. Recollect yourself, and do not be hasty in answering the question, nor be entrapped by it.
Mr. Garrow. I am sure, my Lord, I do not wish she should; my question to you, Mrs. Ayres, is, whether at any time they made threats of charging your husband with discovering any concealment of his effects? - I never heard it from either of them.
Did you ever hear of it, till now that I mention it to you? - No, Sir; I never heard of it till the day before yesterday; I never heard of it before the search warrant.
Then, of course, you are sure you never told Mr. Ayres that they had made such a threat? - I do not think I ever did say so.
Can you be sure that you never did? - I cannot be sure that I did not say it since, but not prior to it; I was under no fear of any thing of the sort.
Had you ever, before the day before yesterday, or before last Thursday, told your husband that you had heard that they had made such a threat? - No, Sir.
Are you quite sure of it? - I believe I may say I am quite sure of it; I am, till within this week.
Did you ever hear any body else tell your husband that such a threat was made? - No, Sir, I never did.
So, after waiting March, April, and May, at last, in the latter end of May, a search-warrant was applied for? - After I missed this handkerchief, I asked Harry where he lived, and he refused to tell me; says I, in case you are wanted, it is very odd you do not give me a direction where you are to be sent for; I asked one Waiter that lives at No. 45, and he did not know, and I asked another person, and he did not know; I made several enquiries, and I was told that Nanny had been seen go in at the green stall; I enquired there about a month ago; I said, Harry, I desire I may know where you live; says he, I live up in the Upper Turnstile, Holborn.
Did you apply for a search warrant as soon as you knew where he lived? - I certainly did.
How did you find out where he lived? - It was by mere chance that a gentleman saw him go in with a box; had I been to have acted for myself, I should have been after them at any rate; Mr. Ayres would not suffer me to entertain the idea that they were dishonest.
Did you ever apply to a Magistrate for a search warrant before? - No.
About what time was it that your husband was arrested? - About the middle of April.
He was in custody about a week, and then discharged? - I cannot say whether it was March or April.
How long before the bankruptcy? - Above a month.
Do you recollect being at your house in Holborn, and giving any directions about cyder, and champaign, and carpets, any time about the 23d of April? -
Court. The only defence would be, that these identical things were sent.
Jury. Did you ask the prisoner where he lived, and he denied telling you? - He would not tell me where he lived.
Mr. Garrow. Do you recollect giving any orders for the removal of any of the goods, after your husband had been arrested, and after he had been in the custody of the officer? - No, Sir.
Do you recollect ordering some carpets and some ticking to be carried? - I do not believe I ordered them; there were such things came down to Mr. Wordsworth's; we had an apartment there.
Do you recollect any champain and cyder carried any where? - There was some cyder that was sent me out of the country.
Do you recollect giving such orders? - I desired him to carry about a couple of dozen to Mrs. Wall, as a present.
Was none carried to Mr. Wordsworth in Angel-street? - Yes, there was, but not by my orders.
Without your knowledge? - Yes.
What were your orders? - To take about a dozen and an half, or two dozen of the cyder to Mrs. Wall.
Had he orders to bring down the carpet and the ticking, or did he bring them without orders? - He had orders to bring them down.
What did you say to him when you gave him the orders? - It was, Harry you must take that carpeting down to No. 9, Ivy-lane.
What had passed between you and him about removing things? - I will be upon my oath he never had any general order; he had no orders; he never brought any thing down to me but these things; he never removed any thing to another place by my order, or Mr. Ayres's to my knowledge; I do not recollect giving him the order about the pictures to Bartlett's-buildings.
Mr. Knowlys. When you gave any particular orders to the porter, you thought he was bound to obey them? - As a servant he certainly was.


                  EDWARD
                   PARRAT
               



             sworn.
I went with a search warrant to the place, when I first found the china plates, Mrs. Ayres challenged them to be hers; he fell on his knees held up his hands, and owned them to be hers; the pictures and some other things, he said, he bought himself, some from No. 45, and the bowl, he said, he bought himself; he was for an hour on his knees; he begged of her not prosecute him for the sake of his wife.
Court. Did he say a word that he had an order to bring them there? - Not a word, he was an hour and upwards on his knees.


                  THOMAS
                   HOPKINS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Ayres's brother; I was in the prisoner's house when the things were brought away; I brought them many myself; I heard the prisoner speaking to Mrs. Ayres, and beg her pardon, and he had the things; he down on his knees, two or three times in the room.
Did he say he had any orders to bring them away from her house? - I did not hear him say any thing of that sort, he said, the things were hers.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
What I did, I did by my mistress's orders, and by nobody else, only the carpets, which I took to No. 9, Ivy-lane; what I had in my apartment, and particularly the china bowl, was by my mistress's orders.
Jury. What made you go down on your knees? - Because I was frightened, I never had been before a magistrate, seeing a constable come into my apartment, frightened me beyond description.
How came you to conceal your lodging from your mistress? - I did not conceal it; because when the commission was taken out, I left my number where I lived with Mr. Naylor the attorney, I told him to call on me.
The prisoner called seven witnesses, who gave him a very good character.


                  WILLIAM
                   WIGHTMAN
               



             sworn.
Court. When was you first applied to or consulted by the prisoner? - A little more than three weeks.
When was the search warrant? - The 25th of May; this was before the search warrant, because they came to me again when the warrant was taken out; it must be the beginning of May that he applied to me first, to know how he could recover his was wages; I told him I would mention it to the assignees; he then mentioned his having threatened Mr. Ayres with respect to the concealment of his effects; he said, in plain terms, that he looked upon it to be concealing of his effects from his creditors; I told him I hoped Mr. Ayres, and those people that took them in, were aware of the consequences; it was a capital offence in Mr. Ayres, and in the people that received them, it was a very heavy penalty; that seemed to deter the young man from going any further in a disclosure, excepting that he did mention a place in Ivy-lane; I told him it will not be very material at present, if Mr. Ayres discloses these things at the time of his final examination, it is very well; if not, you will recollect what things you have carried, and we will see into them; upon the second meeting when the assignees were chosen, Mrs. Parr appeared, and proved a debt of twenty pounds, and on that occasion, she told the assignees that she had some goods in her possession.



               GUILTY
            .
Court to Prisoner. You have been convicted of a felony on very clear and satisfactory evidence, and after a very minute and attentive examination, and under circumstances of as great aggravation as I remember to have occurred in any case; your crime is that of a servant robbing his master, and not content with plundering him in a time of distress, robbing him also of his character, and setting up a charge against him that might ultimately have affected his life; under such circumstances, therefore if you had been capitally indicted by your master, who in this case has proceeded mercifully; there appears to have been very little reason to conclude, that his Majesty, (however in general inclined to mercy) would have thought your life one worthy to be spared: the Court therefore think it their duty to pronounce upon you as severe a sentence, as the law enables them to do, which is, that you be




               Transported to Africa for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
