





715. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAYNES
                  , alias 
BARNES




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Ward
                        




                     
                  , on the 10th of September
 last, on the King's highway, and putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, a canvas bag, value 2 d. nine guineas and sixteen shillings, his property
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  THOMAS
                   WARD
               



             sworn.
I live at Wisbeck in Cambridgeshire; I went to see the soldiers exercise on the 10th of September, in the Court-yard, St. James's, to relieve guard; coming back in the narrow passage, coming into St. James's Park


, the prisoner and two or three more, stopped me there, and crouded me up against a wall; they lifted me off my legs; I saw the prisoner very plain among the rest; this is the person; I did not know what they were doing; my son called to me, and said I was stopped; and when I got to him, he asked me if I had lost my watch? I put my hand to my pocket, and said, no, I have lost my money; my pocket was half out, and my money was gone, nine guineas in gold, and near twenty shillings in silver; and there were two small keys in the purse; and a gentleman hearing it, said, that villain in the green coat has got it; that was the prisoner; he had a green coat on; my son and me ran after the prisoner; my son caught hold of him by the collar; there was another man with the prisoner, they both put themselves in a position to fight us; I cannot say whether the other man was in the passage; I called out stop thief! there came plenty of assistance; the other man ran away; and we took the prisoner, and held him; we had him to one of Mr. Bond's men; and he searched him; nothing was found on him belonging to me.
Court. At the time you was jostled in this place, how far was the prisoner from you? - Just by.
Court. None of the men said any thing to you? - No.
Did you see his hand in your pocket? - No, I did not.
Did you feel any body's hand in your pocket? - No, I did not; it is impossible in that croud, so as I was jostled.
Who was that gentleman that said, that villain has done it? - I do not know.
Is he here? - No.
Mr. Chetwood, Prisoner's Counsel. Then there was a great croud? - Yes; they made a great croud.
It was just after the guard had relieved? - Yes.
Many people going away, and many coming in? - Yes.
There were a great many people in the whole? - Yes; there were many people going through, to be sure.
You did not observe that man touch you? - I was as near to him, as I am to my hat.


                  WILLIAM
                   WARD
               



             sworn.
I am a son of the last witness; on this day my father and I was in the Court-yard, St. James's, looking at the soldiers relieving guard; and I saw the prisoner, and two more, looking very earnest at my father; when we came out, they followed us into the passage; they were behind us; and then the prisoner stepped betwixt me and my father, and shoved him up against the wall; parted us; he stood right between us with his hands.
Did he do it with violence? - With a shove; I turned round, and said, father, come along; he made answer that these fellows had stopped him, and would not let him go on; my father was shoved close to the wall; I said, have you lost your watch, father? he said, no; he felt to hispocket, and said he had lost his money; I followed the prisoner immediately; and my father caught him; he made a posture of defence; I had not seen the prisoner do any thing.
Was any body else with the prisoner? - There were two more, but they ran away; one before we caught him by the collar, and the other after.
Did that one that stood behind, put himself in a posture of defence? - I saw two put themselves in a posture of defence.
Mr. Chetwood. Did you take such notice of the prisoner, that you should have followed him, if he had not been pointed out? - Yes; I was not directed to pursue him; I did it, because I saw him look at my father.
Was there a very great croud of people in that passage? - Yes; but not before that shove was.
Have you been told there is forty pound for the taking of this man? - No; I hope not; I hope for nothing of the kind.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROSE
               



             sworn.
Yesterday week, I went to see the soldiers relieve guard; and a woman passed me, and said, what a shame it is to take the old gentleman's watch from him; after I came into the Park, I saw the prisoner and two more young men walking on the paved stones, towards the Park; I saw the prisoner put something into another young man's hand; but what it was, I cannot say; I saw the prisoners in the Court-yard; I did not observe him near Mr. Ward; I never saw the prisoner in the passage at all.
Mr. Chetwood. And when you saw him in the Park, he was walking quietly along? - Yes; very soberly.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had nothing to do, being vacation; I went to see the soldiers; and came out with the rest of the people; I might be pushed against my prosecutor; I cannot say.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
