





409. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     NOWLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Burrell
                        




                     
                  , no person being therein, about the hour of two in the afternoon, on the 6th of June
, and feloniously stealing one silver watch, value 50 s. a chain value 6 d. a metal seal, value 6 d. a brass watch key, value 1 d. a tea chest, value 4 s. one leaden jack weight, value 2 s. two tin cannisters, value 1 s. one pair of scales, value 1 s. and one towel, value 2 d. his property
            .


                  JOHN
                   BURRELL
               



             sworn.
I live in Labour-in-vain-Street, Shadwell


, I was at my work on Friday, the 6th of June, I am an engineer
, at Shadwell water-works, I left my wife and a young child at home.



                  ANN
                   BURRELL
               



             sworn.
I went out at two o'clock and shut my door, and locked it, when I came back which was half after eight, I found my door locked as I left it, and on entering the house, I found the sash had been thrown up, and the things thrown about.
Are you quite sure the sash was shut down when you went out? - Yes, as sure as you are there; the sash will not stay up, it has no pullies, it had fallen again, and a pane was taken out of the side; there was a piece of paper where one of the panes was broke, he broke this paper and took out this pane, and got in himself, I found my tea-chest on a chair, removed from where it stood, and the jack weight was taken off the jack and tied up in a towel, on the floor, there was a silver watch taken off the nail, and put on again, moved from one end of the nail, to the other, the prisoner confessed it was taken off.
When did you see it before? - Only half an hour before, when I went out.
Had you taken such particular notice of it that you can tell on what part of the nail it was? - Yes.
Did you before he confessed it, upon your oath, observe that the watch had been moved? - Yes.
So that you could have sworn that, if he had not confessed? - Yes, the prisoner was in the room, I caught hold of him, and called for assistance, there was a pin that fastened the sash that was taken out, no pane was broke, I had papered it up, and that paper was broke, I got assistance and took the boy into custody, I had seen him before in the lane, I did not know to whom he belonged, when I went in I saw nobody in the room; I went up stairs and found the prisoner.
Do you know his age? - He said he was fourteen.
Was the tea-chest new? - No an old one.
What was the jack weight worth? - I do not know.
Or the towel? - Of no great value.
When you caught the boy did you say any thing to him about being hanged for this, or threaten, or promise him? - No Sir, I did not promise him any thing, I only asked him what he deserved; and he was carried before the justice the same evening.


                  JOSEPH
                   MOFFATT
               



             sworn.
I went to assist, hearing the alarm, she ran up stairs before me, she had hold of the prisoner, and I took him from her hands, then her husband came from his labour.
Jury. How high was the jack weight from the ground? - Close to the ground, it was within the house; when I first took hold of him he offered to strike me, I spoke to him, then he sat down quietly.


                  GEORGE
                   FORRESTER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I took him to the justice, I said nothing to him about confessing: He said before the magistrate, that there was another concerned with him, I heard no threats or promises made in the least, the jack weight is here.
(The things produced.)
Moffat. The jack-weight is thirty-pound, I made it.
Forrester. I know the boy to my sorrow, I believe his mother came to him some time before; he lives towards Ratcliff-cross.
Mrs. Burrell. He said the watch was taken off the nail, that was before the magistrate.
Was it put down in writing? - Yes, he signed his confession.
(The confession produced.)
Forrester. I saw it signed, there was no promises or threats made. (Read)
"
               
                  David
                   Knowland
               



            , says, this afternoon a man who is known by the name of old Bowles, went with him, this confessant, to the house of 
               
                  Ann
                   Burrell
               



            , where he was found, that the said old Bowles broke a window with his hand, and lifted up the sash and put him in, and Bowles followed him, tookthe leaden-weight and wrapped it in the cloth, and took the tea-chest and put it on a chair, and likewise moved the watch hanging on a nail, that hearing the fore door open, he hid himself under the bed, and what became of old Bowles he does not know.




               GUILTY, 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
