





477. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HOLT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 22d of November
 last, feloniously did receive twelve deal boards, of the thickness of two inches, and the length of ten feet each, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Waring
                        




                     
                  ; whereof 
                     
                        Richard
                         Gardener
                     



                   was at the last assizes for Surry, tried and convicted of stealing, knowing them to be stolen
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)
(Mr. Silvester, and Mr. Fielding, Council for the Prisoner.)


                  SAMUEL
                   WELCH
               



             sworn.
This is a copy of the record of the conviction of 
               
                  Richard
                   Gardner
               



            , I examined it with the record, it is a correct copy.
(Read and examined by Mr. Silvester and Mr. Fielding.)
Mr. Fielding. Your Lordship will order the accomplice to be sent out of Court.


                  JOSEPH
                   WARING
               



             sworn.
I am a timber merchant, I lost some deals, there are marks on the edges to distinguish the Dram deals from other deals; Dram is a port in Norway; in consequence of an information from Marlow, I went to Chelsea, about the middle of December, they were lost about the latter end of October, I missed them before I went to the prisoner's, and I found such deals that I had not the least doubt they were my property; they were in a shed that the prisoner's wife told me belonged to the prisoner, I applied to the prisoner's house for such deals.
Court. How many deals did you find? - I did not count them, but there were I suppose ten or a dozen, that was about the number I lost; I am sure there was not more than what I lost, they were two inch yellow deals, called Dram deals; I think they are the same deals from the freshness of the deals in the first place, I am confident they have not been piled; deals that have been piled across each others, contract a mark, they had the Dram mark on the edge, and they were yellow deals, which is another particular circumstance, and not only yellow deals, but of that quality of yellow deals which is very remarkable; there are what we term best deals and last deals, these appear to me to be last deals.
Court. What is the specified difference between best and last? - The best has more of the heart of the wood, the last are more discoloured with the sap; I knew I had lost some deals, from a circumstance that we always make our observations upon, when a barge has lain at a wharf two or three days, the deals get a different complection, the top deals have a very different complection from those that immediately follow them, and the morning following the night the deals were taken out, there was the appearance of quite a difference in the barge, which shewed there must have been deals upon them the day preceding.
Mr. Garrow. Were those that were missing, taken up from the whole face of the barge, or taken from the top? - Taken from the whole face.
What was the value of those deals you found at the prisoner's? - I suppose a guinea.
How much apiece? - I value them at eighteen pence each.
Court. Are you the importer? - No, we buy of an agent, there are agents employed to sell to the yard keepers.
What was the prisoner, a carpenter? - No, he cuts up the wood, and these were too good for that; the prisoner keeps a coal shed, and sells fire wood, and keeps a chandler's shop, he is an entire stranger to me, I never saw him till he appeared at Justice Hyde's.
To a carpenter at his shop, laid into him, what would the worth of these deals be? - At least a guinea, towards two shillings apiece.
Mr. Silvester. You are not the importer then of these deals? - I am not, they are imported from Dram.
What quantity of deals are imported from Dram, you do not know? - That is impossible to say, without we were to look at the entries at the Custom-house.
Therefore it is impossible for you to say what quantities come into this kingdom? - Yes.
Most of your deals, I believe, do come from Norway? - Yes.
They are not all assigned to you? - O dear! no.
Upon these deals there was no mark of yours? - No, only the mark of Dram, I cannot tell what quantity of those deals were on the river at that time, those that I lost were on board a barge, I had the care of them, the ship's crew loaded them.
When did you see the barge with deals upon it first? - Several times, it lay several days, I cannot tell when I first saw it, I remember the circumstance of losing the deals.
Are those the deals that Gardner was convicted of stealing? - Yes.
Mr. Silvester. Have you them here? - No.
Nor an end of one? - No; what I saw, I left there, I did not attempt to remove them.
Court. Did Gardener plead guilty? - No.
Mr. Silvester. None were produced at Kingston? - No.
There was a confession of Gardner's? - Yes.


                  EDWARD
                   MARLOW
               



             sworn.
Mr. Silvester. Have you not been tried before? - No, I know Gardner, and I know the prisoner, I believe it was about the first of last November, here were four of us, 
               
                  William
                   Ellington
               



            , 
               
                  Richard
                   Gardner
               



            , 
               
                  William
                   Brown
               



            , and myself, we rowed away with one of the waterman's boats from the Ferry at Chelsea about eleven at night, we rowed down to Mr. Waring's wharf, at Lambeth Marsh, I know it is his, because I have been there since, in company with Mr. Waring, we saw a barge loaded with deals, we went there and handed out eleven deals, we lifted them up to the boat, and rowed away to Mr. Holt's yard; we left them in the yard till next morning, and the next morning I saw the prisoner about seven in the morning in the shed, I asked him if he would have such a thing as some deals, he said, yes, he wanted some, so he asked me what they were apiece, says I, you know as well as I do, says he, here are several that I had for nine pence apiece, so then says I, I must have the same I suppose, so I went up with him to his house, and he looked out nine shillings, six shillings in silver, and three shillings in halfpence, and gave me them for the deals; sometime after this I told this story to Mr. Collinson, and he carried me to Mr. Waring, I went to Mr. Holt's afterwards, and saw some of the same deals that I carried from the wharf there, I am sure they were the same.
Did any other conversation pass between you and the prisoner about deals? - No, Sir, I had no other conversation with him.
Mr. Fielding. These deals were left in the prisoner's yard first, without his knowing any thing about the matter? - Yes.
Then he asked you what these deals were worth? - He used to have them very often.
Did not you live with Mr. Holt? - No.
Did not you work with him? - A little.
How long? - I believe a week at times.
How came you to part with him? - Because he had no more work for me to do.
Did not he discharge you, having objections to something you had done? - No.
Was not he obliged to take you up with a warrant, and carry you before a Magistrate? - That was afterwards.
How did that affair end? - I served a warrant upon this gentleman here, Mr. Holt, and he served one on me, and so we settled the matter.
Who is this Mr. Collinson you have mentioned? - A gentleman that lives at Chelsea.
How came you to apply to Mr. Collinson? - Because that there day, as Mr. Holt and I had a few words, it was mentioned concerning these deals; Collinson was at the sign of the flask, he is a master tradesman at Chelsea, a vinegar merchant I believe.
How came you to apply to Mr. Waring? - I went with Mr. Collinson, because I was afraid that there would be some noise about the deals; I had left off thieving with them.
How many thefts have you been concerned in with them? - I do not know rightly.
You never was tried? - No.
You gave evidence did not you? - Yes.
What is Collinson to give you? - Nothing.
Has not he promised you something? - No.
Did Currie offer you anything? - Never.
Had you any conversation with any other gentleman respecting this business? - No.
Did you ever tell Mr. Rose, or Mr. Gardner, or Mr. Faulkner, or Mr. Groves? - No.
Did not you tell them you should never have thought of this, if you had not been urged to it? - I never said so to either of these gentlemen in my life, nor anything leading towards it.
Mr. Garrow. These persons I believe came to you in the gaol? - Yes.
One of them is the brother of that Gardner that was convicted? - Yes.
They were all examined at Kingston were not they? - Yes.
Court to Prisoner. Now Sir, do you leave your defence to your council, or do you desire to speak your self to the Jury.
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my council and your Lordship.
Mr. Silvester objected that the property was not produced.
Court. Property is never necessary to be produced, it is always convenient by way of ascertaining the property, and means of ascertaining it very often is my producing it in open Court; there is no technical rule that requires the production, the question will be, whether the Jury are satisfied, that these deals were Mr. Wing's property; there is no technical necessity for the production of the property.
Mr. Silvester. My Lord, it is incumben upon the prosecutor always to give the best evidence he can.
Court. Certainly, but with respect to property, sometimes it is so dirty it cannot be produced.
Mr. Garrow. It happens every day my Lord, for instance, a horse or a cow, they do not bring them into Court.


                  JOHN
                   CARTER
               



             sworn.
I am a mason, I live at Chelsea, and am a near neighbour to Mr. Holt he keeps a chandler's shop, and is a coal merchant; I have known him four or five years, I never heard any thing against him, he is a house keeper.
Mr. Garrow. Did you know the prisoner, when he had an appointment in the Custom House? - I cannot say I did.
Is he a timber merchant? - I suppose he sells some little trifle to light fires with.


                  THOMAS
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter, and live at Chelsea, about one hundred yards from the prisoner, I have known him four or five years; he has a very good character as far as I have heard.
Mr. Garrow. Perhaps as you are a carpenter, if you have an opportunity you purchase deals of him? - Never in my life.
Does he deal in them? - Not as I heard.
Cannot you put deal planks to a better use, than cutting them up for fire wood? - I do not know, that is according to the quality.
Mr. Silvester. No person in the world can swear to deals? - No.
- RENNEY sworn.
I live in Litchfield-street, St. Ann's, Soho; I have known him upwards of twenty-five years, I can give him the best of characters, I knew him when he lived with the Princess Dowager of Wales, as chairman; he has a pension of forty pounds a year, General Maitland can give him a good character, I always knew him to be an honest man, here is a letter from General Maitland to shew his character.
Court. That cannot be admitted.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
I live at Kensington, I have known him ten years, I have been in company with him several times, his general character has been very good, a very honest man as ever I heard of.


                  RICHARD
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I live in King-street, Holborn, have known him four or five years, he bears a very good character.


                  JOHN
                   BEACH
               



             sworn.
I am a coal merchant, at Chelsea, I have erved him ever since he has dealt in coals; I have known him near five years, I never heard any thing amiss of him, till this affair now before you; he always paid me very well; he is a man of credit, and honor, and of a general good character.


                  RICHARD
                   MURREL
               



             sworn.
I have lived at Chelsea near five years, I have known him that time, an honest industrious man, his general character, to my knowledge, has been generally good.
- MUNDAY sworn.
I have know him about five years, and served him with beer, I never knew any reproach in his character, except a few disputes.


                  WILLIAM
                   SMEYD
               



             sworn.
I live at Chelsea, I am of no business, I have known him five years, or rather more, I never heard but he was an honest fair dealing man.
CAPTAIN READ sworn.
I have known him between four and five years, I knew nothing amiss of him; I am overseer of the poor this last year, and we employed him to serve the work-house, he served us very well.
Court to Prisoner. You have a very good character, a great number of people appear for you, do you give the Jury no satisfaction how you came by these deals?
Prisoner. My Lord, I have none to offer now, I know it is a spiteful prosecution, by Collinson, Currie, and another, they have sought out this wicked fellow that lives by thieving.
Court to Prosecutor. Whereabouts was it you found these deals, in Holt's shed? - I went to his house, and found his wife; his premises consist of a small house, this shed is detached from the house, it is the same side of the way, to the best of my recollection; there are other houses, but the key I had delivered me by the woman, who stiles herself his wife, and there we found these deals, and others more valuable, and coals.
Court. Is there any body here knows it to be Mr. Holt's shed? - It was Mr. Holt's shed, he built it.




               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
He was humbly recommended to mercy by the Jury and prosecutor, on account of his general good character, and being a very old man.
Court. What is his age? - Sixty-five, I lived twenty-seven years with her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
