





255. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     REED
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of February
, two shirts, value 4 s. two shifts, value 3 s. four pair of stockings, value 4 s. one bed-gown, value 2 s. two table-cloths, value 5 s. a pocket handkerchief, value 6 d. and a night cap, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Segary
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   SEGARY
               



             sworn.
On the 20th of February (Friday) I lost the things in the indictment; I live at No. 1, in Howland-street


; I rent the front kitchen there; I was going out, about half after nine in the morning, and I met her in the back kitchen, which I have the use of for washing; and she asked me, if I did not know the name of one Brown, I said no, I did not; I perceived she had something; I did not suspect her till I went into my room, and missed the things; I was very much alarmed indeed, and very much frightened.
Court. Mention the things you lost? - There are two shirts, two shifts, four pair of stockings, one bed-gown, two tablecloths, one pocket handkerchief, and one night-cap; I am a widow, with three children; these things were entrusted to me to wash; when I found the things were taken, I immediately went into the street, and met Mr. Canby, who is a witness here; he took her, and brought her back; I had told him what I had lost.


                  THOMAS
                   CANBY
               



             sworn.
I live near the last witness; on Friday the 20th of February, I was going up Howland-street. I met the last witness; she was crying, and appeared in great agitation; she told me she had lost the things in the indictment, and described the person of the prisoner; I pursued her, and had information from a publick-house boy, which way she went; I pursued her down Charlotte-street, and she was running; when she perceived I had got ground of her, she stopt and began crying; I asked her what could induce her to rob such a poor woman; shecried, Oh, Sir! Oh, Sir! I then wanted to take the things out of her lap, which she refused; I took her by the arm, and led her to Mrs. Segary's; I then took some of the things out of her lap and shewed to Mrs. Segary, and she said it was her property; and she told me, that the prisoner was the person that she saw in the kitchen before, she said so in the hearing of the prisoner; the constable took her to the watch-house, and searched her pockets, and there he found two nails, which appeared very bright, one turned up like a pick-lock, it appeared very much used.


                  ROBERT
                   HATCH
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I was going along Howland-street just at the time; the things I now produce I found in the prisoner's apron; I have had them ever since, and I found these crooked nails in her pocket.
(The things deposed to by the Prosecutrix.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am not guilty of the fault laid to me.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
