





813. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITFIELD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, one half guinea, value 10 s. 6 d.
             the money of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Clay
                  




               
            .
The witnesses examined apart.


                  THOMAS
                   CLAY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner and another man came into my shop, I am a vintner
, they asked for two glasses of gin and bitters; after they had drank it, the man that was with him asked for change for a guinea; I pulled out of my pocket seven or eight shillings, and half a guinea; I told him I had it not, but the man that was with him said, there is six or seven shillings, that will do, and the half guinea, and I will call again for the remainder; I gave him the six shillings,and the half guinea into his hand, and Whitfield calling him Johnson, said, that will not do, no more it will says the man, and he told me to fill out two more glasses, for there were two more men at the door, he threw down the silver, and ran away with the half guinea; I went to the door, and said, the man was run away with my half guinea; says the prisoner, he is only gone over to get change for a guinea; I followed the prisoner, and called to my next door neighbour, and told him that three fellows had swindled me out of half a guinea; he told me to send for a constable, and take him into custody.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I met the man that I drank with, he was a customer to me when I was a publican; he owed me a triffle of money, four or five shillings; I asked him to pay me, he said if he could get change for a guinea; we went into this gentleman's house, being a wine vault, to drink; and get change for a guinea; the gentleman had not silver enough, and there was a mistake of half a guinea, between the man that drank, and the prosecutor; then I paid for the two glasses, he went out, and sent in another man, I paid for that; in the mean time, the other man went away with the half guinea; I had no connexions at all with the money; I was committed for it, while the other man was gone.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
