





448 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             (a black) was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of May
, a muslin cloak, value 14 s. a muslin apron, value 4 s. four linen frocks, value 20 s. three muslin tippets, value 18 d. and three neck handkerchiefs, value 18 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am the master of Wapping school
; on Wednesday the 28th of May, my wife lost her clothes, I know nothing of the robbery, but I had seen the property about eight o'clock that evening, they were in a basket upon a chair by the fire-side.


                  ELIZABETH
                   CARR
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday the 28th of May, in the evening, I was coming out of the yard, and saw the prisoner upon the steps of the street door, going out; I ran after him, and met Mr. Meakins, I told him, I believed that man had run away with some things from our house; I went back to see if the things were gone, and missed the things in the indictment; Mr. Meakins and I pursued the man.
When you came out again was he still in sight? - Yes, Mr. Meakins overtook him first.
Was he ever out of sight before Mr. Meakins took him? - Yes, he had turned the corner, he had got rid of the things, they were never found, except the trimming of the cloak which he dropped in the passage of the house.
Are you certain he was the person? - Yes, I know him by his walk and his dress.
Was he running? - No, walking very composedly.
How far were you from him when you saw him going down the steps? - About a dozen yards.
You did not see him have the things? - No.
Was he searched? - Yes, but nothing was found.


                  HENRY
                   MEAKINS
               



             sworn.
I am a seaman, I was coming from Gun-Dock, as I came past the prosecutor's door, I saw the prisoner coming out with a handful of linen, and as he was wrapping it up in his arms, he dropped this piece of muslin out of the bundle upon the step, (producing the trimming of the cloak,) he turned towards the water-side, and walked along very gently; I saw the maid come out, and I desired her to come along after him that we might take him; the maid went in again she was so frightened; when she came out again he was twelve or fourteen yards off; I kept my eye upon him till he turned the corner; I went after him and took him in the next street.
Did you see whether he had the things when he turned the corner? - No, I could not, because his back was to me, but if he had got rid of them before he turned the corner I must have seen him.
There was nothing found upon the prisoner? - No.
Are you sure he is the man you saw come out of the house? - I am perfectly sure he is the man; when he was beforethe justice he said he would be the death of me.
Did you see his face when he came out of the house? - Yes, and his blue jacket, and white stockings and breeches.
(The piece of muslin deposed to by 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Carr
               



            .)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going along, and this man and woman came up and laid hold of me; a gentleman asked them how they knew it was me; he said the girl told him so, and now he swears he saw me wrap them up.
To Carr. Do you know the value of the things? - No.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 20 s.
            

Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


