





44. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOGAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th day of October
 last, five linen sheets, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Hitchcock
                  




               
            .



                  HENRY
                   HITCHCOCK
               



             sworn.
I keep a public-house
 in East-Smithfield


, and between eight and nine in the evening I was standing in the bar, and I saw the prisoner go out with a bundle under his arm, he had been about our house backwards and forwards for a fortnight, as he went out of doors he turned his face to me, and I saw it was the same man; in the morning at seven he came again, and I stopped him, my wife having missed the sheets off three of the beds after he was gone; he denied it at first, and when he was at the Justice's he owned it; before I took him up I told him, if he would tell me where the sheets were, I would forgive him, he would not do that till he came before the Justice.
Was there any promise after you brought the officer? - Not afterwards.


                  CHARLES
                   BROOME
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 8, Park-street, Borough; the prisoner pawned two sheets with my wife, I was present, he had five and sixpence on them, he said they were his own; presently after a girl came that used to go of errands for him and his wife, the prisoner's wife is a genteel woman that nobody could suspect any thing, she wanted five and sixpence upon the other two, we lent her three shillings upon them.
(Deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
What I have to say, Massa, is, send me to my country, to Bengal, and God bless you.
Court. You should have taken care to have gone there honestly.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
