





11. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ESSEX
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October
 last, eight silk handkerchiefs, value 8 s. four linen ditto, value 2 s. five pair of children's leather shoes, value 5 s. a pair of children's ditto, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Parker
                        




                     
                  , privily in her shop
            .


                  MARY
                   PARKER
               



             sworn.
I am a widow
, and haberdasher
; I lost the things in the indictment, on the 30th of October, which was Friday, between twelve and one; I was in my kitchen, directly under my shop; the stairs go from the shop; I heard a noise in the shop; I called, nobody answered; I looked through the kitchen window, and saw a man come down the steps of the shop, with something in his left hand, like handkerchiefs; I went into the shop, and missed the handkerchiefs from the window; I ran into the street after the man, and saw him either walking very fast, or running; he was in Queen-street, Chelsea; I live in Five-field-row


; I called stop thief; he was pursued; I did not see him, when I came first to the door; he was taken about one hundred and fifty yards from my house, the corner of Clifford's-row; I saw him again there in about a minute and a half; I think it to be the same man, but I did not see him distinctly; he had two pair of children's leather shoes, and an odd shoe in his coat pocket; I verily believe the shoes to be mine; I had the fellow to the odd shoe in my shop; I compared it afterwards; I missed the number of shoes exactly, that were found upon him; I lost five pair, and an odd shoe, eight silk handkerchiefs, and linen, I missed; they were produced to me by some person; I cannot say who; I found the handkerchiefs missing on my return; I know them by the tickets of the price, in my writing; I am sure I had not sold them; I saw all the things in the shop, about five minutes before; the silk were laid folded one on another, on some rolls of flannel; the linen were spread; the shoes were on a shelf.



                  CHARLES
                   HARWOOD
               



             sworn.
I am a broker; I heard the cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner on the opposite side of the way, in Queen-street, where I was, with some handkerchiefs in his hand; they were red and white; some striped; he was running; I immediately ran after him; he turned round Clifford's-row, and turned back, and said he had the things given him; he threw down the handkerchiefs at the corner; and I saw some shoes taken out of his pocket; they were given to Mrs. Parker.


                  JOHN
                   PITTS
               



             sworn.
I am one of his majesty's pensioners, at Chelsea; I took three pair of shoes out from between the legs of the prisoner's breeches: I gave them to Mrs. Parker: Taylor, the constable, has them.


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I produce the property.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Coming from Chelsea, I picked up a bundle going along; I pulled out the shoes, and put some in my pocket, and some between the waistband of my breeches; the handkerchiefs I had in my hand; I heard the cry of stop thief, and thought they were not come honestly by, and I threw them over the rails.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
