





430. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     HAYCOCK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th day of April
, a silver table spoon, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Munday
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   MUNDAY
               



             sworn.
I keep the Turk's-Head coffee-house in the Strand




, I believe I lost this spoon on the 11th of April on Tuesday; I saw the prisoner in the coffee-room, it was I believe between twelve and one; I had information that there was such a person, and that his method was to call for a bason of soup, to take a silver spoon and leave a pewter one; he called for the soup, he eat it, and when I came down stairs the silver spoon was gone, and the pewter one left in its stead; I went and took the pewter spoon out of the bason, and pursued him.


                  JOHN
                   SAYRE
               



             sworn.
I went after the prisoner in less than three minutes, he was got across the way, I followed him, and overtook him near the New Church in the Strand, I brought him back to the coffee-house by the collar, I saw him throw away the spoon just by the New Church, when he saw the people close upon him he dropped it out of his hand, I saw the spoon in his hand before he dropped it; he tried to drop it between the rails at the stone mason's, but it would not go through, that was the spoon that was afterwards brought back.


                  WILLIAM
                   AUSTIN
               



             sworn.
I took the spoon from a little boy who picked it up in the street, I saw the boy pick it up, I put it in my pocket and followed the people that were running after the man; I saw the prisoner running with the spoon in his hand, and he tried to drop it in a gutter.


                  WILLIAM
                   WILTSHIRE
               



             sworn.
I remember serving this prisoner with soup, I gave him a silver spoon.
Look at that spoon, was it a spoon of that pattern? - Yes, I believe this is the spoon, there was a pewter spoon left in the stead.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.
What are you? - I am a mariner.
Mr. Munday. My Lord, he said at the time we took him that he had been a seafaring man, that he had been in the Emperor's service; he is not of the name he goes by, he is related to a very worthy man, a man of fortune.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
