





120. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     LEICESTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of January
, three linen shirts, value 5 s. a muslin handkerchief, value 1 s. three aprons, value 18 d. a pair of ruffles, value 6 d. two shifts, value 18 d. four muslin caps, value 1 s. twelve linen caps, value 2 s. seven linen handkerchiefs, value 4 s. and a piece of linen, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George Alexander 
                     Priestman
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   ALEXANDER PRIESTMAN
               



             sworn.
I live in Brownlow-street, Drury-lane


; I lost the things in the indictment on the 3d of January: my wife and me were at dinner on Thursday, and one of my lodgers came down stairs to go to the door, and seeing a woman come down stairs which she did not know, they asked us if any body had been there; she said the woman came down stairs with a bundle; my wife and little girl pursued after the woman; I overtook her in the passage, and I found my wife with the woman; I asked her if she had got any thing belonging to her; and she said yes, she had found a cap that she was sure was hers; I brought the prisoner to my house, and a Justice was in the street, and came in, and she had this property in her apron, which she dropped at my feet; I saw it found.


                  SARAH
                   PARKES
               



             sworn.
I went down stairs to fetch some water, and at the foot of the stairs I saw a person at the door; I said, cannot you open the door? she said no; I opened the door, and shut it after her; that was the prisoner; and I saw a bundle in her apron when I opened the door for her; she went out with the bundle in her apron; I informed the prosecutor; I did not see what she had in her lap.


                  SARAH
                   PRIESTMAN
               



             sworn.
On the last witness knocking at my door, I ran out after the prisoner; I did not get sight of her till she got into the little court, a little way up the street; I put my hand in the bundle, and took out a cap the first thing; this is the cap; I said this is my property; I knew it by the striped muslin and the edging; the linen was all wet; it was taken out of the washing-pan; I had just come up to dinner; then my husband came up, and we took her back; these things were found upon her in my presence; I know all the things.


                  CHARLES
                   WATKINS
               



             sworn.
I was standing at the door when they brought this prisoner to the door; I went in with her, and I saw her drop the linen.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of it; I was in liquor; I leave myself to the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
