






620. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PHILLIPS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     COWEN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of September
 last, five pieces of linen, value 5 l. 10 s. one piece of printed linen, containing twenty-eight yards, value 3 l. and two pieces of printed cotton, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Arthur 
                     Rock
                  




               
            .


                  ARTHUR
                   ROCK
               



             sworn.
I was in the country when the things were lost.


                  JOHN
                   CHANDLES
               



             sworn.
I am porter to the Cranfield wagon belonging to 
               
                  Arthur
                   Rock
               



             at the Cross Keys; I go with it in and out; I was in the Back Road, Islington


, it was last Thursday fortnight, I always go with it as far as Holloway; I turned back for a truss of hay that was left behind at the inn, and I saw two chaps going after the waggon, I went a little farther, and saw one in the waggon throw out a piece of cloth, and the other man endeavouring to catch it, but they missed, it being heavy, he stooped for it, and I hollowed, and they ran away, we took the man that was in the waggon, and one of the others; he jumped out, and was taken in Islington; I followed them into Islington as fast as I could, and the y were taken.

Did you keep sight of them all the way? - Yes; it was about two in the afternoon, that gentleman in the red waistcoat was one, his name is 
               
                  Charles
                   Cowen
               



            . The other attempted to pick up the piece, it was a piece of linen cloth, we have it here, it has been in the possession of the book-keeper ever since; the justice gave it to the book-keeper.
What became of it when you run after the men? - The waggoner is here; I put it in the waggon myself; I can swear to the piece of cloth, it lay in the road when I came back again; I was gone after the men about ten minutes.
And the piece still lay in the road when you came back? - Yes.
Are you sure of that? - Yes.
Who lifted it? - The waggoner.
You saw him lift it? - Yes.
Was that piece that was given to Murrel at the justices the same piece that lay on the ground? - Yes.
When was it delivered to the book-keeper? - At the day.
Then it was in Murrel's keeping all that time? - Yes.
And he is not here? - No.
Where does he live? - At the Windmill in Saint John-street.
Why did he not come here? - I do not know; I marked it at the justice's with a cross, and the mark was the same when Murrel gave to the book-keeper?


                  JAMES
                   ROCK
               



             sworn.
(Produces the piece of linen which has the mark that Chandler put on it.)
It is marked J. Porter, Wooburn; I have an account of it in my book, I had no account of the contents at the time, I had that since.
(The parcel opened, containing the things mentioned in the indictment.)
PRISONER COWEN's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of the other prisoner; I am a Jew, and I travel with a box; I had been at Barnet, I was very tired, so I got up behind this waggon, and I fell down, and this fell down right on the top of me.
PRISONER PHILLIPS's DEFENCE.
I saw it lay in the road, and I saw this man and a great many more cry, Stop thief! and I run with the rest; I have no witnesses, I did not think I should have been tried tonight.
Court. Did Phillips stoop for this parcel? - Yes.
He was never out of your sight? - Never, Sir.
PHILLIPS 

               GUILTY
            .
COWEN 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
