





453. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRISTOW
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Swafford
                     



                  , on the 21st of March
 last, about the hour of one in the night, and burglariously stealing therein five saws, value 34 s. a carpenter's plow, value 7 s. eight plow irons, value 2 s. two sillesters, value 2 s. two smoothing planes, value 3 s. two hammers, value 8 s. three drawing planes, value 6 s. one jack-plane, value 10 d. a rabbit plane, value 12 d. and a printed book of architecture, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hodgson
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HODGSON
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
, I work for Mr. Swafford at Hammersmith


; on the 21st of March, I left the shop about six o'clock in the evening, my tools were then safe.
How was the shop secured? - The shop is nineteen feet from the ground, it is open in front, there is no door to it, it stands upon a wall in a yard, which is fastened with gates.
Then any body that gets into the yard may get into the shop? - Yes, there is a lower shop in which we keep deals, and there is a step-ladder which goes from the lower shop through a place left open in the cieling into the upper shop; my master's house stands in the yard.
After they are in the yard, they can go into the shop without opening either door or window? - Yes.
When did you miss your tools? - The next morning; my tool-chest was broke open and some of my tools gone, I found a window on that side the shop that looks into the garden open, and a pane of glass broke.
Was it a sash? - No, a casement.
Where did it look into? - Into a Mr. Salter's garden.
Can you say whether that window was shut down when you left the shop? - I am certain of it.
Are you sure the pane of glass was not broke before? - Yes, I am; I saw the impression of a ladder's foot on the ground under the window; I desired the people the garden belonged to, to let me examine it, which they did; I traced a man's foot to a wall eight or nine feet high on the further side of the garden, it is a wall that runs between two gardens, on the other side of that wall I traced the foot again across the garden to another wall next the street, which is about ten feet high on the inside, and about six on the outside, there I found the ladder lying on the ground.
What length is the ladder? - Seventeen feet four inches; on the inside of the wall next the street, there was an impression of a man's foot six inches deep where he had jumped over, it was wet weather and the ground was soft, and that foot I traced to the work shop and back again; I suspected the prisoner, and enquired where he worked, but I could not learn; on the 20th of May, I went to Mr. Childs's, where the prisoner lodged, and there I found part of my property, I found a plane and square at the building where the prisoner was at work at Knightsbridge; I got a constable and took the prisoner into custody, he said he had bought the tools.


                  HUGH
                   CHILDS
               



             sworn.
The prisoner lodged with me five weeks, he came about the middle of April, and brought these tools with him in a bag.

Were all the tools that were found at your house brought there by the prisoner? - Yes, the prosecutor came and had them away.


                  ROBERT
                   ADE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I found the tools in the house of Mr. Child, I afterwards went to Sloane-street, Knightsbridge, where the prisoner was at work, and took him into custody.
(The tools were produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  John
                   Swafford
               



             confirmed the evidence of the prosecutor, as to the situation of the workshop.


                  JOHN
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
The prisoner lodged at my house a night or two, in the spring of the year, but what day or month I cannot say; he was absent one night, and came in the next morning between five and six o'clock with a bag of tools; he said he was very tired, he had been walking all night collecting his tools.


                  SAMUEL
                   COCK
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was at work for me, when he was taken, I happened to be at the building; I know nothing of this business at all.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The tools that are produced in court, I bought in Piccadilly; I had a saw under my arm, a man that looked like a carpenter, asked me if I could tell him of a job, I told him I could not, and he asked me to buy the tools which I did.
For the prisoner.


                  JAMES
                   CASTLE
               



             sworn.
I heard of the prisoner being taken up, and came to town to have a particular account of it, and on the 29th of May, I went to the shop where the prosecutor was at work, he said he did not want to hurt the prisoner, but he could not get him to make it up he was so obstinate; he said he had been for advice to a lawyer, and he asked the lawyer whether the shop and house being on one wall was not both as one, that the lawyer told him it was; he said he was in hopes he should be hanged, and then he should get 40 l. reward, which would pay him for the loss of his tools.
You heard him say so? - Yes.
Upon the oath you have taken? - Yes.
Was any body else in the shop? - Yes, there was another young man at work.
He first said, he did not wish to hurt him? - Yes.
And afterwards that he hoped to convict him, and get the 40 l. reward? - Yes.
Both in the same conversation? - Yes.
Are you sure? - Yes.
To Hodgson. Is this true? - No, this man came to me and wanted me to make it up, I said it was out of my power, that justice must take its course, that was all that passed.
Was any body else present? - Yes, a young man that was at work with me.
Is he here? - No.
Castle. I have known the prisoner twenty years, he always bore a good character.
The prisoner called two other witnesses, who had known him from his infancy, and gave him a very good character.




               GUILTY of stealing the goods, to the value of 39 s. but not guilty of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
