






544. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     JACKSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     KING
                  



               
             stand indicted for 


               stealing on the 9th of August
, ten guineas and half a crown, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Donald 
                           Macdonald
                        




                     
                   privily from his person
            .


                  DONALD
                   MACDONALD
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of August the prisoners robbed me at the Red-Lion, Nightingale-lane


; I believe it was between one and two in the afternoon; I was sleepy, I came up from Chatham and went into that public-house, and the two prisoners were there, and 
               
                  Sarah
                   Mathews
               



             was there, I had something to drink, and was so sleepy I went to bed, and Bet Jackson was along with me; I started up, and the prisoners King had my money and my pocket-book along side of her, they were ordered out of the room, and they came in again when I was asleep; when I waked she had six guineas and an half in her hand, and my pocketbook along side of her on the floor, she was standing close to the bed.
Where had your money been? - In my breeches pocket, I put my breeches under my head as fast as I could; she hid three guineas, she began to loose her stays, and one guinea dropped from her, I had her secured, she gave me six guineas and an half: they put her into the lock-up room, the other was in the room.


                  WILLIAM
                   WHITEWAY
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoners, I found them in Jackson's room, I found no money, I brought them to the public-house, and searched them again. I searched 
               
                  Margaret
                   King
               



            's mouth, I put my fingers into her mouth, and pulled out a guinea.
PRISONER KING.
The prosecutor asked me to lay down with him, and I would not, he started up directly and told me I had taken his money, a young man gave me a guinea to get his coat out of pawn, I have no witnesses.
JACKSON 

               NOT GUILTY
            .


                  KING
               





               GUILTY of the felony, but not GUILTY of stealing from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
