





747. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  , otherwise 
HAYWOOD




             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Caleb 
                           Tisdale
                        




                     
                  , at the hour of twelve in the night, on the 12th of October
 last, and feloniously stealing therein one cloth coat, value 2 s. one frock, value 6 d. one waistcoat, value 5 s. one linen gown, value 5 s. one handkerchief, value 6 d. four linen caps, value 6 d. four linen clouts, value 6 d. two shirts, value 10 s. two muslin neckcloths, value 5 s. one apron, value 1 s. one pair of cotton stockings, value 1 s. a man's hat, value 5 s. and a linen table-cloth, value 2 s. the property of the said Caleb
            .
Prisoner. My Lord, last Wednesday was a fortnight, Mr. Box that was the constable, whose custody I was in, came down to the Poultry Compter, where I was in custody, and asked me if I could any way make up my matters with three of the witnesses, and if I could make up some few pounds, he said I should be acquitted, whether I had done the fact or not, and if I did not, he said the reward would go amongst the prosecutors, and he should not get a farthing, and he treated me with a pot of beer, therefore if you think proper to have the witnesses examined apart, I shall take it a favour.
Court. By all means.


                  CALEB
                   TISDALE
               



             sworn.
I live in Redmaid-lane in the parish of St. George


, my house was broke open on the 12th day of this month, between twelve and four, I went to bed before twelve, my wife was last up; between twelve and four we were alarmed, the window and doors were broke open.
By whom were you alarmed? - By a man that lives next door.
Is he here? - No, he is a hard-working man like myself, we got up directly, and found the windows and doors open, and every article in the indictment was lost.
What things did you miss? - My wife takes in washing, she can speak to the things, they were things that she had to wash, I know nothing of the prisoner at the bar being concerned in the robbery, I never saw him before I was before my Lord Mayor.


                  ELIZABETH
                   TISDALE
               



             sworn.
I am wife to the last witness, I was up the last in the house, I fastened the door and windows myself, I went to bed about a quarter wanting to twelve, a man alarmed us, he called Tisdale two or three times, and asked us if we went to bed and left the doors and windows open, for they were quite open; my husband got up first, and then I saw the doors and windows were wide open, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, the things were advertised the Wednesday following, and I went to No. 36, Petticoat-lane, to Mr. Box's, and there was part of them.


                  WILLIAM
                   BOX
               



             sworn.
Produces part of the things, a white cloth coat, a man's waistcoat, a gown, three child's caps, four clouts, three handkerchiefs.
(The things deposed to.)
Court to Box. Where had you these things from? - I was the officer of the night, they were brought to me into the watch-house, in Whitechapel, opposite the Minories, about half after two on the 12th of October, by Burke, and Croker, and Ellis, three watchmen, they stopped them in the street, they brought the prisoner and the bundle, I asked him what was in the bundle, he said he could not rightly tell.
Had the prisoner the bundle or these men? - The prisoner, he said a woman at eleven on Saturday gave it him to carry them down to Darkhouse-lane, to the Queen's-head, and he was to have a shilling, he said they were going to Gravesend, I opened them, and found some of the things were quite wringing wet, I said I apprehend you did not come honestly by these things, and I took him to the compter, then I took him before the sitting Alman, and he was committed, the people came to my house and owned the things.
Prisoner. I beg to ask Mrs. Tisdale and her husband in what line they are.
Mrs. Tisdale. I have lived two years in the room I am now in, and the landlady will give us a character.
Who are the persons that employ you most? - They are here that own the linen.


                  MATHEW
                   CROKER
               



             sworn.
I am watchman in the ward of Portsoken, in the parish of St. Botolph, Aldgate, between the hours of two and three on the Sunday morning, I saw the prisoner with a bundle under his arm, I asked him what he had in that bundle, he told me he had linen of his own, I having some knowledge of his person, I had a suspicion that the bundle was not his own property, I bid him put it down, and I opened the bundle, and the first thing I took out was a child's frock, this seems to be the same; I then suspected there was a robbery committed, I told him he must go to the watch-house, I took him there with the assistance of my brother watchman, whose name was 
               
                  John
                   Burke
               



            , and there was another watchman who assisted in coming along, one 
               
                  William
                   Ellis
               



            , I carried the bundle from the place where I took him to the watch-house, and gave it to the officers out of my own hand, the officer untied the bundle, his name is 
               
                  William
                   Box
               



            , there was this waistcoat, and this gown and frock, and this cloak, which I can swear to, they were tied up in this blue and white handkerchief, the prisoner was carried to the compter, and before Alderman Kitchen on the Monday, the Alderman ordered us to advertise the property, it was in the Wednesday's paper, and the prosecutor came immediately and owned part of the things, he was taken before my Lord Mayor, he committed him to trial, and bound us over to prosecute.
Prisoner. The same night when I was taken with these things in my hand, there was a woman followed me, who employed me to carry them to the Queen's-head in Darkhouse-lane, and offered to give me a shilling.
Court. Was there a woman following him? - Upon my oath there was not woman before and behind, there was nobody in the street but the watchmen and him.
Court to prosecutor. Was the window-shutter broke open? - There is a wooden bar goes right across them instead of a key; there is a long nail that was shook out.

JOHN BURKE sworn.
Between the hours of two and three the prisoner came by my beat, where I stood, a watchman and another man following him, but I did not see the other man; he had the bundle under his arm.
What was it tied in? - I do not know whether it was an handkerchief or apron; I put my hand on it; my brother watchman said he imagined it was smuggled goods. I ran up into Somerset-street, and hallooed out to my brother watchman to stop; we took him to the watch-house; the bundle was opened by the officer of the night.
Did you see these things taken out? - Yes.
What became of the things after they had been looked at? - Tied up, and in the possession of the officer of the night: I saw them opened; they are the same things that were delivered to Box, then the prisoner was committed: Ellis was there, and assisting.
Did you hear Box ask the prisoner what he had got in the bundle? - Yes.
What did he say? - He could not give any account of what he had; he said that he met with some young woman in Rosemary-lane, that gave him a shilling to carry some things into Dark-house-lane, and that the woman quitted him when the watchmen appeared; but I saw no woman at all.


                  WILLIAM
                   ELLIS
               



             sworn.
I was calling half past one, on Sunday morning, the 12th of October: I saw two watchmen coming, and the prisoner with them: he said some woman had given him some clothes to carry to Dark-house-lane, and promised him a shilling: he said he did not know of any thing particular but a gown: I saw the things taken out, and took a list of them (the list handed up) then he was committed.


                  ROBERT
                   QUICK
               



             sworn.
This woman washed for me, and had some clothes of mine which were stolen that night: she had two shirts, two neck-cloths, and a striped jacket, which are in this bundle now.


                  JANE
                   KING
               



             sworn.
This is my gown.


                  MARY
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I have an apron here.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I live in Blue-anchor-yard. Last Saturday night was fortnight, I met a woman with a bundle; she says, Are not you a waterman? says she, What time or tide will it be high water, to go to Gravesend? She asked me to carry that bundle to Darkhouse-lane, and she would give me a shilling; she said she had to call at Fenchurch-street. I went with the bundle. Some of these watchmen stopped me: they let the woman escape: I saw her put her hand in her pocket, whether to give them any thing or not, I do not know. I said to the officer of the night, I do not know what is in the bundle, the woman has escaped, he said, I must take you to the compter, says I, I am very agreeable to go to the compter, I was brought before my Lord Mayor on the Monday, I said, I hope you will advertise, that the owners of the property may be found, and my innocence found, the next morning Box the constable and three women came to the Compter, and told me, if I could make them up the value of eight or ten pounds I should be cleared, I told them I could not, then says one of them, we shall have the reward.
Court to Box. Is that true? - No, the first day he went very easy.
Did you go with him to the Compter? - I went with Mr. Tisdale, they knew him by living in the neighbourhood.
Court to Box. Who went to the Compter? - Mr. Quick and these three women.
When you was at the Compter, did Box propose to him as he says, that if money was advanced to him, he should be got off.

Box. After he was committed to trial; he beat us and knocked us about, I never heard a man in my life behave so, I had occasion to go to the Compter, and I said, cannot you make your matter up, I never offered him a farthing nor asked any such a thing.
Court to Prisoner. Have you any witnesses? - No, the prosecutor came and told a friend of mine, that my trial would not come on till Friday.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you tell him so? - No, I did not, his own sister came to me and persuaded me to make it up.
Prisoner. Ask Croker whether he did not dine with the prosecutor on Sunday? - Yes, I did go there about one o'clock, the first Sunday after the prisoner was taken up, and the prosecutor did tell me that the prisoner's sister had been there, and she said, she did not mind fifteen or twenty guineas, I said in answer, I hope you do not want to compound felony, I am sure I will not, for how should I look in a Court of Justice to give my evidence; I never saw his sister in my life.
Court to Tisdale. Is that true or not? - Yes.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 5 s. but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice NARES.
