





536. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of October, 1787
, a pair of linen sheets, value 5 s. a counterpane, two silver spoons, and a table-cloth, value 10 s. and a pair of curtains, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Bottomley
                     




                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   BOTTOMLEY
               



             sworn.
I live at Kingsland


, I do not know the prisoner; she came and took a lodging of my wife on Monday the 11th of October, 1787, and being in a poor state of health, she said she would be glad to come into the the lodging that night; she came in the evening of the 11th of October; a little time after I went up stairs to inform her I had fire-arms in the house, and was going to fire it off, and was afraid it might alarm her; on the 13th she went away; on the 14th I broke open the door, and found the things mentioned in the indictment were missing; a cotton counterpane, a pair of sheets, two curtains, a glass salt-cellar, two silver spoons, a napkin, and a table-cloth; I never found any of the things again; I went to Bow-street and gave information; I never heard of her till about six weeks ago.


                  ELEANOR
                   BOTTOMLEY
               



             sworn.
I let my lodgings to the prisoner at the bar the 11th of October, 1787; I am sure she is the woman; I let it at half a guinea a week; she went away on Wednesday the13th of October, she wished me a good morning, I saw nothing with her then; she never returned; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; I saw her several times while in the house to know her well; I am sure she is the same person.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of the robbery, nor the witnesses neither; my witnesses nor counsel are not come yet.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
