





335. 
               
                  
                     DAVID JOSIAH 
                     JONES
                   alias 
                     
DAVID JONES




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th day of April
, ten yards and a half of linen cloth, value 11 s. twenty-nine yards of other cloth, value 29 s. ten yards of other cloth, value 10 s. eleven linen handkerchiefs, value 11 s. four yards of coarse linen cloth, value 1 s. thirty-three yards and an half of other coarse cloth, value 12 s. one yard and an half of velveret, value 4 s. one yard and an half of ditto, value 5 s. one yard and a quarter of cotton, called Domin, value 5 s. six silk and cotton handkerchiefs, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Macbean
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        Gillies 
                        Macbean
                     



                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William
                         Macbean
                     



.
A second Count, for stealing the same, privily in their shop.


                  WILLIAM
                   MACBEAN
               



             sworn.
I am partner with Gillies Macbean; the house is mine, the rent for the warehouse is paid out of the trade to me; the four warehouses are on three distinct floors, the cellar, the ground floor, and the one pair of stairs. I am a linen-draper; the prisoner came to live with me on the 25th of January last, as porter; on the 1st of of February we missed some velveret, not mentioned in the indictment; on the 12th of March we missed two dozen and eight silk handkerchiefs; but on the 7th of April we missed a very large quantity of cotton handkerchiefs; all these things are not mentioned in the indictment: upon missing such a quantity, I had a suspicion that the prisoner 
               
                  David
                   Jones
               



             had taken the goods, in consequence of which I learned where he went to; he had the custom of going out very early on a Sunday morning, I found he went to his brother Edward Roberts, in Fryingpan-alley, Petticoat-lane; in consequence of which I applied for a search warrant from Justice Staples, in Whitechapel, and we went with three constables, and in the house we found a woman, 
               
                  Ann
                   Roberts
               



            ; the first thing we saw was a chest of drawers, in a very small room, we desired her to give us the key of the drawers, and she did, and unlocked them herself; in every one of these drawers, except the two upper drawers, we found some things which I believe are my property; then, after taking these out of the drawers, I believe the husband came in, and the constable staid below stairs with him and the wife, and I and another constable went up stairs; I found nothing except in this room 'till we came down again, and there in a closet under the stairs, within a room, we found there was a parcel of pots and pans, under them was a box, we broke the box open; after we took the box out, we found a direction for 
               
                  David
                   Jones
               



            , which was not fastened on the box, it was laying on the ground with a parcel, on opening the box we found three distinct quantities of goods, handkerchiefs, and a wrapper made up, marked I believe by one of the witnesses 
               
                  Thomas
                   Howse
               



            , who lived with me as porter, the wrapper is thirty-three yards and a quarter; as soon as we had found these, and had examined further in the house and found nothing, we took Roberts and his wife, and a man we found there, to Justice Staples; we found no more in the box, but some handkerchiefs, a piece of wrapper, and some sheeting, and the things that were in the drawers; before the Justice, the prisoner said he knew of no part of the goods, but two yards and a quarter of Demin mentioned in the indictment; (which is cotton for breeches) at Guildhall he said that he found the whole of the goods, and carried them to his sister.


                  THOMAS
                   WARREN
               



             sworn.
I met Mr. Macbean and another gentleman going to Guildhall, and Mr. Macbean said he had been robbed; I went with Justice Staples's people, and we found these things that have been related, in different drawers, we searched the house all over except this closet, I know nothing more, than that the goods were found in the closet.


                  JOHN
                   TANN
               



             sworn.
I had a search warrant, and I went with Mr. Macbean to Roberts's, and there found the goods,


                  JOHN
                   CARPENTER
               



             sworn.
I went also.


                  EDWARD
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
I live in Fryingpan-alley, Petticoat-lane; I know nothing at all about the goods, I do not know how they came at my house, I was out in the morning very early about my business.
Is your wife here? - Yes.
I understand you said there was nothing in the box? - I did not know there was any thing there, the box belonged to one Williams, who had been in the house about half a year last quarter day; the prisoner is my wife's brother.
Did he ever visit at your house? - Yes, our keys are left at a chandler's shop, while we are gone out with our milk, for the lodgers to come in, and he used to come while we was gone out, now we go out about seven, and return about nine.
Court to Prosecutor. Is this agreeable to what the man said before? - His examination is in court.
Roberts. There was a piece of stuff in my drawer with my clothes, and my brother sat by the fire, and I asked who that belonged to, he said it was to make a pair of breeches, my brother-in-law answered, (that was the prisoner) my brother-in-law had some shirts and things in my drawer, he used to make his home at my house, and my wife washed for him; I asked him no more questions, I did not suspect my brother-in-law.


                  ANN
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
The prisoner is my brother, he always came of a Sunday to change his cloaths.
What became of the key of the drawers? - Sometimes I had them; and at times I used to leave them upon the window.
What did you use to keep in these drawers? - I used to keep my cloaths in them, I had the keys of all my drawers when the officers came to search my house.
In these drawers which you had the key of, I understand there were found a parcel of new goods that were claimed by Mr. Macbean; how did these things come into those drawers that you had the key of? - I cannot tell, I never saw any of them come in.
Did you ever find any of them there? - I found one piece on Sunday morning as I was going to put my gown on, and I asked who that belonged to, it was a coarse piece of some kind of linen, I did not take it in my hand, it was in the drawer, but there was never a lock to that drawer; my brother was there, and the lodgers all sitting by the fire, and my brother made answer it was his.
Was that the only thing you ever observed there that was not your own or your lodgers? - It was.
Was there one piece or more than one? - I did not observe but one.
Have you never said there were two? - No, I never said any such thing.
Court. I will read you your examination, which is, that on Sunday morning you observed two pieces of coarse linen, and upon asking the prisoner about them, he said they were his own.
I do not know whether there was one piece or two.
Was it Scotch sheeting? - I do not know Scotch sheeting from other sheeting.
Was it sheeting? - I believe it was.
Are you aware, that by your affecting not to know how these stolen goods came into your house, that you are disgracing yourself, and making yourself to be the thief? - I very often left the keys for my brother.
So you insist upon it here, in the presence of your country, that you do not know how these things came there? - I never saw them come, nor ever knew they were there, nor was never told by any body they were there in my life.
Prosecutor. My Lord, this witness said the three handkerchiefs, she bought them in Crispin-street; she also said at Justice Staples's that she knew of them, and that she would have blown him, but he was her own flesh and blood.
Court to Prosecutor. Pick out those two pieces of sheeting, and the piece for a pair of breeches out of the rest? - These are them.
(Produced and deposed to.)
We have a piece in court, that did once measure forty-one yards, it now measures thirty-eight yards and an half.
Then there is a quarter of a yard missing? - It was measured at Manchester, and the cotton goods frequently run up.
Roberts. This is the piece to the best of my knowledge, except it has been changed, I never saw any of the goods except this piece, if this is the piece, or such a piece as this.
Prosecutor. The piece of sheeting that was found in the box, and the piece that was found in the drawers will appear upon comparing, to be one piece, the mark was cut away.
Court. Where was the demin found? - I found it in the drawer.
In which drawer was it found? - I cannot tell.
Are you a wholesale draper? - Yes.
You do not deal by retail at all. - No.
Then that could not be sold in the regular course of business? - No; I believe this is a part of that piece, I have no doubt in the world; this piece was near to the compting house door, which is on the ground floor in the right hand warehouse, going into the door; it was returned; that was the reason of its being open in the state you see it.
How much of the coarse sheeting did you find? - Thirty-nine yards and an half, in three pieces.
Where was that coarse sheeting found? - Part of it in the drawers, and part of it in the box.
Can you distinguish which was found in the drawer, and which in the box? - This was found in the drawers.
Court to Roberts. Was the coarse linen you asked about, that which the prisoner said was his own, was it that piece or not? - To the best of my knowledge it was, it was something like that.
Court to Macbean. There was no more coarse linen found in the drawers? - No.
What induced you to believe that the piece of coarse linen that came out of the drawers is yours? - Because it has a mark upon it, the figure of 40.
Whose mark is that? - It is marked in Scotland, and we had lost a piece, with the figure of 40, they are not all of the same length.
Is 40 a usual length? - From 36 to 40, or 41, is the usual length.
Then there might be a multitude of pieces with the mark 40 upon them? - Yes.
Is there any thing else that induces you to believe it to be yours? - The quality.
But there is a vast quantity of linen of that quality? - Yes.
Then you can only say this has a mark of 40 as your piece had, and that this is the quality of your piece; can you go any farther as to this sheeting? - No.
Have you any other evidence to prove that the things so found at Roberts's, were brought by the prisoner at the bar? - Only by her confession, she now thinks fit to deny it; this wrapper was in the box which Roberts said was the prisoner's, which was locked, and we broke the lock.
Who had the key of that box? - I do not know, the prisoner when he was taken, was not searched.
Have you the direction you say was found? - Yes.
Produce it.
Court to Roberts. What did you say before the Alderman about the box? - I told him the box was in the house when we went there, that it belonged to one Williams, a lodger that had been.
Who did you say had used it? - I do not know that I did, I could not tell that he had.
Your examination is, that he knows not how it came there, and Jones told you he had used it? - To the best of my knowledge he did not tell me.
Then you venture to deny it? - I tell the truth to the best of my knowledge, I am sure I told the Alderman the truth.
Did Jones tell you he had used the box? - Yes, I believe he did.
When and upon what occasion was it, that Jones told you that he used that box? - I do not know; when they went in, I told them there was nothing but a box there, I could not tell whether it was locked or not, I told them I did not know whether Jones made use of it or not.
Consider first of all you said there was nothing there, because there was a parcel of pans and things that covered the box? - I told them the box was there, and there was nothing but the box.
Had you seen that box before? - Yes.
At the time you first saw it, can you tell whether it had any direction upon it? - Not that I know of.
Look upon that direction? - This direction to the best of my recollection came out of the country upon a hare and turkey.
Was the hare and turkey brought to your house? - Yes.
When was it? - I do not know; Mr. Macbean had the hare, I cannot say when it was.
(The direction handed up to the Court.)
Court. Take that into your hand, and consider a little what you say; look at it again, and tell me whether, upon your oath, that direction came with a hare and turkey? - It did, my Lord.
There are nail holes in it? - It was sewed to the basket.
Mr. Macbean. There was a bit of basket to it, when I found it.
How was it fastened to it? - I rather think it was sewed.
As this was a box that you say you had seen before, and that your brother might say he had used it, how came it to be thrust into that place? - We had no place to put things in, and we used to put kettles and saucepans, and things upon it, we had no room to put it any where else, neither under the bed or the drawers.
Court to Macbean. What were the articles that were in this box? - This wrapper has a mark upon it.
What is that mark? - Thirty-three yards and a quarter; the witness, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Howes
               



            , swore that he made up this wrapper in my house.


                  THOMAS
                   HOWES
               



             sworn.
I made this mark when I lived at Mr. Macbean's as porter; I made it up, and marked it.
They are your figures, are they? - Yes, for Mr. Macbean.
Court to Mr. Macbean. Where did that wrapper use to be? - In the lower room.
Howes. I left Mr. Macbean four months ago.
How long before that, did you make that mark? - I cannot say.
Mr. Macbean. These seven handkerchiefs, we had lost several dozen of the same pattern, but I cannot identify them; and here is the remaining part of the sheeting.
Do these two parts belong to one piece? - I believe they are belonging, the exact quantity measuring thirty-nine yards and a half; there was a mark on the outside which is cut out, which makes up the other half yard; the number is on the outside of the sheeting, folded up like a book.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of them, I never knew they belonged to Mr. Macbean.
The particular marks you are called upon to give an answer to, are the sheeting, and the two yards and a quarter of cotton demin, and the things that were found in the box? - I never put none of them, neither in the drawer or the box, nor did I take them there.
You told your sister that the coarse sheeting was your's? - I was sitting by the fire, and she asked me, what is this put here for; I thought she meant a dirty shirt; and I said it was mine.
What did you say as to the demin; did you say it was for a pair of breeches? - I know nothing of it.
As to the box? - I never used it, I never went out of the house of a Sunday morning before his hair-dresser knocked at the door, and the hair-dresser was angry because I would not get up sooner of a morning; and I never went out on business of my own, without his notice, while I lived with him.
Mr. Garrow. Mr. Roberts, how long has the prisoner been in London? - About four months, he came from Wales.


                  EDWARD
                   JOHN LLOYD
               



             sworn.
I live in Cardiganshire, in Wales; I have been in town but a few days; I came up on purpose to attend here; the prisoner has not left that part of the world above four months; I have known him above thirteen years, he was a mason; he was a sober, upright young man as ever I heard of.
That was his general character? - Yes, all over the country; I have a paper which I saw signed by the persons therein, and if it had not been such short notice, they would have been here themselves.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods, but not privately, nor in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
