





184. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of January
, two hundred pounds weight of lead, value 5 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Tubbs
                        




                     
                  , fixed to a building of his
            , against the stature.
A second court, For stealing two hundredpounds weight of lead, value 5 s. fixed to an empty house.


                  ROBERT
                   TUBBS
               



             sworn.
I have a house at Wilsdon


; I was not in the country at the time; my house was empty, it was my dwelling house; I went down the morning after the lead was stolen; it was a leaden pipe, which came down the side of the house; I have not seen it this three months; I cannot justly say to the time when I saw it; it was fixed to the side of the house; I was before Sir 
               
                  Sampson
                   Wright
               



            , and saw the examinations taken in writing; I never knew the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   KITCHENOR
               



             sworn.
I live at Hodsdon-green, in Wilsdon parish; I am a patrol; I saw the prisoner and two more bringing the lead out of Mr. Tubb's premises, about two on Friday morning; I am sure the prisoner was one; I took him and another, one made his escape; the prisoner had one of the long pipes on his shoulder; we took them coming through the gates from Mr. Tubb's house; we stopped them, and I presented a blunderbuss at the prisoner, and they dropped the lead; and coming along, the other man, 
               
                  Joseph
                   Busby
               



            , tried to make his escape; I fired at him, and shot some balls through his thigh; then we secured them both, and took the prisoner to the public office at Bow-street; the one was committed, that was the prisoner, the other was taken to the Middlesex hospital; I never saw the prisoner before that night to my knowledge; I had seen them before that night at the back part of the house, and I went and called 
               
                  Thomas
                   Sexton
               



            .


                  THOMAS
                   SEXTON
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer; this man Kitchenor came and called me up to his assistance, on Friday morning, as soon as he first saw them; I went with him to Mr. Tubb's house, and we stood under the pales till we saw the men come out with the lead on their shoulders; then we stopped them; he presented his blunderbuss at the prisoner, and they dropped the lead; the prisoner and another had lead on their shoulders; I went to call the man up at the public house.


                  JAMES
                   ADAMS
               



             sworn.
I was with the other witnesses, Kitchenor called me up; I went with him, and I saw three men; the prisoner is one; I never saw any of them before to my knowledge; I saw them come over the pales, and they had a long ladder, which they carried into the rick yard; I saw them throw some lead over, and when they came back from the rick yard, they took up the lead; then Kitchenor presented the blunderbuss to them, and they threw down the lead; I do not know the pipe.
Kitchenor. I am sure I saw the pipe fixed to the house the day before; when I first heard them about twelve that night, they were in the garden; I cannot say the pipes were up then; I could not see them.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I did not pull it down.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
