






413. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 3d of March
 last, fifteen yards of printed callico, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Ashby
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Osborne
                        



                     
                  , privily in their shop
            .


                  THOMAS
                   ASHBY
               



             sworn.
I had a partner, the partnership was dissolved the 24th of March, his name was 
               
                  Joseph
                   Osborne
               



            ; on Saturday the 3d of March I was robbed, I only speak to my property, I found the prisoner in custody.
Who was in the shop with them then? - There was all my people.


                  ANTHONY
                   HARDING
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mess. Ashby and Osborne at Holborn-bridge


, I remember seeing the two prisoners on the 3d of March, they came into the shop together, betweenten and twelve; I think it was after eleven, they asked for some muslins and prints, neither could be agreed for, and they went out; they looked at both and at different prints; I suspected them, and sent 
               
                  Henry
                   Die
               



             to fetch them back.
What excited your suspicion? - They tumbled the things over the counter more than generally is the case, and asked for a number of things from the poles, which induced me to turn round; they were brought back in five minutes; they had not dropped any thing by the way; we found the things when they got into the shop after they came back; when the goods were taken from them they were given to me; I did not see the goods taken from them; he gave the things to me to feel that they were quite warm, and they were quite warm; after the goods were taken the prisoner Johnson pressed me to let her go repeatedly, and said it was the first time she was guilty.
Did the other prisoner say nothing? - No, only begged for the other, not for herself; they bid for the goods as for the prisoner Smith, and she bid me twenty-shillings for the gown as they were going out.
Did you see them take any thing? - No, I did not; but turning short, the principal reason of my suspicion turned upon 
               
                  Catherine
                   Johnson
               



            , she made a great sumbling under her petticoats; I saw that, but I did not see her secret any goods.
Prisoner's counsel. This is a capital offence, I believe you know? - Yes.
Was there any mark on the goods? - Yes; I did not see them searched.


                  HENRY
                   DIE
               



             sworn.
I was out of the shop when the prisoners came in; I came in while they were in the shop; I was in doors about five minutes; then I was sent out; the prisoners went out first; Mr. Harding sent me out to bring the prisoners back; I suspected they would take something, and I looked strictly to them; I observed a bustle, but could not see them take any thing; I looked as strictly as I possibly could; I follow- them; when I stopped the prisoners, they were just above Ely-place, on the other side of the way, about two hundred yards from our house; I went up to the prisoner Johnson, and told her, I was persuaded she had something about her that was not her own property; she immediately told me if I supposed so, she would go back with me; she immediately turned back; I observed her to put her hand into her pocket hole as she went in at the shop door; I desired her to walk into the back shop; she went forward till she went into the middle shop where she had been looking at these goods; she immediately made a stop and said, look here, may be the goods are here; and she attempted to pull some of the goods off the counter, and drop this by them; I desired her to walk forward, and she dropped the goods from her lost side; I took them from the side of her left leg; I saw them drop, and took them from her quite warm; I saw them slip down from the side of her petticoat; they were standing under her petticoat when I took them up.
Do you swear you saw them drop from under her petticoat? - I saw them drop, and took them up immediately as she was endeavouring to get away from me.
Did you or not see them drop from her petticoat? - I saw them drop under her petticoat, and took them up immediately.
Did you see them drop from the lower edge of her petticoat or not? - I saw the end of them below the edge of her petticoat; I saw them drop; I observed they were warm.
Supposing they had not been warm, should you have been certain they had dropped from under her coats? - I took them standing up under her coats.
Whether were they in a package or loose? - They were loose.
Then how could they stand up against her legs? - They were just as they are now, not in a package.
Who else were in the shop besides you and Hardy? - There was another young man in the shop; he is not here.
Why not? - He did not see any thing of it.

That he ought to tell us.
Prisoner's counsel. This young woman was very willing to come back again? - Yes.
You observed a bustle at her petticoat? - Yes.
You could not see them drop through the petticoat? - No.
How came you not to go up to the woman at that time? - It is what we never do; I did not know but what they might have bought something; it did not strike me so go up to the woman.
(The things deposed to by Mr. Ashby.)
This mark has been put on this twelve months or more, it is my own hand writing, No. 2.
PRISONER JOHNSON'S DEFENCE.
When we came home the gentleman said, they might be his things, but he could not swear to them; and that gentleman that stands up now, said hanging was too good for us, and hang us he said he would, if he could; and he took out a pencil, and made a mark.
Prosecutor. I have no doubt in the world of the things.
The prisoner Johnson called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.


                  ANN
                   SMITH
               



            , 
               
                  CATHERINE
                   JOHNSON
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
