






762. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th day of September
 last, one linen handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Parker
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   PARKER
               



             sworn.
I live in St. Paul's church-yard; I am a jeweller
 and goldsmith
; I lost a linen handkerchief on Tuesday the 5th of September, between four and five in the afternoon; I went into Smithfield


 during the time of the fair to see a heifer with two heads, with two ladies; I heard a great noise, and I saw the prisoner in custody of two constables, and a handkerchief; one of the constables is named Forsyth, and the other Boutflower; he held up a handkerchief, which I swear to, being my property; I missed my handkerchief at the same time; it is a linen handkerchief; it had no mark on it; I swear to it by the general use of the handkerchief; it was my father's he is lately dead, and had several of them twelve or fourteen years.
Prisoner. Where was you when the constables had hold of me? - In the fair.
Had not you been in the shew? - No; I saw the handkerchief just before, and put it into an inside pocket.


                  WILLIAM
                   BOUTFLOWER
               



             sworn.
I am a green-grocer and constable; me and my partner Forsyth were sitting in a public house the corner of Hosier-lane, and Forsyth says to me, there is Thompson after that gentleman; he had two ladies with him; I went up to Thompson, and Mr. Parker was handing the ladies up to the shew, and the prisoner was close to him, and picked his pocket; I saw him; I was close to his back; I could look over his shoulder; I saw him put his hand behind the lap of the gentleman's coat, and I suppose he was above a minute before he took the handkerchief out; I clapped hold of him, says I, you dog, I have caught you then I saw him drop it, I picked it up. (Produced and deposed to.) I kept it in my possession ever since; I shewed it directly to Mr. Parker; he said, it was his handkerchief; he felt and missed one.
Jury. Do not you think there are other handkerchiefs of the same mark? - Very probable.


                  WILLIAM
                   FORSYTH
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; on the 5th of September, I was on duty at Bartholomew fair; it was Tuesday; me and Boutflower went into a public house; I saw the prisoner go past, and attempt Mr. Parker's pocket, feeling under his coat; I immediately told my brother officer; he went close to him; I was about four yards behind; I saw him take hold of the prisoner by the collar; and says he, he has picked that gentleman's pocket; and I saw the prisoner drop the handkerchief out of his right hand; I believe this to be the handkerchief; I asked Mr. Parker if he had lost anything; he said he did not imagine he had; he felt for his watch, and then for his handkerchief, and said he had lost his handkerchief.
Prisoner. I was going across Smithfield, and they took me; they attempted to swear away my life last session *, and they said now this will do: if it is not true may God never receive my soul.
* This prisoner was acquitted last session of a highway robbery, by the parties not attending; and this larceny was committed within ten minutes after his discharge from Newgate.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


