






145. 
               
                  
                     CALEB 
                     ONLY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HEMMINGS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th day of January
, one thousand pounds weight of lead, value 4 l. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Croker
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Jeffery
                        



                     
                  , then and there fixed to a certain building of the said Thomas and Francis, against the statute
            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  JOHN
                   BANNER
               



             sworn.
I know the prosecutors, they are brewers

 and partners, there was some lead missing from the premises, I am their plumber.


                  MARGARET
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
I saw 
               
                  Charles
                   Hemmings
               



             with two rolls of lead upon his shoulders, in the space of a quarter of an hour he went close by my door with it, my house is about five or six yards from the place where the lead was stolen from, it was between ten and eleven on Monday se'nnight, I asked a neighbour to go to Sir 
               
                  John
                   Falstaff
               



            's to my husband, I heard the other prisoner Only say, to the man that I sent, Dick, where are you going in such a hurry? and the man said he was not going a long way, I opened the door and the prisoner Hemmings brushed by me and returned in a minute, and went and fetched a second load, the piece that is here I saw torn off from Mr. Croker's premises, the man that threw it off is not here, the two prisoners were both below, and as soon as ever it was thrown down they were gone with the lead, I told my husband to take in the pieces I saw thrown down, and to go and tell Mr. Croker of it, which he did, and my husband and the man came down, and when the prisoner Hemmings returned they seized him.
SAMPSON HARRISON sworn.
My wife sent for me on Monday last after eleven, and when I came home I was rather angry being rather beetified, but I was sensible enough to know what I was about, and I rushed out and said if there were twenty thieves I would have two of them, the two men forced themselves by me, upon my griping them both I missed them both, they were the two prisoners, they were going from Mr. Croker's apartments; the prisoner Only d - ned my eyes, and asked me what it was to me; they got from me, so I went and packed up the piece of lead.
Had they any thing in their custody when you catched at them? - No, it was dropped before in my hearing, but not in my reach, I was near twenty yards from them, I saw the tall prisoner drop from the caves of Mr. Croker's building.
Prisoner Only. My Lord, there are no caves to that building, I was within sight of Mr. Croker's premises at the time that lead dropped.
Where did that lead drop from? - From the top of Mr. Croker's storehouse, it was Only that dropped from the lead, I knew his person when I came to see him again, I knew him by sight before, but I did not know his name.
Was you near enough to see Only drop? - Yes.
Where wa s Hemmings when Only dropped? - He was taken in my sight to the watch-house in Golden-lane, by one of Mr. Croker's servants, one 
               
                  Henry
                   Hinwood
               



            , and left there.


                  HENRY
                   HINWOOD
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Croker, I came to Mr. Harrison's house after the lead was taken in there, I run and I saw somebody before me in dark clothes, and just at the corner of the stair-case 
               
                  Charles
                   Hemmings
                  




             turned and I caught hold of him, this is after Harrison had got the lead, I dragged him into Mrs. Harrison's house and she directly said that was the man that she saw go by twice with the lead, I delivered the lead to the officer.


                  WILLIAM
                   BLAKE
               



             sworn.
I am the officer, I received the lead from the last witness.
Banner. I have examined the lead and marked it, and fitted it to the premises.
Can you, from the observations you made, take upon you with certainty to say, that that lead was a part of the lead that was taken off Mr. Croker's premises? - I can, the lead weighed sixty-five pounds, there is a great deal more taken, it is worth about seven or eight shillings.
Prisoner Only. I have no witnesses here, I have witnesses to prove I was at another place at the time.
Prisoner Hemmings. I can say that I am innocent.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURT.
