







155. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ABBOTT
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHADWICK
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     BARNEY 
                     CLARK
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Walter 
                           Fitzgerald
                        




                     
                  , between the hours of one and two in the afternoon, on the 2d day of January
 instant, he being therein, and others of his family, and feloniously stealing three pair of silk stockings, value 13 s. his property
            .


                  WALTER
                   FITZGERALD
               



             sworn.
I live in Piccadilly


, I had a gentleman in company with me in the parlour, which is about four or five yards off, I saw the prisoner Chadwick standing at the window, it was about half past one, on the 2d day of January; I suspected the boy, and I run out as hard as ever I could; I found the window broke, it had been broke before and mended; I run into the street, and about twenty yards from my door, I catched the three prisoners walking together, quite unconcerned, I hit Chadwick on the side of the head, and brought him into my shop, then I was not long in the shop, when these men here brought in the other boys; the stockings lay in the window that were stolen, and many more besides these three pair; I can swear to Abbott and Chadwick, but I cannot swear to Clark.
DOMINICK ADLAM sworn.
I was passing that way on the 2d of January, and I saw the prosecutor struggling with one of the boys, I took him into the shop, and found this pair of stockings on the prisoner Abbott, these stockings I have had in my possession ever since; the prisoner Clark was in company with the others.
(The stockings deposed to.)
What are they worth? - This pair cost me four shillings.
Adlam. I went out at this time, and I kicked two pair of silk stockings before me, I gave them to the prosecutor, who owned them, I did not see who dropped them, the three prisoners were standing in the door way, they turned round and said what is that, stockings, that you have picked up.


                  HUGH
                   O'DANIEL
               



             sworn.
The 3d of this month I was going up Piccadilly, I saw the three boys walking down, and I saw the prosecutor run after them; I saw the lad in the red jacket take two small parcels, and throw them into a passage, I did not know what they were, it was Chadwick I saw throw down the two parcels, the others were there; I did not examine the parcels, I do not know what they contained, I saw them picked up.
PRISONER ABBOTT's DEFENCE.
Coming along the prosecutor laid hold of this boy and I did not know it.
Cou rt to Abbott. What are you? - A grinder, my father lives in Oxford-road, he is a grinder about the streets.
Court to Chadwick. What are you? - A chimney sweeper.
Court to Clark. Do you give any account of yourself? - No, Sir.


                  THOMAS
                   ABBOTT
               



             WIL. CHADWICK 
               
                  BARNEY
                   CLARK
               



            ,




               GUILTY, 4 s. 6 d.
            







               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
