





131. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STOTT, alias 
JOHN SCOTT




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d day of of December
, two ropes, called head-fasts, value 7 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elijah 
                     Goff
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Burnell
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Whitfield
                  



               
            .


                  MARK
                   BURNELL
               



             sworn.
I was going into my boat between seven and eight on Saturday night; my boat lay off at the road, near Execution-dock


; there was an alarm of two thieves; there was a young man stopped one, and I took the other; the other man shook two head-fasts out of his bag; I took them to Mr. Goff's; I saw the prisoners coming from Mr. Goff's craft; they were ropes used to fasten barges to one another; they have no particular mark.


                  ELIJAH
                   GOFF
               



             sworn.
These head-fasts were brought to me; I cannot swear to them; there were two missing.


                  JAMES
                   ADAMS
               



             sworn.
I saw these two ropes; I know them; one particularly by its being the fag end of a whole coil; it belonged to the barge Peter which had lost her head-fast; the other belonged to the Sophia, and she had lost her head-fast.
Court to Burnell. How far was the lad off Mr. Goff's craft when you stopped him? - About a hundred yards.
(One of them deposed to by Adams.)
Jury. What weight do you suppose them to be? - Half a hundred.
Prisoner. They were laying tied up together.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
