






237. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     GRAY 
                     BLANDFORD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th day of January
 last, one half pound weight of stone blue, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Dyson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Boyfield
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Messrs. Dyson and Boyfield, grocers

, on Ludgate-hill. I made out the bill of parcels which was taken from the prisoner Jones, and about half after seven at night, I tucked it under the string of the parcel which the porter took, which was a paper of stone blue; it was twisted underneath; it was impossible for it to tumble out, it must be taken out by somebody.
- DENNER sworn.
I am a porter to Mr. Dyson. I left the shop about ten minutes before seven; I took some things packed in a basket on my head, and half a pound of stone blue in my pocket: as I was going up Fleet-street


, I missed it; I saw nothing of the prisoners, I do not recollect them at all; there was a bill of parcels tucked under the string; this is the bill of parcels, I'll swear to it; I never saw the prisoners till I saw them at Guildhall.


                  WILLIAM
                   MARCH
               



             sworn.
I am constable; I only received this from the patrol, Mr. Woollet, which is some blue, the outside paper is worn out, it is a whitish brown paper, coarse paper; I have kept it ever since.


                  JOHN
                   BUTLER
               



             sworn.
I am patrol of the parish of St. Dunstan in the West, on the 12th of February, we met the two prisoners the corner of Chancery-lane, my partner stopped Jones, and the other run across the way in Fleet-street, I ran after him, and opposite St. Dunstan's church, I laid hold of him; I particularly asked him what he had, and he said nothing, I said to him, then why did you run away? he made no answer; I took him to the watch-house with Woollett who assisted me, there he was searched, and this blue found, and I asked him how he came by it, and he said he bought it in Cheapside, and gave a shilling for it; I saw Jones searched, and there was a bill of parcels taken from him, he said he picked it up; the prisoners were coming together in conversation, I knew them, they were both walking the same way.


                  RICHARD
                   WOOLLETT
               



             sworn.
At about a quarter after seven this night, Butler laid hold of Blandford, and I saw him run, and Butler after him; I saw Blandford put his hand in his pocket, I laid hold of his hand, and perceived he was pulling a paper out of his pocket, which I prevented, and just as I was going into the door, I pulled it out myself; Butler was close to me at the time; I asked him what it was, he said it was some blue, he had bought for his mother, I do not recollect he said where; when he came in Denner had brought Jones in, and we examined him, and found a bill of parcels which is now in Court, that was given to Mr. March.
Did either of them say any thing when they were examined? - Jones said, he picked the bill of parcels up in the street; and we told him it was not likely that he should pick it up in the street, because it was a very wet night; there was not the least soil on the paper.
PRISONER JONES'S DEFENCE.
I found this bill on a cellar window in Fleet-street.
PRISONER BLANDFORD'S DEFENCE.
I am out of work at present, I live with my mother; she is out a nursing a young woman in Wine-office-court, Fleet-street, and she washes for several of us; she has six of us to maintain, and she told me sometime in the day to get her some blue, and she gave me a shilling; I bought it at a grocer's facing Woodstreet, Cheapside; I do not know his name.
March. There is a tea-dealer facing Wood-street, I am sure he does not sell stone blue; I called there, and they said, they did not sell blue.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each t



               ransported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
