





520. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     M'GINNIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d day of May
, one metal watch in a shagreen case, value 40 s. a steel chain, value 6 d. a seal, value 2 d. a key, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Barrow
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BARROW
               



             sworn.
On Thursday the 3d of this month, I lost my watch, between two and three in the afternoon, in Barbican


; I was just come from the yard at Langhorn's, where the balloon was, I got into a croud, and was hurried along, and a person said, a boy
 has got your watch, and he is here; I looked round; says he, that is the boy; he dropped the watch, and I took it off the ground myself; he secured the boy, he said the boy had the watch in his hand; I looked, and the boy dropped the watch at his feet; the prisoner was then close beside me, I thought I saw the watch in his hand.
Are you sure you did? - I did, and he dropped it immediately.
Could you be sure it dropped from the prisoner's hand? - Yes, he was close behind me, I saw the watch drop, and I was affraid it would be broke; I got it again, I took it up myself.
Did you feel him take it? - No, it is my watch.
(The watch produced by 
               
                  John
                   Fletcher
               



             the Constable.)
It has been in my possession ever since; he was taken into custody, he denied knowing any thing of it.
Are you quite sure it was his hand you saw it drop from? - I am very clear in it.


                  ROBERT
                   LEE
               



             sworn.
I was in Barbican on this day, I saw the prosecutor in a great mob, and I looked amongst them, and I saw the lad at the bar take a watch out of this gentleman's pocket; I seized him, and told the prosecutor of it; the prisoner dropped the watch, which the prosecutor picked up.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going through Barbican, and there was a great mob of people; I went to see the balloon, like others, and got into the crowd; and this gentleman came and said I had the watch; immediately my foot slipped, and I fell down, and the gentleman picked up the watch before me, and said I took it.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
