





646. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CLARKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th day of July
, a leather portmanteau, value 4 s. a cloth coat, value 10 s. six linen shirts, value 10 s. a pair of nankeen breeches, value 4 s. another pair of breeches, value 3 s. a waistcoat, value 3 s. a pair of stockings, value 2 s. a pair of worsted ditto, value 1 s. a pair of shoes, value 1 s. four neckcloths, value 2 s. two stocks, value 6 d. two half handkerchiefs, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christian 
                     Winthurst
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  BENJAMIN
                   GRIMES
               



             sworn.
Leaving off work on Wednesday, the 3d of May, between seven and eight, I went with a parcel in the Strand, I called in at the Castle public house, and the prosecutor and the prisoner were near the box where I sat, and he shewed me a small piece of paper, making motions as well as he could, and I could not make it out, he seemed very uneasy; some time after they left the house, the prosecutor and the prisoner together; I saw them do nothing, only they were together; in about a quarter of an hour after, as I was going home, a little below Temple-bar, between that and Shoe-lane, I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor, and another man together, the other man and the prisoner had hold of the prosecutor by the arm, and the prosecutor had this portmanteau upon his shoulder, and the other, not this man, seemed to be hauling the prosecutor along, and before they came to Shoe-lane the prisoner took the portmanteau from his shoulder; the other two that was with him seemed to force the prosecutor along, till they came quite to the end of Shoe-lane, and there the prisoner, with the portmanteau, run up Shoe-lane, I ran after him, and overtook him, and took him by the collar, and asked him where he was going; he said what was that to me; I asked him whether it was his property; and he said it was, and I had no business with it; I brought him to Mr. Sharp, and he took him into his house; the portmanteau was delivered into the watch-house, to the constable.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. Where was it you first saw the prosecutor? - At the Castle in the Strand.
Who was in company with him at the time? - Another man and the prisoner.
Did the other man seem to be acquainted with the prosecutor? - He seemed to talk his language.
The prisoner could not talk his language? - Not that I know of, I did not hear him.
What state were they all in? - I be- believe the young fellow, the prosecutor, seemed rather in liquor.
What weight was the portmanteau do you think? - I do not know, about twenty pound; for what I know, they all appeared to go out in company together.
Did not the prisoner, when you came up with him, appear to be a little in liquor? - I did not take notice.
At that time he had the portmanteau upon his back? - Yes.
Was you by when this portmanteau was taken? - Yes.
Was not the portmanteau taken from the prosecutor's back apparently by his consent at the time? - I do not believe it was.
How far did the prosecutor walk with these two men before the man turned down Shoe-lane? - No time at all, it might be a quarter of a minute when he got the portmanteau.
How far did this man go down Shoe-lane? - He went to the first turning, and turned that way was which is Crown-court.
Do you know whereabouts the 
               
                  Ben
                   Johnson
               



            's head in Shoe-lane is? - Yes.
How far was it from the 
               
                  Ben
                   Johnson
               



            's head? - Not far.
What countryman are you? - A Somersetshire man.
What business? - A carpenter.
When you stopped the prisoner, did not the prisoner say that the property for any thing you had to do with it was his, but that the person who owned it was behind? did the prosecutor make known to you where he intended to go that evening? - He did not.
What time of the evening was this? - Between nine and ten; I said nothing till I caught him by the collar; nobody was there but myself.


                  PETER
                   QUICKLY
               



             sworn.
The first I saw was at a public house in the Strand; I was with the last witness, and saw the prisoner, the prosecutor and another man drinking in a box together; I could not tell the conversation; I was in another box along with Grimes, the prosecutor came up to us with a direction, and asked us if we could tell him; it was somewhere by St. Martin's-lane, but we could not make it out, so the young man was laying on the table, the other man came and took him in his arms into the box where they were sitting; in a few minutes after the prosecutor took the portmanteau into the tap-room, and sat upon it, and put his hand over his head as if sleepy; and in a few minutes after they went out of the public house; and in about a quarter of an hour after, me and Grimes saw the prosecutor with the portmanteau in the street; we could not hear the conversation; the other man had hold of the prosecutor by the a rms; the prisoner was on the other side; and just before they came to Shoe-lane, the prisoner got the portmanteau; whether he took it from him, or whether he gave it him, I cannot say, I saw no force used; and at the end of Shoe-lane the prisoner hung back, and run as hard as ever he could go up the lane; my partner says this young man is done out of his property; he run after him and brought him back; I came up to him and said, is this your property? yes, says he; I took the property to the owner.
Mr. Knowlys Prisoner's Counsel. Are you a friend of Grimes's? - Only a fellow workman.
An interpreter was sworn, who begged leave to inform the Court that his motive for interpreting was merely humanity, not with any view of emolument. He interpreted the prosecutor's evidence.


                  CHRISTIAN
                   WINTHURST
               



             sworn.
The prisoner and another man took the portmanteau off my shoulder, and ran away with it; he asked me for the portmanteau, and he would carry it for me, but I said as I had carried it so many hundred miles, I could carry it a little longer.
What did your portmanteau contain? - The things in the indictment.
Mr. Knowlys. Where was it that the prisoner first had your portmanteau? - In the large street.
How far in the large street before you first lost sight of the prisoner after he had taken the portmanteau? - As soon as he took the portmanteau from my shoulder, I lost him at once, I saw no more of him; coming back again I saw a parcel of people in the street; I ran up the street, and there I saw another man holding the portmanteau, and he run up and said, that is the man.
How long had you been in company with the prisoner and his companion? - We were a very short time together; we were in that public house three quarters of an hour.
Whether at that time you found yourself intoxicated? - I was not drunk; they had thrown some brandy or gin in my beer, and insisted on my drinking it.
Where did you purpose sleeping that night? - In St. Martin's-lane; I had a direction to one Mr. Slade.
Was not you asleep at the 
               
                  Ben
                   Johnson
               



            's head in Shoe-lane? - No.
Did not you yourself assist the prisoner to get the portmanteau on his back? - No such thing, I would not give it him.
Did you make any resistance when he was taking it away? - No, Sir, he took it off my shoulders, I did not consent to it.


                  JOSEPH
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
Here is the portmanteau; I have had it in my possession ever since it was delivered to me at Guild-hall; it has never been opened.
To Grimes. Was the portmanteau that was delivered to 
               
                  Thompson
               


             the same that was taken from the prisoner? - Yes.
To Prosecutor. Is it your's? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   POTTER
               



             sworn.
Court. Take care what you say? - Yes; on Monday when this affair happened I went to work at Jones's manufactory, Tottenham court road; I worked till between seven and eight in the evening, and took my work into the compting-house; I was coming home a little past nine; just as I came through Temple-bar, I saw three men very much in liquor; I rather took notice of them, especially the tall man, with something on his back; that is the man.
Was the prisoner one of the persons? - He was in company, and walked rather behind them; just as I came to St. Dunstan's church, they made a full stop; I saw a tall man shift a kind of portmanteau from his back to a short man's back, considerably shorter than himself; and he walked fast, and I walked behind him; I saw the tall man shift it; the other man assisted in putting it on the short man's back; I walked a little behind them, and I saw them pass the end of Fetter-lane; I made the best of my way home; I saw no more.


                  MARIA
                   SEWELL
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner eighteen years; my husband keeps the Red Lion in old Bedlam; him and his family are very honest as far as I know.
The prisoner called six more witnesses who all gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
