





761. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     FINNE
                  , otherwise 
FRAME




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of October
, six loaves of sugar, value 40 s. 400 lb. weight of moist sugar, value 58 s. six pounds weight of sulphur, value 6 s. six pounds weight of hollebore, value 6 s. one linen shirt, value 4 s. one pair of stockings, value 2 s. and one linen handkerchief, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Aldridge
                  




               
            .
The Remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.





Trials at Law, Arguments of Counsel, &c. carefully taken in Short-Hand, and copied with Dispatch by E. HODGSON, Writer of these Proceedings, No. 35, Chancery Lane.
This Day is Published, Price only Half a Crown, the Second Edition, with Additions, of SHORT-HAND on an IMPROVED PLAN; The Alphabet consisting of Sixteen Characters only, by E. HODGSON;
Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No, 35, Chancery Lane, S. BLADON, Pater-noster Row, and J. CLARKE, Portugal Street.
N. B. Although this Book, which contains an Explanatory Copper-plate is a sufficient Instructor of itself, yet if any Doubts should arise, they shall be removed on Application to the Author without any additional Expence.
Short-hand taught at Home and Abroad in FOUR LESSONS, if required.
The Trial of LIEUTENANT COLONEL COCKBURNE, at the Horse Guards, for the loss of St. Eustatius, Price 3 s. published from Mr. Hodgson's Short Hand Notes.







THE WHOLE PROCEEDING'S ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 29th of OCTOBER, 1783, and the following Days;
Being the EIGHTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     Nathaniel
                      Newnham
                  



               , Esq; 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT HAND BY E. HODGSON, And Published by Authority.
NUMBER VIII. PART VII.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON ( the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXIII.
[PRICE SIX-PENCE.]

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  Charles
                   Finn
               



            , otherwise Frame.


                  JOHN
                   ALDRIDGE
               



             sworn.
I was driving the Marlow waggon from London, going into Smallbury Green, on the 1st of October, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I got into the waggon to ride, and I put my hand into a hamper, and caught hold of a man's hand, and it slipped from me like a bird; I looked into the hamper, and the hamper was empty. I did not see the man at all. I got down from the waggon, and I said, I am robbed from head to stern. Says a post-boy, who came by just after, What is the matter, farmer? Says I, I have lost sugar and sugar-loaves. Says the post-boy, there is 
               
                  Charley
                   Frame
               



             has just overthrown his cart, with sugar loaves lying on the road. I went with the man, and I met a man in a cart; the post-boy said it was 
               
                  Charley
                   Frame
               



            . I am a stranger to him: I never saw him by daylight to my knowledge, but when he was at Bow-street, I followed him and stopped the cart; then some people took to the cart, and ran after him. I do not know who it was; it was in the middle of the town, and they brought back a cart with two sugar-loaves, and a quarter of a hundred of sugar. The cart was stopped at the Bell at Hounslow: the man, as I understood, jumped out of the cart, and went away.
Whose sugar was this? - It was Webster and Montague's.
How did you know it? - By the direction there is upon it.
Was it part of the sugar that had been in your hamper? - Yes. Nobody pursued after him that night. I lay at Hounslow: I was afraid to go any further. I gave information at Bow-street next day, and the next week after, as I came through the turnpike at Smallbury Green, the turnpike man said to me, Aldridge, you may have your goods again.
Whose cart was that that was brought back? - It was left in the custody of a person at Hounslow; the cart was one Bennet's, as I heard: he came and fetched the cart away; it has his mark upon it: it is written upon the wood,
'
               
                  George
                   Bennet
               



            , Brentford.'
Did you go in search of 
               
                  George
                   Bennet
               



            ? - I had nothing to do with him: they said the cart was gone one way, and the horse another.
Did not you go to charge Bennet? - I did not understand it.
You found a part of your sugar in this cart? - Yes.
Why did not you go to take up 
               
                  George
                   Bennet
               



            ? - I then came up to Bow-street, and gave information against 
               
                  Charles
                   Frame
               



            , he was in the cart, as that witness will tell you.


                  THOMAS
                   SOUTH
               



             sworn.
I keep the Bell at Hounslow. On Wednesday the 1st of October, about half after ten, I was in my room, I heard a cart come up: I went to the door with a candle. When I came out, I saw the prisoner in the cart: I knew him before: he chucked out a paper parcel, and said, God bless you, take it up, Sir. I was stooping to take it up, and a neighbour of mine says, South, what are you at? they are hallooing stop thief up the town; he has robbed somebody. I threw down the paper parcel again; the man ran out into the road, and cried, Come along, here he is. In the mean time the prisoner jumped out of the cart, and ran away. I am quite sure he was in the cart. In about a minute, the constable and about six or eight more came.
Court. Did you look to see what was in the cart? - No.
Did you pick up this parcel, or see it picked up? - No; the constable picked it up while I ran out.
How came he by 
               
                  George
                   Bennet
               



            's cart? - I do not know.
What is 
               
                  George
                   Bennet
               



            ? - He keeps a public-house at Brentford.
Prisoner's Council. The cart was not stopped by any body? - No, it drove into the yard.
As other carts do? - Yes.
Were there any other carts on the road that night? - I do not recollect any.
- WHEELER sworn.
I keep the Coach and Horses. On the first of October Mr. Frame, and two gentlemen who call themselves smugglers, came and drank some porter; then they came and asked me to lodge a bag of tea; I said I was afraid of the fine, but after I told them they might. I saw no more of them that night. The next morning my man went into the garden, and there he found two sacks.
Court. Were they left by this man? - I do not know that; they were dropped between four and five in the afternoon: I do not know who left them in the garden.


                  JOHN
                   DARWIN
               



             sworn.
On the 2d of October I found these sacks in the garden. I know nothing who brought them there.


                  JAMES
                   BARNES
               



             sworn.
I live at Hounslow. I am a shoe-maker. On the first of October, I was just come home, and was going to bed about ten o'clock, I heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran out, and saw a cart and horse, and one man in it, driving by as fast as possible; I was not able to keep up with him; I followed him till I came up to the Bell, and there four or five young fellows, that were chaise-boys, had taken hold of the horse, and the sugars were upon the ground; two loaves of sugar, and a quarter of a hundred of moist sugar: I took them into my possession: I took them down the town; these chaise-boys insisted on taking the cart and horse where they liked: the sugars are in my possession. (The sugars produced, and two of the parcels deposed to.) This was marked J. M. M. the paper is gone.
Prisoner's Council. You know them by your way-bill, do not you? - Yes.
That is the only way you know them? - Yes, I know them by the mark.
How many parcels have you carried to him? - A great many. The parcels in the way-bill and Hughson's book will answer.
Court. Do you, from your own eyesight, know that you packed these two parcels in your waggon? - Yes, I did.
Without any way-bill or book at all? - Yes, they were chucked to me, and I chucked them into the hamper. I took no account. I had my account from him.
Prisoner's Council. You had a great many parcels that day? - Yes.
Suppose you had not your way-bill at all? - Then I could not tell any thing at all about it.
There was nothing particular that day to know one parcel from another of the same size? - Here are four of these parcels. I put the parcels to deliver them out, to have them handy. I look at the marks of them oftentimes. I looked at these; I remember the parcels and the marks.


                  JOSEPH
                   ELTON
               



             sworn.
I am a post-boy. I was going home on the first of October, to Hounslow, in a return chaise, empty. When I came to Smallbury Green, the farther end, it was about ten, and very dark, and there was a man had overturned his cart, and an hostler had brought out a light, and helped him up with his cart. The hostler came to me, and said, Do not you know who it is? I said, Yes, I know who it is, very well; it is Mr. Frame; I have known him some years: I says to him, Mr. Frame, where are you going at this time of night? he said to Hillington. There were two loaves of sugar that I saw lie on the ground, and he put them into the cart, to the best of my remembrance: he then says to the landlord and his hostler, Come, we will go and have something to drink. I kept on in my chair, and overtook a man in his waggon: I hallooed out, says I, Farmer, what is the matter? He said he had been robbed from head to stern. I asked him what he had lost, and he told me he had lost sugars and other things; he did not know what. Says I, there is Frame has just overturned his cart, and I saw two loaves of sugar in the road. I went back with him at his request to Huggins, the landlord's, and just within ten yards, I met the prisoner coming on for Hounslow in his cart, the waggoner went to the house, says he I have been robbed, and this post-boy tells me it is the man that has overturned his cart, I drove on and got before him within an hundred yards of Hounslow, the man jumped off to lay hold of his horse, he whipped his horse and ran off, and I followed him crying stop thief, stop the cart, and the cart was brought back.
Prisoner's Council. At the publick-house he was drinking with Huggins, after that you kept on? - I did not stop at all, the waggon was three hundred yards off.
You do not know how long he had been there before? - No.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I was going over Smallbury-green, there was a loaded carriage came by, which was turning down to go to Isleworth, I saw these parcels laying, and put them into the cart, going further the cart overturned, I asked the men then to drink, then I went on through Hounslow, and as I went along, a person accosted me to try to stop my horse, I was not willing to be stopped, and I whipped the horse on; I heard a hallooing out, I thought it was safest to go to the house where I was going to deliver these things, I went to Mr. South's, and I said take care of these things.
(For the Prisoner.)


                  WILLIAM
                   HUDSON
               



             sworn.
I live at Kew, I am a parish clerk, I have known the prisoner upwards of five years, he lives at Kew, he has been very civil and friendly to me, I know of nothing unjust, nor any misbehaviour in him.
What is he? - I never enter into any body's business but my own.
Court. What is his general character? - I never heard any of the neighbours say they knew any ill of him.


                  JOHN
                   LAYTON
               



             sworn.
I am a lighterman, I have known him eight years, and his general character is good as far as ever I heard.
Court. Do you know much about him? - I know him very well, by living in the same place with him, I am constable of the parish, and if any body had any thing to say against him they would apply to me.
Does he bear a good character in the neighbourhood? - He does not bear a bad one.
- DAVIS sworn.
I live at Richmond, I have known him these nine, ten, or eleven years, I never heard any thing of him but what was very civil, the man always behaved very well to me, I never heard any thing particular against him in my life, any more than what is the common run of the world.



                  WILLIAM
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
I have known him these twelve or fourteen years, I never knew any harm of the man, I never heard any bad of him, I am upon my oath.
What is the general character of that man in the neighbourhood? - I cannot give any account of that, I never saw any harm by the man.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
