





179. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     COOK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, one cloth coat, value 12 d. one waistcoat, value 6 d. and a shirt, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hutchins
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   HUTCHINS
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Joseph
                   Hutchins
               



            ; we live in Stewart's-rents, St. Giles's


; I know the prisoner; I never spoke to her till the robbery; I saw her once before; she was taken in to lodge for one night out of charity, in the next room to me; that was the day my clothes were lost, which was the Thursday after Christmas day; I lost the things in the indictment, which were my husband's; I missed them about half after two; I saw them about half an hour before; I went into Broad-court, for a bundle of linen to wash, and when I returned they were gone; there were a great many people in the house; my sister and I went out together; I left nobody in my apartment; I was away about half an hour as near as I can speak; when I returned and missed the things, I went to two pawnbrokers, Mr. Lane's, and Mr. Cooper's; and while I was at Mr. Cooper's, the prisoner came in under pretence to pawn a bonnet; she wanted sixpence on it, and they lent her but three-pence; she says tome, what are you here? I never spoke to her before; I said, yes, to my sorrow; and she staid, and heard me ask the pawnbroker if such things were brought; and she went with me to several pawnbrokers, to ask for these things, and came back again with me to the house, and the landlady and me went into this young woman's room; there were none of the clothes in this room; and my landlady insisted on her going out immediately, and would not let her stay in my room; then the girl came into my room, and said, if you think I am guilty, I am willing to stay till you get a constable; and she desired me to let her go, and she would return the next morning between ten and eleven and clear her character; I did not suspect her when I took her to the pawnbrokers; she never returned, and that made me suspect her, and I took her up on the Monday night following; this was on a Thursday; there was a man who lived with her, his name is Cook, I had seen him come down stairs that night that I lost my clothes; he came to see her, after she was gone away; he did not sleep there; I took him that night on suspicion; he was discharged on the Tuesday following, and the prisoner was committed; she was taken up by somebody in the Strand on the Monday, who knew of the affair, and taken to the watch-house; I was sent for, and saw her there; I had very little conversation with her in the watch-house.


                  JOHN
                   ETTERNOUTH
               



             sworn.
I am one of the beadles of St. Martin's; the prisoner was brought in by a man I knew not; I detained her; and the prosecutrix came; the prisoner in the mean time before the prosecutrix came, gave me these three duplicates; I took charge of her, and the next morning I found the property at Brown and Ashman's in the Strand; they were pawned in the name of 
               
                  Sarah
                   Harris
               



            .


                  C.
                   E. SAMBROOKE
               



             sworn.
I am an apprentice to Messrs. Brown and Ashman; they are pawnbrokers; these are our duplicates; I delivered them to her myself; two on the 28th of December, and one on the 1st of January; I am sure it was the prisoner; I had seen her two or three times before; she came in the name of Sarah Harris.
(The things produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been out of an errand, and coming into the house I picked up the bundle, just entering the door; I opened it; I did not know whose it was, and being in great distress I carried them to the pawnbroker's.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
