





632. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NEALE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, one watch, with the inside case made of gold, and the outside case of shagreen, value 10 l. a gold chain, value 40 s. two stone seals set in gold, value 40 s. and one gold watch key, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Paul 
                     Orchard
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  PAUL
                   ORCHARD
               



            , Esq; sworn.
Coming out of the Pantheon on Thursday night about eleven, there was a vast crowd, and I saw this man as I was going on with two ladies, whom I was conducting to their carriages, and I was on my guard, and I saw him stop and look at my watch chain; one of the ladies, Lady Egremont, I handed into her carriage, and Mrs. Orchard was a good deal frightened, and I handed her into my chair, and that moment I felt a twitch at my watch, and I saw the prisoner take my watch, and the instant I seized him I saw him dropping it; I stooped to take it up, but there were a great many people more: I took the fellow by the throat, says I, I have lost my watch, but I will secure the villain; I gave him into the charge of a soldier that was there, and desired he would conduct him to the constable; he was carried to the round-house: I swore positively then to the man as I do now, there was nobody near me; I pitched upon him that moment, and I am sure it dropped from his hand and no other.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never saw the watch, nor never touched it, I came up from Wapping, I was at work on board a ship, my brother lived in Welbeck-street, Marybone, and the gentleman challenged me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
