





372. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     THOMAS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of March
, a pair of gloves, value 6 d. a watch-chain, value 6 d. a handkerchief, value 6 d. a coloured apron, value 1 s. a pair of shoes, value 2 s. two shawls, value 2 s.
             and several other things, the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Williams
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
The prisoner lived as servant
 with me three weeks, I took her in as a charitable act, she said she had just come to town, and had neither money nor friends; my man met her going to an office, he brought her to my house, he was a countryman of her's; I told her I did not like to take strangers in; she said she was willing to do any thing; I told her if she behaved well I would clothe her, as fast as it was coming to her; on the 23d of March Mr. Baker informed me she had left a bundle, and was going away; I went to Mr. Baker's, and I examined the bundle, and found the things were mine; Mr. Baker is a neighbour of mine; here are some things I took out of her pocket, a pair of gloves, a watch-chain, some money, a handkerchief, a coloured apron; this check apron was too short, I had more joined to it; her care a pair of shoes, these shawls I know by the colour being discharged by lemon.


                  JOHN
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to my house in the morning about seven o'clock, I live in Vine-street, it was on the 23d of March, she desired I would let her leave that bundle there, as she was coming away from her place; I told her she might; I went and told my wife that I did not think that the thing belonged to her, I told my wife to inform Mrs. Williams, and she did, and she came in and said the things were her's, and the prisoner was taken into custody.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Mr. Baker's servant came to our house on Sunday night, he staid there all night, and I let him out the next morning, and he gave me the bundle to take; I said I would not leave my place; he said if I did not bring it out, he would knock my bloody eye out, and I took it and left it at Mr. Baker's.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
