






962. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     ROBERTS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     RANKIN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th day of October
, one hundred pounds weight of butter, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wilcox
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Wilcox
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   WILCOX
               



             sworn.
Who is your partner? - 
               
                  Robert
                   Wilcox
               



            , I only speak as to the property.


                  GABRIEL
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
Last Tuesday evening, I saw the two prisoners, I saw Rankin with a cask of butter on his shoulder, in Newgate-street, going from Cheapside; Rankin had the butter, I turned round and followed them; Rankin pitched it down by the Horse-shoe passage, Roberts helped him down with it, Rankin sat upon it, and wrapped his coat round it, the other went away towards Cheapside; I went over to Mr. Clement's, and Mr. Holmes came with me, I asked Rankin to get up that I might look at the marks, Rankin said he did not know what it was, he was left in charge; and as I was standing, Rankin struck me over the the head, and ran off, I called out stop thief! Mr. Holmes ran after him, and he was stopped and brought back, I am sure he is the same man, the other was gone; a coach came to the Horse-shoe passage to take up the butter, and the coachman asked what he was to take up, Roberts afterwards d - d his eyes, and said if ever he got clear of this, he would do for me.
- HOLMES sworn.
I found the prisoner Rankin at the end of the Horse-shoe-passage, waiting while Roberts was gone for a coach; and I followed him and saw him stopped in St. Paul's Church-yard, I am positive to the man.
What became of the butter? - It was left in Newgate-street till the next day, he never was quite out out of my sight, he was then taken to Guildhall; I observed the marks.
(The cask produced and deposed to.)
Court to Wilcox. Do you know the cask? - I do, it is marked T. R. No. 155, it was sent by our carman between two and three o'clock on Tuesday.


                  JOHN
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
I am the carman, I was bringing two casks of butter from Marybone, from a gentleman who did not approve of it, I was bringing it back to Mr. Wilcox, I lost it between St. Paul's chain, and Watling-street, I first missed it in Watling-street, near the corner of Friday-street.


                  THOMAS
                   WARREN
               



             sworn.
I heard the cry of stop thief! I went to St. Paul's Church-yard, and there I took charge of the prisoner Rankin, the prosecutor said he should know the other man if he saw him.
PRISONER RANKIN's DEFENCE.
I was coming down Newgate-street, and I met a porter who asked me to help him down with his load, I am not able to stand under such a load myself, he said he would call a coach, and I sat down upon the cask by his desire, that was my defence before.

PRISONER ROBERTS's DEFENCE.
I know nothing about it, on the day that this happened I was at a public house waiting for a young man that was bringing me home a pair of shoes, I never was out of his company till between eleven and twelve that night.


                  JOHN
                   WES
               



             T sworn.
I live in Water-lane, Black-friars, I am a shoe-maker, the prisoner gave me a pair of shoes to mend last Saturday, I was to have brought them home on Monday night, but did not; I took them to the Crown, at Smithfield-bars, on Tuesday afternoon, rather before five; the prisoner Roberts was there, and we staid there till eleven, I never parted company, I was with him all the time, I never was out of his company.
Who else was in company besides the prisoner and you? - One 
               
                  William
                   Marsh
               



            .
Did he come with you, or was he with the prisoner? - He went with me to carry home the shoes.
Did you find the prisoner Roberts there or did he come in after you? - He was there when I went in.
How came you to stay so long? - I do not know, I was in company, I went home at eleven my usual hour, there might be five or six in company with the prisoner.
Men or women? - No women at all, all men.
Did you sup there? - Yes.
What had you for supper? - I had a slice of bread and cheese.
What had the prisoner for supper? - I do not recollect.
What had Marsh? - I do not recollect there was anything else but bread and cheese for supper.
What had you to drink, beer or spirits? - Beer, I do not recollect I had anything but beer.
Was there any spirits called for by the company? - Not to my knowledge.
Who went away first? - We all went away together, I saw no more of them.
Was the landlord at home? - He was not at home all the time.
How do you know he was not at home? - Because he was in a different place, he was in Newgate, if I must speak plain.
What was he there for? - That I do not know, I did not understand that he was there till that night I went there.
What is the landlord's name? - 
               
                  James
                   Beaman
               



            .


                  WILLIAM
                   MARSH
               



             sworn.
What are you? - I am a smith.
Where do you live? - In Baldwin's gardens.
Do you know the prisoner Roberts? - Yes, very well.
Do you know the Crown at Smithfield-bars? - Yes.
Was you ever there? - Yes.
When? - Every night this week, and most part of the day, it is a house I frequently use.
Do you know the landlord? - Yes.
What he that keeps it now? - One Crabb has kept it within this day or two.
Who was the landlord when you used to frequent it? - 
               
                  James
                   Beaman
               



            .
Where is he? - I believe he is in trouble.
What trouble? - I cannot say, I believe he is in Newgate about some silk, I think I have heard say.
Did you ever see the prisoner Roberts at that house? - Yes, on Tuesday night.
How came he there? - He was drinking there in the same box that I was.
Who did he come in with? - He came in by himself, I saw nobody with him.
Did you see him come in? - Yes, I did, and I asked him to drink.
How long had you been there before him? - I was there all day from about ten in the morning.
Did he join company with you when he came in? - Yes.
What time did he come in? - Between four and five.
How long did he and you stay there? - We stopped there till eleven I suppose, or it might be something more.
Were any body else in company? - Yes, there were three or four more.
Who were there? - There was one 
               
                  Joseph
                   Dean
               



            , he is at the door now, and one William Jenks, there were several in the tap-room, but nobody else that I knew in company with me and the prisoner, there were about four of us in company, there was a man that went by the name of 
               
                  John
               


             the footman, I did not know what his other name was, this is the man.
(Pointing to 
               
                  John
                   West
               



            .)
How long did he come in before the prisoner? - The prisoner came in a good while before West.
When did West come in? - About six o'clock I believe it might be; I cannot rightly say, I believe it to be between five and six.
Did anybody come in with him? - No.
How many women were there in company? - I do not recollect ever a one.
What, not the whole evening? - No, they might come in backwards and forwards, but never to set down.
What had you for supper? - Nothing.
Had anybody anything? - Not that I saw, nobody had anything to eat while I was there.
Who went away first? - We all came away together; I was acquainted with West before, he came there about some shoes.
How long was the prisoner out during that time? - I never knew him out, not at all, only to make water, and in again.
You were there a considerable time before the prisoner? - Yes, I was there at ten in the morning, I was not out till I came out for good at eleven, I came in between four and five, and the prisoner between five and six.
Then it is not true that you went with West to help him to carry the shoes home? - I did not.
You did not come in with West? - No.
That is not true? - No.
What did you drink, beer or spirits? - Beer, and several three penny worths of gin and water.
The prisoner Rankin called two witnesses who gave him a good character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Court. In the first place let these two witnesses West and Marsh be committed to Newgate.
Court to Prisoners. You have both of you been convicted upon very satisfactory evidence which has perfectly convinced my mind, as well as that of the Jury, of your guilt; and from the circumstances of this case, you appear to be extremely improper and dangerous men to be suffered to go at large in this country, to have an opportunity of plundering your innocent fellow citizens; it is therefore necessary for justice, and the public safety, that I should send both of you out of the country; but I think it necessary to make a distinction in your cases now, though there was none before, for I consider the guilt of Roberts as greatly aggravated by the perjured defence he has set up in a Court of justice; I have always kept a very strict watch over perjured defences set up by witnesses, and I have thought it my duty to put these witnesses into a mode of receiving the punishment they have deserved; but I have also thought it right in all cases to increase as much as the law will permit me, the punishment of those offenders who have dared to set up such a perjured defence; for the mischief of the perjury does not merely stop in the perversion of justice in that single trial in which it is produced, but it has a tendency to deprive innocent men of the benefit of that sort of testimony, and to render it suspected even if true; these sort of defences have been so frequent, that the moment they are mentioned they are looked upon with a jealous eye, both by the Court and Jury, and the consequence of which may sometimes be to pervert the truth on the other side, and to render it not worthy of that attention it might deserve. The sentence of the Court therefore is, 



               that you Robert Roberts be transported to Africa for the term of seven years, and that you George Rankin be transported for the term of seven years to such place or places as his Majesty with the advice of his privy councel shall think fit to declare and appoint
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
