





870. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WRIGHT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of August
, one watch, with the inside case made of metal, and the outside of shagreen, value 20 s. and one linen gown, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Allen
                  




               
            .
The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.
Mrs. ALLEN sworn.
On the 10th of August, at seven in the morning, the prisoner came into my apartment, I was in the room, he took the watch and gown out of the room, I was in bed and saw him before he went out of the room, I did not see him come in, I called out Charles, I thought it was my husband, but I saw it was not him, and I was rather terrified: the prisoner went out, he was stopped and taken directly to the watch-house; I know the prisoner is the same person that was brought back, but I did not see his face in my room, his coat was the same colour, the watch and gown were found upon him, the gown was concealed in his foot-bag.


                  THOMAS
                   GOOD
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner run out of the street, and drop a foot-bag which seemed very heavy; I pursued him, and he was taken, the gown was in the bag, and the watch in his pocket.
- FOSTER sworn.
I searched the prisoner, and found this watch and gown on him, they have been in my possession ever since.
(The gown and watch deposed to.)

Prisoner. Do you positively swear to me, mistress?
Court. No, she does not.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
When you come to hear me speak, you will find it to the contrary; first you will observe, that such as watchmen, and thief-takers, and such sort of people as those, never come to swear for their King and country in this Court, but also for the money that is allowed by this government: also, the night before this happened, my brother came and told me, that another brother was very bad; in the morning about a quarter before six I arose, when I had dressed myself the clock had struck six; I set out to go to Knight's-bridge, and coming along Piccadilly, on this side the Haymarket, I heard the alarm of stop thief, and one man five feet high, and one man six feet high, one in a light coloured coat, and one in a drab coloured coat, one man took something from under his coat, but I cannot say what it was; he threw down a sack and immediately crossed to the other side of the way, I went over and took up the sack, I turned back and came towards Hare-street, and saw the prosecutrix stand there, in a smock and flannel petticoat, and I thought it was a horrid thing, and she said to me, I believe you are one of the thieves; and I was taken up, they all searched my coat pocket, and my breeches, and a man says to me (begging your pardon my Lord) damn me I will do for you now; he cried come along, follow me, and there were seven or eight more people, and they were all amazed, says one man, I will be on my oath, I put my hand in his coat pocket, and there was nothing; I pulled them inside out, but they are welcome to say what they please, I am innocent.
Court to Foster. Is there any truth in this? - None.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
