





521. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARTLETT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Payne
                        




                     
                   on the King's highway, on the 22d of April
 last, and putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, one man's hat, value 10 s. his property
            .


                  RICHARD
                   PAYNE
               



             sworn.
On the 22d of April, coming to my mother's door, between seven and eight in the evening, I heard a noise in the alley; I looked out at the fore door, and saw four men in the alley, one of whom was getting over the wall into our yard, and the prisoner was assisting him to get over that wall; he had him by the legs, when I first saw him, and was actually assisting him; and I asked him what they wanted; and the man dropped from the wall, and shammed drunk; I had a candle, I went and asked them what they wanted there; the prisoner said, d - n you, do you think we want to eat your wall; the prisoner then knocked me down, and beat me severely about the head and body, and they cut me over the eye, which I suppose I never shall recover; I cannot read now or write five minutes together; in five minutes, my mother and sister, hearing a noise, came down to the door; three of the men run away with my hat, which had been knocked off in the scuffle, and I secured the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM
                   LONG
               



             sworn.
On the 22d of April, I came down to Mr. Payne's house, to see his mother; he saw one of the men upon the wall, and he went out to him, and asked them what they wanted there, and they d - ned him, and said, did he think they wanted to eat the wall; then he collared one of them; the prisoner struck him, and beat him very much about the head and body; they knocked off his hat, when they beat him about his head; I am sure it was one of the men which ran away with the prosecutor's hat.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been to Knightsbridge, to a master I had used to work for; my master treated me with two or three pints of beer; I was intoxicated; and in going along, I commonly go through this alley to my father's, and there were three men standing in the passage, and this prosecutor came up, and he spoke to the three men; I said, what, was you going to eat the gentleman's wall; the gentleman said, no; but I suppose you was going to rob the place; says he, you are one of the gang, d - n you; and the gentleman struck me on the left eye, and immediately a battle ensued between the gentleman and I; both our hats were lost, I could not find my hat; then he took me to the Justice's; I never saw any of the men.
Prosecutor. The instant the three men ran away, I said, where is my hat? says my mother, them three men have run away with it; I missed it before them three people came up; this was a brick wall they were getting over, about six or seven feet high; we have been robbed six or seven times, about this time in the evening, of linen in the yard; the linen was in the yard, drying.




               GUILTY Of stealing the hat, but not of the robbery on the highway
            .
Court to Prisoner. It is the duty of the Court, in apportioning the punishment of your crime, to take into consideration the aggravating circumstances under which that crime is intended; it is perfectly clear, that you came with three associates, with a purpose of committing a felony, that you was interrupted and proceeded to extremities of personal violence, in a manner indeed which did endanger the life of an innocent man, defending his own and his family's property; in the prosecution of that unlawfull purpose, and that gross violence, a felony of another sort has been committed by one of your associates, for which the law wisely makes you answerable; therefore the sentence of the Court is, that you be




               Transported to Africa for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
