






678. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KELLY
                   alias 
HENDERSON




            , and 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     COURTENEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, fifty one printed bound books, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Hanna
                     




                  , in her dwelling house
            .


                  SARAH
                   HANNA
               



             sworn.
I keep a lodging house, No. 9. Hungerford-court, Charing-cross


; I did not miss any books till I was sent for to Litchfield-street office, on the Monday after Michaelmas day, the books were there; the prisoners came to me as man and wife; and lodged ten weeks in my house; during that time I understood them to be man and wife; they had left my house about ten days; they were my lodgers still, only in another house, but the woman came backwards and forwards to that house, and she discharged the lodgings in the house, in which they had been before; I never saw the books in the hands of the prisoners.


                  WILLIAM
                   WARD
               



             sworn.
I deal in books and different articles; I keep a house in Long Acre; the man prisoner brought a parcel of duplicates to me, and said he was recommended to me, to buy some books he had in pawn; he said they were a parcel of magazines; I went to the pawnbroker's, whose name is Thomas Jenkins, to see these books; I saw they were magazines, I believe there were about four or five volumes, they were bound; and two or three odd volumes of Pope's works; there were about thirty-eight or forty in the whole; the prisoner only mentioned magazines; I agreed with him, and bought the duplicates; I gave him fifteen pence a piece for them, one with the other; I think there was thirty-eight when I fetched them out of pawn, not all magazines, there were thirty-two of magazines; he gave me the duplicates, and I took them out; I have some of the books here. (The books produced.) Some of them I took out of the pawnbrokers, and some I stopt; I am sure all the books that I have here, he either brought me or sold me; I believe he first came to me about the 22d of September, and two or three days after, he brought me two or three odd volumes more.
Did you keep these books by themselves, or mark them? - When he brought me some, two or three days afterwards, I had a suspicion, and I marked them; and the first I kept by themselves, as I always do, when I buy a lot; I put a cross upon them that I stopt upon him; after those I took out of pawn, there were thirty-two volumes of one sort, running numbers; and there were some odd volumes which I put my shop mark on.


                  THOMAS
                   CHIPPAGE
               



             sworn.
The man prisoner has used our shop about three months, in Jermyn-street, St. James's; and in the course of that time he pawned forty books; there were thirty-two volumes of Universal Magazines; I believe July was the first month he ever came to our house.
What is the greatest number that ever he pawned at your shop at one time? - I believe five; here are two volumes of the British Empire, I can swear positively to; and I can swear to thirty-two volumes ofthe magazines, them I can swear to; there are one or two volumes of Pope's works, them I cannot swear to.
Prosecutrix. The books were in a trunk, at the bottom of the garret stair-case; they were left with me for a debt of a gentleman, who boarded and lodged with me, and he told me to sell them.


                  Charles
                   Elliott
               



            , a watchman, opened the chest, and at the bottom there were a parcel of books, which compleated the sets, with those that Ward produced.
Court to Ward. What is the utmost value of any five of those books? - I suppose about one shilling and six-pence a piece.


                  JOHN
                   KELLY
               



            , otherwise HENDERSON,



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  ELEANOR
                   COURTENEY
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
