








521. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     GODIN, alias 
GORDON




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GOLDFINCH
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     ROBERTS
                  



               
            , were indicted for that 


               they, on the 15th of April
 last, about the hour of ten in the night, in the parish of St. Mary, Stratford, Bow


, six pieces of cotton cloth called callico, containing 168 yards, value 16 l. 16 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Adams
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Lay
                        



                     
                  , then laid and exposed to be bleached in their ground used by them, feloniously did steal, take, and carry away
            .


                  JOHN
                   KIRMON
               



             sworn.
I am watchman to the bleaching-grounds belonging to Mr. 
               
                  Richard
                   Adams
               



             and 
               
                  Samuel
                   Lay
               



            , I went round the grounds once or twice, and about ten at night I went round again, and I missed what we call a whole length of printed British callico; a length is six pieces: when I went round the first and second time they were all there, and they were there much about ten; and the third time I went round they were gone; when I found the piece gone, I alarmed the yard watchman, and he alarmed my master and the rest, and they went in pursuit of them; my masters are quakers; I then came back to the field, for fear they should take more; and the next morning the piece of callico was brought to my master's house.


                  JOSEPH
                   BRIGG
               



             sworn.
I am the yard watchman, I alarmed my masters, and they alarmed the servants about the place, we went in pursuit, and took the prisoner Roberts at a place called White-post-lane, about half a mile from the bleaching ground, between the hours of two and three, there were two more with him; we were laying in wait for them; I picked up this bundle, and brought it into my master's ground, it contained one piece, it is here.


                  THOMAS
                   CROP
               



             sworn.
I lay in wait till between two and three, and the prisoner 
               
                  Abraham
                   Gordon
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas
                   Goldfinch
               



            , and 
               
                  Samuel
                   Roberts
               



             came; Gordon came over the stile first, Roberts next; they had each a bundle on their heads, they discovered us, and threw their bundles down. It was getting towards morning, I could distinguish their faces; I knew one of them before; Gordon had worked in the trade; Gordon and Goldfinch ran up Marsh-lane, and escaped for that time, Roberts took over the Marsh, he jumped into a ditch, and I secured him; the pieces were wet from the bleaching-ground; they were afterwards opened in my presence, and they contained two pieces, in a blue apron, two pieces in a brown bag, and one piece in a reddish handkerchief, and another piece in a black handkerchief; Gordon had the bag, Goldfinch had the blue apron, and Roberts had the two handkerchiefs, one of the handkerchiefs was found afterwards. I took Roberts, and the others were taken from the information of Roberts; Gordon had worked at our ground, but not then.
Court. Are you sure of the prisoners? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   THORNTON
               



             sworn.
I laid in wait for these men; my masters are callico-printers, this is their bleaching-ground; I saw Gordon first come over the stile, Goldfinch next, and then Roberts, they had bundles on their heads, when they came within twenty yards they observed us, they pitched their bundles and ran off; I could swear to Gordon nine yards off; I have no doubt of their being the persons, all three; I picked up the bundles, and carried them home in this apron to Messrs Adams and Co. there was a piece in each handkerchief; I'll swear to the piece, I marked them with a private mark, the initials of my name.
Were there goods of this sort lost or missed from the bleaching-grounds on this night.
Yes, Sir, there were; they were all wet and dirty when I found them, here is a mark 3338.


                  WILLIAM
                   BARRINGEN
               



             sworn.
Here is the Excise-Office book, here is the corresponding mark on the piece; there are six different numbers on the six different pieces of each, they are running numbers, here is 3365, 3416, 3368.

Mr. Baron Perryn. These numbers you have spoken of, and which are inserted in that book, might not they apply to other pieces of cloth, as well as those? - No, Sir, we have officers that survey this work, and no others.
Court to Kirmon. These are the very sort of callicoes? - The very same.
PRISONER ROBERTS's DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say.
Prisoner Gordon. I know nothing of it, I was taken out of bed the next morning as innocent as a child.
Prisoner Goldfinch. I am quite innocent.
ALL THREE 

               GUILTY
            , Death.
N. B. 




               The Court afterwards mitigated their punishment to transportation for fourteen years
            . See Stat. 18 Geo. II. c. 27.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILLES.
