





457. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GILLING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of March
 last, one silver snuffer stand, value 35 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Fakeney
                  




               
            , Esq.




                  JOSEPH
                   FAKENEY
               



            , Esq; sworn.
On Saturday the 19th of March, I lost a silver snuffer stand, but how it was conveyed out of the house, I only know by hearsay; I believe it will be necessary for me to mention the manner in which the prisoner was apprehended; I should not taken so much notice of this trifling ma but on the Wednesday following, I lost a considerable quantity of plate in the same manner, and I did not know, but it might be the same man in a different garb: I saw the prisoner on the Monday following, one 
               
                  John
                   Lee
               



            , a constable, saw the prisoner before the Justice upon another charge, and sent for me; the prisoner at first denied it; but afterwards he said, it did not signify, I did take it; and immediately after that I had it conveyed to a person whom I do not know whether I should name, it is a common receiver, and says he, I received fifteen and sixpence for it; there were no promises or threats made to him in the least.


                  MARY
                   COOK
               



             sworn.
I am cook to Mr. Fakeney, I know the prisoner, I am sure of him, I saw him in my master's passage the 19th of January, he came there with a foolish excuse, and said my master had ordered in some coals, it was seven in the evening; he rang at the bell, I opened the door, he said, he came from Mr. Steel, I told him Mr. Wilks served us with coals; he said, Mr. Wilks and Mr. Steel were partners; I said, I could say nothing at all to it, as my master was not at home; he said, he was going a little further and would call again presently, he returned in ten minutes, I told him my master was not come in, he then said, it was a very cold night, and he was very dry, would I give him a little small beer, which I went to draw; when I came up, he was gone, and the street door left open; the parlour door was open, as it was when he came.


                  JOHN
                   LEE
               



             sworn.
I took a description of the prisoner, and I took him, and as soon as 
               
                  Mary
                   Cook
               



             saw him, she declared he was the very person.


                  JOHN
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
I was at the Castle, in Cow-cross, on Saturday night, eating some supper with my father; and the prisoner came and called was, he said, Jack, I have got a piece of state here, he shewed it me, it was a silver snuffer stand, he asked me to sell it; I asked him where he got it, he said at first he found it; I took and sold it to one Votier, who is not in custody.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I did take it, and I went down to Cow-cross, and this man said, he would sell it for me, and he went and sold it in Sharp's-alley, to one 
               
                  Isaac
                   Votier
               



            , and he came again, and said, stop a little.
Court. Did any body set you on doing this before hand? - No, please your Lordship, I did it for want; I never did such a thing before, I have been out of work a long while, I work in the coal work.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
