





359. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GODFREY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously, and feloniously, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Fuller
                        




                     
                  , at the hour of four in the night, on the 1st of April
, and feloniously stealing therein eight silk handkerchiefs, value 8 s. one black laced half handkerchief, value 6 d. two silver seals, value 2 s. a pair of silver shoe-bu ckles, value 6 s. four silver spoons, value 5 s. a silver pap-spoon, value 4 s. a small silver toothpick-case, value 12 d. a silver medal, value 5 s. a japan'd snuffbox, value 1 s. a purse, value 1 d. three seals, value 12 d. one small rose diamond ring, value 15 s. two plain gold rings, value 15 s. twenty pieces of old silver, value 6 s. a pair of garnet ear-rings, set in gold, value 4 s. and one silver watch, value 20 s. her property
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   FULLER
               



             sworn.
I live at Brentford End, in Isleworth


 parish. On the 1st of April, between the hour of twelve and five, my house was broke open; I was at home, and went to-bed at eleven; my son is generally the last; I did not see the house fastened before I went up; about five, we were alarmed by our neighbours that our house was broke open.


                  JOHN
                   FULLER
               



             sworn.
The servant-maid was the last up; she is not here; I always fastened the shop-window myself, and locked the two doors; there are two doors into the shop: the next morning, about five, we were alarmed by the neighbours that the shop was broke open; I got up, and went into the shop, and found the tiles and ceiling of the shop broken, and the leads both, and somebody had got in between the rafters; the shop adjoins to the house, but there is no room over it; there was room enough for a man to come through; I looked round the shop, and found two drawers open, one the till, and another; and I missed a number of different articles, and some silk articles which lay in the window. There was nothing done till about a quarter after seven in the morning, when Mr. Black came up to desire me to come down to the Feathers, that there was a suspicious man there; when I came there, we went up into the room where the prisoner and his wife were, and the first thing we discovered, in searching the room, was a Cheshire cheese under the bed; the next thing that I could swear to, was a snuff-box that lay on a chair in the prisoner's room; after that, the prisoner was searched; there was a piece of money found in his pocket; the prisoner said it was a crown piece when he took it out, but it was my medal.
In which pocket? - I believe the right-hand breeches-pocket; I do not recollect any thing else being found: his wife was then searched, and all the rest of the articles, except a watch, were found upon her.
What did the prisoner say for himself? - He said he had not been out; he said nothing more; we found the watch, on coming back, which was in the cage where the prisoner was confined, before we took him to Bow-street; I saw it found.
Was there any body else in the cage when he was there? - Nobody else, nor before, that I know of. I know nothing further.


                  JOHN
                   KING
               



             sworn.
About six o'clock, on the 1st of April, I heard this shop had been broke open, and my suspicion fell on the prisoner, because I was sent for the Thursday before about him; I got assistance to help me; I sent for Mr. Fuller, to enquire what he had lost, before I took him; I went up in the room, and took him; he lodged at the Feathers.
How long had he lodged there? - Not a fortnight; he had lodged at the Red Lion about six or eight weeks before he came there; I had seen him before; I do not know his business. The first thing that was found, was a snuff-box on the chair; I went to search him; he said he had a crown piece; I took it out, and Mr. Fuller said he would swear to it; I felt in his other pocket, and I believe there were some seals there, but I do not particularly recollect them; it was a japan'd snuff-box; after I had searched him, I told his wife I should search her; she said, it is of no use to keep it any longer; so she pulled out these things out of her pocket, and the buckles and pap-spoon, and tea-spoon, and this case and some of the seals, and some loose silver, which was tied up in this glove, I found in a box in the room; he said he had not been out that morning; I said I knew he had, his breeches were all over mortar; the watch I could not find about him then, though I believe I was flurried, and did not feel on the right side; when I came back, I found they were afterwards in the cage.
Had any body else been in the cage between that time? - I believe not.
How long afterwards was it that you looked in the cage? - As soon as we came back from Bow-street; it might be about three, it was in the afternoon of the same day; here is a leather purse I found in a box with Mr. Fuller's name upon it in his own hand writing, that was in the box in the room with the loose silver.


                  MOSES
                   EDMUNDS
               



             sworn.
I was going to my labour about ten minutes before five, and I saw a man coming through the shop, through the ceiling, and he ran away, and I followed him, and I went to the publick house, I cannot swear to him; he had a light loose great coat on; he was very like the prisoner by the back, but I cannot swear to him.


                  JASPER
                   PELLIGOTT
               



             sworn.
On Saturday the 1st of April, I was going up Brentford, and he called after me, and said, Mr. Fuller's shop was broke open; I went with him; I had the same reason to suspect the man that he had, and we went into the room, and found the things as described by the constable; when we came back to Bow-street, I asked the woman at the 
               
                  Brown
                   Bear
               



            , if she knew any thing of the watch, and the only answer she made, was, have you looked in the cage; we found it there.


                  JOHN
                   STILES
               



             sworn.
I live at Brentford, at the Feathers; the prisoner lodged at my house about eight days; I remember the night this robbery was committed, the prisoner went out about a quarter after four in the morning, as nigh as I can guess; I never saw him till about seven, then he came in.
Did you observe him bring any thing with him about that time? - He had something in a white cloth he carried in his hand, but what I cannot say.
Did he use to go out so early? - I never saw him go out so early before.
What employment had he at your house? - I do not know.
Did he work at any thing? - I cannot really say he did, he was there so short a time.
It was pretty near day-light, when you let him out in the morning? - Yes, it was break of day.
(The snuff-box deposed to.)
Prosecutrix. It lay in the till; I saw it forty or fifty times a day.
Court. Let me look at it, it is an old box, a good deal worn.

Then from the marks and appearance of it do you know it again? - Yes.
Have you any doubt of its being your's? - Not the least in the world; these rings were taken out of the same drawer; the two gold rings lay in a box, where there was some silver and halfpence, the diamond ring was in a box wrapped up in a paper; I have no doubt of the box and the rings.
(Mr. Fuller deposes to them.)
This purse is mine; I do not know the watch, this was a watch pledged on the Friday; there was a watch the night before in the drawer, and it was gone in the morning; I can swear to the silver medal.
What is it a medal of? - Something of a battle; that lay in the same drawer where the two gold rings lay.
What was the device on the medal you lost? - There was some man on horseback.
And what woman, do you know? - I do not know, Diana, I believe it was.
Court. No, it is Anna, not Diana; how long have you had it? - Ever since I can remember.
Have you never taken notice what the medal was? - No.
How can you swear to it? - By seeing it constantly.
Mrs. Fuller. I cannot say I know the medal; I have seen it a number of years in that same drawer; I know this little toothpick case; I do not know the handkerchiefs, otherwise than seeing them lay in the window; I know the ear-rings and buckles; I can swear to them.
What may the value of these things be that are found at a low valuation? - About five guineas.
Prisoner. Sir, I am as innocent of the robbery, as a young child.
How did these things come into your possession? - A man brought them, and delivered them to me in the street; I asked him, whether I should come to any harm by them? he said, no; he delivered them to me; I cannot have my witnesses here till to-morrow, or Monday; or else I have witnesses where I was at the time the robbery was done; I went out to work at a gentleman's house, after a job of work; I am a day labouring man.
Court to Prosecutor. Name all the articles that are there? - A pair of silver buckles, four tea-spoons, one pap-spoon, a diamond ring, two plain gold rings, a pair of garnet ear-rings, and a silver watch, three silver seals, and a silver tooth-pick case, a quantity of old silver, and a silver medal.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s. but not guilty of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
