





682. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     ALSFORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bluck
                        




                     
                  , Esq
. on the king's highway, on the 8th ofJuly
 last; and putting him in fear, and taking a base metal watch gilt with gold, value 6 l. a seal, value 2 d. a handkerchief, value 6 d. three guineas and thirteen shillings, his property
            .


                  JOHN
                   BLUCK
               



            , Esq. sworn.
I had been in company this day, and drank too much wine after dinner; I quitted Cheapside about six; and I do not recollect anything till about ten o'clock, when I found myself in a hackney coach; I remember getting into a hackney coach somewhere about Charing-cross; there I first missed my watch and money (as described in the indictment); then I drove home; I do not recollect when I saw the things before.
Prisoner. Do you recollect where you met with me first? - No, I do not.


                  WILLIAM
                   EDSON
               



             sworn.
I am a hair-dresser; about ten minutes past nine, I first saw Mr. Bluck in Little Scotland-yard; he was sitting down on the steps, very much in liquor; the prisoner had hold of his arm at the same time; I am sure it was him; I asked a lamp-lighter, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Tarrant
               



            , what was the matter; I looked at the soldier
, and said I knew him very well by sight; the soldier pretended to be offended with the gentleman, for not letting him ride in the coach; he said, he knew the gentleman; he did not mention any name; then I saw him take him through the other Scotland-yard


, opposite White-hall; and I saw him have his hand towards the gentleman's waistcoat or breeches pocket, taking out some silver, and count it towards the lamp, in his hand; the lamp was over his head.
Court. Did the gentleman attempt to make any resistance? - None; he was in the same condition he was before; then I went home; and the next morning, the prisoner's serjeant came to be dressed, and I told him.
Court. Did it appear to you, that the prisoner's hand was in either of his pockets? - It did.


                  THOMAS
                   TARRANT
               



             sworn.
I was lighting my lamps in Scotland-yard, and I saw this soldier and the gentleman standing together under the gateway; the gentleman was very much in liquor; he just helped him up; then he pretended to fetch a coach; and the gentleman fell down again; as he was lifting the gentleman up again, I saw him take the gentleman's watch out of his pocket; I said, you are going to make a property of the gentleman; if you are his friend, put him in a coach; I saw him in Little Scotland-yard; a hair-dresser came up, and I told him that the soldier had robbed the gentleman of his watch; I believe the soldier to be the man; I have no doubt at all.
Jury. And you left him with the gentleman, after you see him rob him? - Yes, I did; and I went to light my lamps.


                  JOHN
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I am a serjeant in the first regiment of guards; I took him up with the property on him; I was informed by Edson, who said he saw the prisoner, whom he knew, and described, rob a gentleman; I found upon him a metal watch, a white linen pocket-handkerchief, one guinea, and thirteen shillings; the prosecutor swore to the watch and handkerchief; I gave the things to the serjeant major.


                  JEREMIAH
                   HILL
               



             sworn.
The things were delivered to me; I produce them.
(The watch and handkerchief deposed to.)
Prosecutor. I know the watch by the maker, the dial, and the seal; I have no doubt; here are J. B. on this handkerchief; and I have a dozen of the same; the money I cannot swear to.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I met with this gentleman just at the corner of Exeter-change, with a great mob round him; he was very drunk;he got me to lead him along the Strand; and he gave me a shilling at first; I led him quite through Scotland-yard; he fell down all along on his back; he said he lived at Fulham, and wanted a coach; I called one as soon as I could; and he gave me his money and watch to take care of till he came to town again; he asked me what regiment I belonged to, and I told him; he tied up his money in the corner of his handkerchief, and gave it me; and I put it into my pocket; the next morning, on guard, the serjeant spoke to me; I told him I had not robbed any body; and he found the man's money upon me, tied up.
Williams. I said, Alsford, do you know that gentleman that you robbed last night; you will certainly be hanged if you do not give him his watch and money? he said, I have neither money nor watch; and I will report you to the commanding officer, for giving me the name of a thief; immediately, I saw something in his fob; says I, what is that? why, says he, I cannot deny it is the gentleman's watch; and he took it out; now, says I, where is the money? says he, you may search me all over; and I saw him pull a handkerchief out of his pocket; says he, that is the gentleman's handkerchief and money; and I immediately gave them to the serjeant major.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
