






173. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     LEE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MYERS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , on the 29th of January
, about the hour of three in the night, and stealing four wooden casks, value 2 s. three gallons of brandy, value 15 s. a gallon and a half of rum, value 7 s. three gallons of gin bitters, value 15 s. two gallons of rasberry, value 12 s. and two live rabbits, value 1 s. the property of the said David, in his dwelling house
            .
The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.


                  DAVID
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I keep the Black Horse, George-yard




; my house was broke open on Wednesday the 29th of January, in the night, the flap of the cellar was broke open.
Had you seen it fast in the course of the day? - Yes, we were alarmed by the watchman at five o'clock in the morning.
How was it fastened? - When it is shut down there is a door shuts over it, and there are two dogs go over the kirb to fasten it; that door was bolted.
How was it broke open? - The flap was forced away; I apprehend it had been pressed towards the house, and then they could raise it up; the kirb was left as it was; I lost the things in the indictment.
(Repeating them.)


                  THOMAS
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
On the 30th of January in the morning, I saw Lee with a cask under each arm; I asked him what he had got; he said he had got smuggled goods, and begged I would let him go on with them; I looked at the casks, and saw them marked with chalk, 
               
                  David
                   Jones
               



            ; I said, it was clear to me they were not smuggled goods, but he had stole them; I secured him, and took him to the watch-house; I called up Mr. Wilkie, and put the liquor into his house; then we fetched the liquor to the watch-house.
Are you sure Lee is the man? - Yes.
Counsel for the Prisoner. Lee was very drunk at this time? - No, he did not appear to be drunk at all.


                  WILLIAM
                   WITHERING
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman in Spitalfields, as I was going my rounds at the end of George-street, I heard somebody spring a rattle, I went up and found Harper had hold of the prisoner Lee; there were two casks of liquor with the name of Jones upon them; Mr. Wilkie called out of a window, and desired we would stop till he came down; we did, and put the casks in his house.
(
               
                  John
                   Harrison
               



            , a watchman, confirmed the evidence of the last witness.)


                  JOHN
                   WILKIE
               



             sworn.
I was called up by the watch on the 30thof January, in the morning; they left two kegs of liquor and two rabbits with me, (producing them) I have had them ever since; they had a young man in custody, but I cannot swear to him.
Counsel for the Prisoner. Where have the casks been kept? - In a garret in my house, where a lad sleeps.
Any body may come up into that garret? - Yes, any of the family might.
To Jones. You have been indicted for perjury? - No, my wife has.
Court. Look at these keggs, and see if they are yours? - I cannot read, I cannot swear to them; here is one of the distiller's men, who delivered them to me; I had casks of the same size, with the same liquor in them; one is raspberry gin, and the other is gin bitters.
What is the value of a keg of raspberry? - Four shillings and three-pence a gallon; a keg holds three gallons; the gin bitters are worth the same.


                  SAMUEL
                   CASLAND
               



             sworn.
I am a carman to Mess. Bird and Wood, distillers and rectifiers in Lion-street; these casks have my master's name upon them, and I delivered two of them and a cask of gin to the prosecutor, the name is burnt in
"B." and
"W." there is bitters in one, and raspberry in the other; I never taste the liquors, but there was
"Bitts." for bitters, marked with chalk, and
"Jones" under it; the other is
"Ras" that is what we call raspberry, and
"Jones" in chalk below; I delivered them some time in December, I cannot tell the day; we sign our name in the book before we go out.
Counsel for the Prisoners. Mess. Bird and Wood are very large dealers, and all their casks are marked B. and W? - Yes.
That is the common size of casks for the public trade? - Yes.
You put the name of Jones, which is the commonest name in town, to every cask that is sent to every person of that name? - Yes.
If Jones had sold it to any person, it would have appeared with the same marks? - No doubt.
Court. How many Jones's deal with your master? - I believe there is one other Jones.


                  THOMAS
                   CRAFT
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mess. Bird and Wood, distillers, the mark on these casks is my own mark, I do not recollect when they were sent; my business is to send them away by the carman.
Counsel for the Prisoners. If twenty casks went out in the name of Jones, you mark that mark upon them? - Yes.
To Harper. Where did you take the prisoner Lee? - In Wentworth-street, about three hundred yards, or not so much from the prosecutor's house.


                  WILLIAM
                   BEDWELL
               



             sworn.
The latter end of January, I cannot say what day, I, Myers, and Lee, were drinking at the Gun and Holly-bush, Back-lane; we agreed to go and break open some public-house, and get some liquor; we took with us an iron crow, dark lanthorn, matches, and tinder-box; about two o'clock we set out, and went to the Black Horse in George-yard, Whitechapel; Myers lifted up the flap of the cellar window and got down; he gave us up two rabbits and four casks of liquor; Myers took two, and Lee took two under his arm; we went up Wentworth-street, Lee was about twenty yards behind us; we heard the watchman catch hold of Lee, and ask what he had got there, and Myers ran one way, and I the other; I went home to bed, Lee was taken with the liquor upon him; I was taken a great while afterwards for another robbery; then I discovered this; Myers came to me in the morning, told me he had sold the liquor, and sent Lee the money.
Counsel for the Prisoners. How long have you been a thief? - About a twelvemonth.
How long ago is it since you were tried at Chelmsford? - In July last.
That was for striking a man? - No, Iwas taken up for a robbery; I was six months in gaol at Chelmsford.
You improved there, I suppose, very much; how many robberies did you plan in that gaol? - None, I never planned robberies in gaol.
How many have been executed for robberies you planned in Chelmsford gaol? - I never plan any robberies in gaol.
How many times have you carried property to Terry Finley's since that? - Three or four times.
These two rewards will be better than the robberies? - I do not expect to get nothing.
Upon your oath did not you think you should forfeit your life for this robbery which you committed singly, if you had not hooked in some other person as a companion? - I never did a robbery alone.
You turned evidence to save yourself from being hanged? - Yes.
Lee. I leave my defence to my Counsel.
(There being no evidence to affect Myers but that of the accomplice, he was not put on his defence.)
(Lee called 
               
                  Wm.
                   Marden
               



             his master, who gave him a good character.)
LEE, 


               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods to the value of 10 s. but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
MYERS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
