





777. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d day of August
 last, one pair of stuff shoes, value 2 s. and one pair of silver buckles, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Blakeley
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  CHARITY
                   BLAKELEY
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 8, Little Ayliffe-street, Goodman's-fields


; I am wife of 
               
                  Joseph
                   Blakeley
               



            ; I lost a pair of stuff-shoes, and a pair of silver shoe-buckles; they were worth ten shillings; I lost them the second of August, about one in the day, from the yard; I saw the prisoner 
               
                  John
                   Thompson
               



             going out of the yard, and I missed my things in fifteen minutes after; he had been at our house once before that day; the first time he came he asked me for some person which he called a Doctor; that was about fifteen minutes before the second time he came; I did not know any such Doctor; I thought it very odd his coming the second time; I looked in my parlour, and I missed my shoes and buckles from a dining table, facing the door; I ran out, and saw the prisoner half-way along the street; he was on the foot-path; I cried stop thief; he turned his head round his shoulders, and set off running as fast as he could.
When you first saw him on the footpath was he walking or running? - He was walking very fast, but not running; in consequence of my crying stop thief he was taken; he was out of my sight before he was taken; I saw him again in ten minutes in custody of Mr. Chambers; the shoes and buckles were found behind some sugar casks; when he first came to enquire for the Doctor he had a handkerchief tied down one side of his face, and one of his shoes down at heel; and when I saw him in custody of Mr. Chambers he was in the same dress then; I took notice of him the first time because he came to ask for a Doctor.


                  JOHN
                   CHAMBERS
               



             sworn
took a man with a handkerchief round his face, on the 22d of August, about one, in Rupert street; I was at dinner, and I heard the cry of stop thief! and I run down stairs, and I saw a man run along the street, which gave me a suspicion that he was the thief, I pursued him about four or five hundred yards, there were many people running.
Who run foremost? - I cannot say.
Was there anybody running before the prisoner? - I cannot say, but I believe there was, I believe he had a great coat on.
Did you observe anything about the prisoner's shoes or either of them? - He had one shoe down at heel, I believe.
Did you see that? - Yes, I saw a pair of shoes and buckles brought to the woman by a boy, they were brought while I was pursuing the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   WELSH
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner, but I cannot tell how long ago, nor what day it was, I know 
               
                  Charity
                   Blakeley
               



            , I heard the cry of stop thief! and I saw the prisoner running, and he hid a pair of shoes and buckles behind some sugar hogsheads, and I found them there, there were two men close at his heels, and I saw him throw them down, and I picked them up, and gave them to the prosecutor; the prisoner had a handkerchief about his head.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have witnesses to my character, and a witness that the lad said, I was not the person, when he first saw me.
The prisoner called two more witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GOULD.
