





723. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     MOLLOY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
 last, sixteen yards of printed cotton, value 34 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Noble
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   NOBLE
               



             sworn.
I am a mercer and draper
 in Tavistock-street, Covent-garden


; I was not in town when the prisoner came.


                  THOMAS
                   NELSON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the last witness; on Wednesday, the 26th of August last, between three and four, the prisoner in company with two other women, came into the shop, and desired to look at some prints for a gown and coat; I was at that time serving the next witness, and a relation of hers in the lower part of the shop; I left them to go to the prisoner; and the other two in the middle of the shop; and went with them to the further and narrow part of the shop; and took a considerable number of prints out of the shop; while I was doing that, a very dirty man came in, and took hold of a silk in the window; I immediately got over the counter to speak to him; he did not speak to either of the women; I turned my back to the women; after he had handled the silk, he said it was too thin for a waistcoat, and went away; I returned behind the counter, and the women found fault, and took more pieces out of the window of themselves; then one of them said they would bring a pattern; I do not know which it was said so; on that, they went out of the shop; I accompanied them to the door; and observed the prisoner had something very bulky under her petticoats, as she walked very bad; the next witness came to me, and said he was certain the prisoner had something; I followed the women, and desired the prisoner to walk into the shop again, which she did; and in the space where the flap turns back to admit us behind the counter, she dropped this piece of print; I saw her drop it; I detained her, and sent for one of the Bow-street runners; she begged pardon, and offered to do any thing for me she could, if I would let her go; and affected to cry very much; she was taken away.
Court. What may be the value of this? - Thirty-four shillings.
Is it printed cotton? - Yes.
Is it your master's? - Yes.
Court. Could not you form any judgment at all, when these women were in the shop, at what time she took it? - I conceive she took it when the man was in the shop; I had no suspicion she had any thing, till I saw the bulk before her.



                  CATHERINE
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I was in the shop at this time.
Who was in the shop at that time? - A relation of mine, who came out of the country.
Is that relation here? - No; as the prisoner was going out of the shop, I saw a great bulk under her petticoats; and I told Mr. Nelson; I saw her brought back; I saw her shake her petticoats; and it dropped from her, I am very sure.
Did you see her take it? - No.
(The cotton deposed to by the prosecutor, by the mark and pattern.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went with an acquaintance to buy a gown; the gentleman pulled down a great many things; there was nothing she liked; coming out, he said come back; and the piece of linen was laying behind the counter; and he said I put it there; the other man went away.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
