






711. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CROWLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WELCH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th day of July
 last, one pair of men's leather shoes, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Day
                  




               
            .
Miss DAY sworn.
I am the prosecutor's daughter; on Tuesday about nine in the morning, the two prisoners came into the shop; they did not come in together; Crowley asked for a pair of shoes; he tried them on, and went out of the shop; he came in again, and asked me to let him look at them again; they both went out of the shop together; Crowley said, he would have that pair of shoes he had tried on first; then he told me to fit the boy
 with a pair, and the man kept close to the glass case all the time; I did not see him take any; then he said, he had no change; when he got change he would pay for them; they were pursued, and a pair of shoes were found upon him; I know the shoes by the mark; they were No. 3, my father's writing; they were marked S. W. by Mr. Scott; I saw the shoes that day.


                  ALEXANDER
                   SCOTT
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday the 25th of July, I saw the two prisoners run across the way, from the Church to Union-court, and at the end of the court, Crowley turned his head; they got into a timber merchant's yard, which is no thoroughfare; there I saw Crowley take the shoes from under his left side, and give them to the other prisoner; the little one said, he had just bought them of a Jew; says Crowley, he will go with you and shew you the man, he is over the way now; accordingly the great one followed me, and the little one began to look under the apple-stalls; I said, you do not think the Jew is gone to bed; and while I was talking the little one ran up Shoe-lane, and the prisoner Crowley ran down Holborn, and I ran after the boy up Shoe-lane.
JOHNATHAN WILKINS sworn.
I saw Scott talking to the prisoner; I ran after the boy; he was committed; I did not see Crowley run.
(The shoes deposed to.)
PRISONER CROWLEY'S DEFENCE.
I was going home to breakfast, and I met this lad, and two or three more, talking to a Jew; I stood and looked on while they bargained for a pair of shoes, and the boy reached them to me, and asked me if they were worth the money; then the constable came up, and the boy told him he bought them of a Jew.
Prisoner Welch. I had been at work; I bought the shoes of a Jew for four shillings and sixpence.
The prisoner Crowley called four witnesses to his character.


                  CHARLES
                   CROWLEY
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            ,
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .


                  JOHN
                   WELCH
               



            , GUILTY,





               To be Whipped
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
