





651. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NEALE
                  



               
             was again indicted, for 


               stealing, on the 3d of August
 last, one brass stamp, value 4 s. 6 d. ninety-six metal coat buttons, value 5 s. fifteen steel beads, value 1 s. a book, value 1 s. and one watch key, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bentley
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BENTLEY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was entrusted in my warehouse, as my servant
, I had frequently missed things from my warehouse for a fortnight before, my suspicion on the 3d of August, fell on the prisoner; I charged him with having robbed me, he told me he had bought those things at a stall; being certain that was a falsity; he then told me he gave 3 s. for them, to the boy that lives in my house; I had him taken up, and he was committed; these things were found at his lodgings, in Fetter-lane; I went with the constable, and the prisoner; the constable has the things in his possession.
- SPATEMAN sworn.
I am constable, I found at the prisoner's lodgings these goods; Charles Allen has had the possession of them ever since they were taken out of his box.
CHARLES ALLEN sworn.
I took these things out of two boxes, in the box were found four duplicates of the prisoner's in his apartment; he gave up the keys of his boxes.
(The goods produced and deposed to by Mr. Bentley.)


                  WILLIAM
                   TYLER
               



             sworn.
I live in Fetter-lane; I have known the prisoner five months, he lodged with me, and behaved very well, and very honest.


                  JOSEPH
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
He always bore a good character.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The book he produces now, was one of the books the boy had robbed him of; the prosecutor gave me orders to collect them in, wherever I could find them; this was one of them; the watch chain I had wore two months in his house; the other things I made myself while I was at Birmingham, where I learned the trade.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
