





200. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     COZENS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, a card of black lace, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Griffiths
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  GEORGE
                   GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 7, Houndsditch


, on Monday the 9th of February, I was at dinner; a bell is hung in the room where I was at dinner, the pull of which was in the shop; I went up stairs, and found my man had hold of the collar of a boy, which is the prisoner; he told me he had taken some lace; I went for a constable, and took him before the Lord Mayor, and he was committed.


                  JOHN
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
On Monday about one o'clock, the prisoner came into Mr. Griffiths's shop, and while I was busied with a lady, he drew back the sash, and took out a piece of lace; I did not see him do it, but I heard the noise of the sash, and when I came there I missed the lace; I went up to the prisoner, and asked him what he wanted, and I discovered the card of lace under his coat; I took him by the collar, there was another that came in with him, but he made off; I suppose the prisoner to be the man that took the lace, for the other was on the other side of the shop.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went into the shop to buy a pair of stockings; I heard something knock against the window, and I went out, and there I picked up the lace, and I brought it in, and came to the compter, and he took me by the collar.
Court to Johnson. Is that true? - Somebody did knock against the window, but the prisoner never went out.
(The lace deposed to by Griffiths and Johnson.)
Johnson. When Mr. Griffiths came up into the shop, the prisoner went on his knees, and offered to give him all the money he had if he would let him go free.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
