






211. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LACY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BRYAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of February
 instant, five linen shirts, value 20 s. nine linen stocks, value 9 s. one linen handkerchief, value 1 s. one pair of muslin ruffles, value 2 s. two cotton night caps, value 1 s. two linen night caps, value 1 s. one silk hat-band, value 2 d. one cloth waistcoat, value, 5 s. one pair of black velveret breeches, value 1 s. one thickset frock and waistcoat, value 15 s. one white dimity waistcoat, value 5 s. and one hair trunk, value 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Fairer
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Elizabeth
                         Turner
                     



.


                  ALEXANDER
                   FAIRER
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 14, Adam and Eve Court


, at Mrs. 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Turner
               



            's house, I lost my trunk on the 11th of this month, the trunk contained the things mentioned in the indictment; I saw it that day about six, and it was gone at seven; I went out and left 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Turner
               



             in the house, and a boy ten years of age, his name is 
               
                  William
                   Clayton
               



            ; I came home after seven, Mrs. Turner and the boy were both in the house, and the things were gone, I found my things by advertisement.
(The things deposed so.)


                  HENRY
                   SAMUEL
               



            , sworn.
On the 12th of this month, I set at home at dinner, and the prisoner Lacy came jumping into my house, he had a brown coat on then, he looked about him, says he, I believe I am right, I came about some linen, you said you would call on me this evening, says I, you are mistaken, he said I will come again, he went out, and I sent my servant maid out after him, to see which way he was gone, I did not like the looks of him: she said he was gone up Whitechapel; about two minutes after he and the other prisoner Bryan, came in with the bag, says I, what is in that bag, he said it was linen; so I said, let us see it, he began to pull out; I was frightened out of my wits, I never saw nor heard of such things; says Lacy, if you buy them, you may have the bag full every morning; says I, it is the wrong house, says I, what do you ask for them, he said two guineas and a half, I sent out a boy to get me a constable, my next door neighbour was not at home, I sent for another; when they found what I was upon, this Lacy tried to run away, I ran after him, and dragged him in, and kept him; they fetched Lyons the officer, he examined him, and found a handkerchief and knife; Mr. Wilmot desired me to pay the money for the advertisement, which I did, and this gentleman came and swore to the goods.
PRISONER LACY's DEFENCE.
About ten on Wednesday, this lad came to me, he had just done his work, he said he had seen such a thing; I came out and went where this parcel was laying, hid in a bag, and we went to some Jew, to know where we could sell it, and he told us of one Manuel in Petticoat-lane, and they recommended us to this Samuel, and he stopped us, and brought us to a magistrate.
PRISONER BRYAN's DEFENCE.
I saw the bag lay at the corner of Sheppard-street, in the old house that was burned down, and we asked a Jew what to do with it, and he recommended us to one Manuel; we have no witnesses.


                  ELIZABETH
                   LACY
               



             sworn.
I have no further to say than that my son was at home and at work, I am a lace maker, a Buckinghamshire, woman; a young lad came and called him out about ten o'clock.
What day are you speaking of? - On the Wednesday morning as night as I can say, he went away directly, I never saw no more of him till the Saturday morning, he sent me word he was at Clerkenwell.
BOTH 


               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
