






821. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     DAWSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th Day of July
 last, one silver watch, value 40 s. one seal, value 1 s. one key, value 1 d. and a hook, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Robinson
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   ROBINSON
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of July last, about eleven in the evening, I was going home to bed, and in Fleet-market


, the prisoner met me, and he gave me a jostle, and snatched my watch from my pocket, I followed him, and I found him laid down flat on his face; I saw Woodward get the watch from Barragen; the prisoner was never out of my sight.


                  JOHN
                   BARRAGEN
               



             sworn.
As I was going down Fleet-lane to the market in July last, I heard the cry of stop thief, and the prisoner came with the watch, and cried stop thief; I took the watch out of his hand, I am sure of that, and gave it to 
               
                  Charles
                   Woodward
               



            .
Prisoner. That man and I had a long scuffle; I challenged him, and the thief got clear away.


                  CHARLES
                   WOODWARD
               



             sworn.
As I was coming down Fleet-lane I saw the prisoner call stop thief; he was running, so I ran up to the side of him, and there was another man met him full in the face, and he fell close on his face, and he was trying to put the watch into a cellar, and I saw the other young man take it from him, and he gave it to me.
(The watch produced, and deposed to.)
Prisoner. I hope you will hear my witnesses examined.
Prosecutor and Roberts. We have had very great insults from two or three people now at the door.
The prisoner's three witnesses called in and sworn.
Court. Let the other two go out; but let an officer go with them.


                  ROBERT
                   MATTHISON
               



             sworn.
I am a clockmaker in Shoe-lane, I work with Samuel Row, who lives the corner of Harp-alley; I am not come with a design to vindicate the conduct of the prisoner, nor do I know any thing of the robbery; I am come to let you know that I am sensible there is a man here that would not be here if it was not for the reward; a few days after the prisoner was committed, Woodward took an opportunity while I was in the shop with him, I am a shop-mate of his, to propose bringing ten pounds to me to go into the country, to be in partnership with him; this was after the prisoner was committed, he said I seemed surprised how he should come by ten pounds, he told me if I would keep it a secret he would let me know; he said he had an affair in hand that would bring in some money, upon which I promised secresy, not knowing the business; at this time nobody was present but us two; he then told me, he had stopped a thief, I observed to him I did not think it was in his power, because I thought he was so slight; he then acknowledged that Woodward took the watch out of his hand, and gave it to the owner, and that there was forty pounds reward, and ten pounds from the parish, and that he and the Irishman would have it between them, I told him that I thought it was more likely that the prosecutor and constable would have the reward; he said that he knew better how to go about the business this time than he did the last, alluding to a similar circumstance, and that the patrol and the constable, and the prosecutor would have none of the money, for they did not know any thing about it.
How came you to think this would be at all material to the prisoner? - As I was convinced in my own mind that he was actuated by a bad principle.
No bad principle at all if he speaks the truth.
Court to Roberts. Has this witness misbehaved? - He was one of those at the Pitt's head that was abusing Woodward, and called him blood-hound, and I told him yesterday that if he persisted in that behaviour in order to intimidate an evidence, I would bring him into court, and he desisted upon that.
Woodward. Upon this they they have discharged me from my business.
Prosecutor. He has been with me once or twice to get what he could out of me.
Court to Roberts. Was Woodward attending here upon the court when this man insulted him? - Yes, my Lord.
This man knew that he was attending for that purpose? - Yes.
Court. Swear Woodward to that and I will commit this man to Newgate.
Woodward. Please your Lordship, he has been about to all the masters of the trade to hinder me from business.
Court. That is a very imporper conduct, but not within the jurisdiction of the court? - We were in the publichouse yesterday getting a little refreshment, and he came in with two or three more, and he stood up, and after that he called out of the window as far as ever he could see me, ah! you blood-hound, you blood-hound, and the people got round so, he has done all he could to hinder me from attending upon the court.
Court. Let him be committed to Newgate.


                  JAMES
                   MAUL
               



             sworn.
I live in Shoe-lane, No. 77, I am a clock-maker, I work for Mr. Rowe, the principal thing that I know is from the last evidence, that is from Matthison, from that I took occasion to ask Woodward if he would be an evidence against a man if it was not for the sake of the reward, and he asked me if I would work a week's work for my master, if I did not expect to be paid for it; I said no; then said he, what would you have.
Woodward. My Lord, this man has not insulted me while I was attending in the court.
Court. Then he may depart.


                  JAMES
                   THORPE
               



             sworn.
I am a brass-founder in Peter-street, Saffron-hill; I was in company with the prosecutor one evening, and I heard him say he thought Mr. Woodward was a busy man, and he called out hold him fast, there is forty pounds reward.
Prosecutor. This man never insulted the witness.
Court. Let him go.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
