





532. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     HUDSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th day of March
 last, eight hempen coal sacks, value 20 s. one hair cloth covered, value 20 s. three live hens, value 3 s. and one live Turkey, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Holmes
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   HOLMES
               



             sworn.
On the 14th of March, I perceived I had been robbed, I live in Kentish Town; and deal in coals, there had been a little snow in the night, and I traced some footsteps, and I found a part of the property concealed which contained eight coal sacks, and I left a man to watch them, to see who would come for them, I lost three hens and one turkey.


                  JOHN
                   CLARK
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the last witness, on Sunday March 14th, my master and I went and traced the man over the field, to some old buildings, and we found a coal-sack there, I waited, and about six at night, I walked down the road towards Kentish-Town and up the field again, and as I came back again, I perceived two men taking them out of the place, that was about six o'clock on the 14th of March, they were in two parcels, I pursued them over the fields into Islington road, and then the patrol pursued them, and I lost sight of them and the patrol too, I never lost sight of them before the patrol took them.
Was the prisoner one of these persons that took the sack? - Yes.

How near was you to them? - As near as I am to you, and he turned round, and seeing me pursuing he said he would not be taken, they both run for it immediately, there was several people that run in the field, but nobody any further but himself.
Court. Is the patrol here that took him? - No.
Prisoner. When you called to me first, and told me the property belonged to you, I said if it belongs to you take it, it is not mine, and I put it down immediately? - I asked him where he was going with them, he turned and threw down the sacks, and said he would not be taken.
Prisoner. I have witnesses to call, at the first hearing the prosecutor did not know how many sacks there were; on Sunday I went as far as Islington after a shop-mate of mine, I went from there to Holloway, and they said he lived at Kentish Town, I could not hear of him, I went to the Blue-last, at Kentish Town, and drank two pints of beer, I was coming home and had occasion to ease myself, and these things lay in this old ruinous place, and I took up part of them, I had not carried them above twenty yards before this young man called to me, and said it was his property, I said they were not mine, he might take them, and I laid them down immediately.
The Prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.
(The things produced.)
Court. Is there any mark on them? - There is none on them.
You say these are the sacks your master lost? - Yes.
And they were dropped by the prisoner? - Yes.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
