





135. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HAYLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 10th of January
 instant, one hempen bag, value 2 s. and 280 lb. weight of hops; value 9 l. 7 s. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               

                        Henry 
                        Goodwin
                     



                   and Co.










                  THOMAS
                   THORNTON
               



             sworn.
I am a partner in the brewing trade, with 
               
                  Henry
                   Goodwin
               



            , 
               
                  James
                   Bracey
               



             Perry, and 
               
                  Erasmus
                   Maddox
               



            ; they lost a quantity of hops, but we first discovered it on Friday the 10th of January, when we came to count our bags over, we missed eleven bags; our clerk can particularize the bag better than I can.


                  BRYAN
                   VALENTINE
               



             ROBINSON sworn.
I am clerk to the brewery; we missed several bags on the 10th of January; and I was desired to count them over: the prisoner at the bar was found with one of the bags upon him.


                  SAMUEL
                   YARDLEY
               



             sworn.
Last Friday week, in the morning about six, I was patroling the street; and in Whitechapel I stopped a horse and cart; the prisoner at the bar drove it; I asked him who it belonged to; he said, he was going to carry hops, to one Mr. Chase, a brewer at Tottenham; I told him I believed it was false; I permitted him to go on; and I followed the cart unknown to him, into Bishopsgate-street; the cart stopped there; then I told him that I saw he was not going to Tottenham; and I took him by the collar, and told him, he should go with me before a magistrate; he told me, if I would let him go, he would tell me the truth about the robbery; I told him I should not let him go, and I would know the truth likewise; we went into a publick house, and the prisoner told me, he took them that morning from Ratcliffe-cross, out of a warehouse; he and Milton, (who was convicted this morning) I found by enquiring that these premises from whence they were taken belonged to the prosecutors.
(The hops deposed to, the value of them is 9 l. 7 s. 6 d.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have no witnesses; I leave it to the mercy of you and the gentlemen.



               GUILTY
            ,




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
