





11. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MATHEWS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th day of March
 last, one piece of bombazeen, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Dowling
                  



               
            , the elder
, and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Dowling
                  



               
            , the younger
.


                  EDWARD
                   DOWLING
               



            , the elder, sworn.
I am partner with my son 
               
                  Edward
                   Dowling
               



            ; we are stuff warehouse-keepers

; I lost the piece of bombazeen mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner was my servant
; he had been a porter
 better than a year and a half; in June 1786 I went to Bath and Bristol on business; on my return I found the prisoner had been discharged; and in cleaning the cellar there was a pawnbroker's ticket found by a witness who is in court; the ticket was brought to me; upon examining the ticket, I perceived the name
"Mr. Matthews, one bombazeen 60 yards" and a number to it; there was so far back as the 11th of March, 1786; the prisoner was then in my service; I went to Mr. 
               
                  Parker
               


             the pawnbroker, the next street to me; and in consequence of his information, I went to the office of Sir Sampson Wright with the ticket, and I went to Mr. Page in Chissel-street, and shewed it to him; his servant is here, and he shewed me a piece of bombazeen; when we have them from our manufacturer's we always put a number in the numerical book; and I saw that colour as it is dyed by the dyer, with the number upon it; examining the bombazeen we found a number upon it; upon examining the numberwith my check book, and my sale book, I found I never had sold it.
What do you call the check book? - A numerical book; I think it was 1853, and the mark the same number; likewise on the stick it was rolled upon; I have no doubt but it is my bombazeen; I missed a great deal more, but that was the only thing I recovered; when the prisoner was examined, he acknowledged taking it to Sir 
               
                  William
                   Plomer
               



            .
Did you, or any body in your presence, before the magistrate, give him any hopes of mercy? - None at all; I was told by Mr. Kirby, that he wanted to make a confession, and I had lost a considerable property.


                  DANIEL
                   WITHAM
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the prosecutor; I was not in his service at the time the prisoner was; I found the duplicate in the cellar; I gave it to my master directly; I produce the bombazeen which I had from Mr. Page, the pawnbroker; I brought it myself; I was before the magistrate; I do not remember hearing the prisoner say any thing there that was material.
- LARON sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Page, the pawnbroker; I know the prisoner; he brought the bombazeen and pledged it with me; I never saw him before; I have no doubt about his person; I gave him a ticket which I should know again; it is my own writing. (Shewn to the Jury; the bombazeen produced and deposed to.) I gave it to the witness Witham; I was present before the Magistrate; I did not hear him say any thing.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
