





583. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     MATTHYSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of May
, one gold watch, value 20 l. two cornelian seals set in gold, value 6 l. one stone seal set in gold, value 20 s. one gold watch chain, value 8 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Adair
                  




               
            , Esq
; one of his Majesty's Serjeants at law
.


                  JAMES
                   ADAIR
               



            , Esq; sworn.
My Lord, on the 17th of this month I was at Covent Garden, the day that the election closed; I was going from the corner of Henrietta-street towards Southampton-street, the crowd was very great, I pressed through it with some difficulty, and I got near the corner of Southampton-street, it was then I think about half past two in the afternoon, when I came near the corner of Southampton-street, the obstruction was increased by two men who were either quarrelling, or pretending to quarrell, I found some difficulty in attempting to pass, and I observed that one man, which ever way I pushed in order to pass, pushed against me; after this had happened two or three times, it drew my attention, and I was perfectly convinced that it was done on purpose, that man was the prisoner at the bar.
Court. Are you sure of it Sir? - I am quite certain of it, I have no doubt, for the reasons I shall tell your Lordship presently; when I was convinced it was done on purpose, I laid hold of him, and gave him a pretty violent push past me, telling him to go one way or the other, I had buttoned up the chain and seals of my watch in my breeches pocket, which buttons very tight, just at the instant when I had pushed this man past me, I felt a violent pull at my watch chain, I immediately looked down, and I saw the watch in the prisoner's hand, just moving from my fob, I immediately laid hold of him with one hand by the arm that had the watch, and with the other by the collar, but in the very instant of my laying hold of him, the watch passed from him in such a manner that I could not discern whether he threw it on the ground, or gave it to any body behind him; I then laid hold of him with both my hands to his collar, and endeavoured to drag him along towards the place where the constables stood; there were a number of people round, who endeavoured to force in between us, and several of them endeavoured to drag him the opposite way, I dragged him with a great deal of resistance from himself and others, but no blows were struck either by him or any body else, for about forty yards, I believe, and when I had got him near the constables, he made a violent effort, and there loosed from one of my hands, and then I had not strength to hold him with the other hand, and then I was separated from him by the crowd; during that time I had frequently called on people to assist me, so that the cry was known by the mob, for the struggle lasted several minutes, and he went down Henrietta-street, as I could perceive by the mob going that way, but I could not perceive him for the mob, I pursued the way I understood he was gone, as far as Charing Cross, and these I dropped the pursuit; he was afterwards taken, and I believe there is another witness who will inform your lordship where, for I do not know myself but from hearsay, I had him the whole time face to face, as I held him with both hands, and walked myself backwards, and dragged him in that way the greatest part of the time, his face was within a foot of me, I have not the smallest doubt of his face, though he was a stranger to me before, I know his face as well as any man's; he had at the time of the struggle a black patch on his nose, but when he was brought before the Justice, the patch was taken off; while I was giving information at Sir Sampson Wright's, he was brought in between six and seven o'clock, I knew him in a moment without the least doubt or difficulty.
Court. Give me up the indictment? - It is laid as a single felony, the watch was a gold one, with inside and outside cases, and a gold chain, and three seals set in gold, as stated in the indictment.


                  BENJAMIN
                   AKERS
               



             sworn.
The first I saw of it was the side of Henrietta-street, Covent Garden, I saw Mr. Adair have hold of the prisoner, with that I tried to make through the mob to get to him, I heard Mr. Adair say he had lost his watch, and that the prisoner had it in his hand, with that I endeavoured to get nearer to him, and I heard Mr. Adair say he had dropped it, I pushed the people away to see where he had dropped it, but there were so many people I could not see it nor what became of it; Mr. Adair had hold of him at the same time, I held the prisoner's coat, but he got away from me, and the mob closed in and kept him from me, and he run down Henrietta-street, then I went through the crowd, and followed him down Chandos-street, I came up with him in a passage and stopped him, and I could not get any assistance, and the people said, did he pick your pocket? I said no, he has picked the Recorder's pocket in Covent Garden; he got away and I pursued him again and stopped him, two men got him away, then, I pursued him to the King's Mews, and took him there; I thought I would stop till the gentleman came up, I got the prisoner to sit down on a stone, and one of the servants came up and said he should not stay there, I should either duck him or let him go, upon which he readily got up from the stone, and got to Spring Gardens, he was stopped there, and I had him brought back to the Mews again, they wanted to duck him, I desired them not, because the gentleman would be there in a minute; he seemed inclinable to go in, I said if you do, I will not leave you till the gentleman comes, he went in without his shoes, and a soldier came and pushed him backwards, he desired him to let him go, he said he had suffered enough, he got out of the pond at another part, and was going off again, I asked the people round to assist me in taking him to the Justice's, some said has he robbed you? I said no, he has robbed a gentleman of his watch, and a gentleman came up and said, I will assist you, and we took him to Justice Hyde's, and I left a notice at Mr. Adair's, when I came back he was removed to Sir Sampson Wright's, and he was committed.
Prisoner. Was it not by your desire that I was used so ill? - No, Sir, I persuaded him and them not to do it, and moreover, a hundred times I suppose, I persuaded them that he should not go in.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say in my defence; what my prosecutor says is very just, but the evidence has not told you how cruelly I was used, I was afterwards ducked in a cistern.



               GUILTY
            .
Court. The Recorder has, with great humanity, laid this only as a single felony, which he might have laid capitally.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
