






524. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LUCAR
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROCHE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing eighty-four pounds weight of lead, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Dowling
                        




                     
                  , fixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE
                   DOWLING
               



             sworn.
I live at Mile-end New-Town


; on the 23d day of June I lost this lead from the gutter, I saw it the evening before; I was called up at two o'clock in the morning, but there was nobody there; I went to bed again and arose at five, and went up to the top of the house, and the lead was gone from the gutter; I was informed two men were taken up for stealing lead; I went to Justice Staples's, and saw the lead there,it was opened there, we took it to the place from whence it was taken, and compared it, and it fitted exactly; it was taken from a shed behind my house.
Mr. Peatt, Prisoner's Counsel. The lead is of the usual size as is put on other places? - Certainly, but this fitted exactly.


                  SIMEON
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
The watchman called me up on Wednesday morning, and I saw Roche and Lucar in Lamb's-alley, with the lead on their shoulders; I saw them throw it through a hole into an empty house; I called to my father, and he went and put his hand upon the lead, and I watched the two prisoners, and as they came down the alley back again, we took them; one of the prisoners, Lucar, 
               
                  drew
               


             a knife, but not opened, and said he would cut out b - dy livers; we sent for Mr. Naish to our assistance, who took the lead in his care; they were out of sight for about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; I am certain they are the same men I saw with the lead.


                  JAMES
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
I am father to the former witness; I never quitted the lead till the prisoners came back; I had a pistol with me, and Mr. James came to my assistance, and we took them.
Mr. Peatt. Were not the prisoners at large after they were first apprehended? - They got away by struggling.


                  WILLIAM
                   JAMES
               



             sworn.
I was called up at four o'clock on the alarm of thieves, I came down directly, and Lucar surrendered himself to me, and the other was taken directly.


                  ALEXANDER
                   STEVENSON
               



             sworn.
On the 24th of June I went to the office and measured the lead, and found it exactly corresponded; then I took the lead and fitted it to the place, and it fitted exactly; the lead was thirteen feet long.
Jury. Have you any doubt of its being the same lead? - I have no doubt at all but it is the same lead.
(The lead produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER ROCHE's DEFENCE.
I was going through Spicer-street, and I met Lucar, we were going to work, and going down Lamb-alley Naish came up and took us.
PRISONER LUCAR's DEFENCE.
I met Roche in Lamb-alley, and we went to have a pint of beer; and on going along, one of the witnesses came and put a pistol to Roche's head, and took my knife out of my pocket.
The prisoner. Lucar called two witnesses who gave him a good character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
