





298. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITAKER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a quantity of brass and tin ware
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hind
                  




               
            .


                  John
                   Hind
               



            , tinman and pewterer
, deposed, that the prisoner lived as a porter
 with him, that he, the witness, saw some old broken cock brass hid in the cellar, and in order to discover how it came there, he put his apprentice into a charcoal hole and covered him over with bags, where he could see the metal and any body that took it, that he staid half an hour and sent the prisoner down to clean his shoes, immediately as soon he had cleaned his shoes he came up stairs and went out of the shop, he heard him blundering as he came up, and he said to his apprentice, Whitaker has got it; that he then went out ten yards and called after him, and said he wanted to speak to him; that he came back and said,
"Sir, I have done a wrong thing," and began to take the brass out of his pocket and laid it on the counter, said it was his property, threw himself prostrate at his feet, and wanted to take hold of them to kiss them, as he supposes; he told him to get up, as it enraged him very much, in the morning he, the witness, went to the prisoner's apartments, in the mean time the prisoner attempted to make an end of himself; that he found the tin ware in his room that had been taken away by him from his shop, he sent to the prisoner's wife and told her about it, and she shewed him, the things: (the things were then produced in court) there was a quart jack, a half pint jack, a pint-and-a-half saucepan, a tinder-box, two pewter pepper castors, an oil pot, a pewter bottom, and a rough bottom, as they are first cast; likewise some broken brass, which the prosecutor said came out of a bag of broken brass that belonged to him; he said he would not swear to all the articles that were then produced, but only to some of them.


                  Thomas
                   Rudd
               



            , the apprentice, confirmed his master's account.
Samuel Bridge, journeyman to the prosecutor, deposed that he knew those things that were produced to be Mr. Hind's, for that he had made a part of them, in particular he had tipped a jack which was then produced.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am innocent of the affair I am accused of, it was done the night I was in the cellar, I was asked to take it away, I never saw the prosecutor, I told him afterwards I got it from Mr. Gibbons.
Prosecutor. He said his fellow servant asked him to take it away, I asked him whose it was, he told me it was his own, he had got it from the skimmings, as for the other things he brought them down from his apartments, every one of them; and the oil pot in particular he told me that he desired him to let him leave it at his house.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               Transported to the East-Indies for seven Years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
