





745. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     ANDERSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d day of July
 last, one piece of gold coin, called half a guinea, value 10 s. 6 d. and eight shillings in money, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Shepstone
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   SHEPSTONE
               



             sworn.
On the 22d of July last, in the morning, I had been in company with my brother who came from the country, to shew him his quarters in Smithfield; it was past twelve, I was coming down to the Strand to my lodging in Buckingham-street; my landlord and landlady were gone to bed, I could not get in; it was between one and two; then I went to the Prince's-head to get some beer, and they were gone to bed; then I thought I would walk about till morning, and walking towards Charing-cross, this woman met me, and asked me where I was going; I told her I was locked out of my lodging, and was walking about till my landlord got up; she said she had got a very good room, she paid three shillings a week for it, and I should be welcome to go and stay there, and stay two or three hours, and longer if I chose; she said it was at Westminster; I asked her if it was a quiet lodging; she said it was, and I should be very safe; she took a key out of her pocket, and she told me that was the key of her room, and no one had a right there but herself; I went with her to Old-pye-street


; she took me up two pairs of stairs, and unlocked the door with the same key; we went in, and she locked it after us; then she asked me for a shilling; I gave her one; I sat at the side of the bed, and she stood at the window; I told my money that I had in my pocket, one half guinea, and eight shillings and sixpence in silver; then she asked me why I did not go to bed, I might as well go and sleep a bit as sit there; and after some time I went to bed; some time afterwards about four o'clock, I saw her going across the room with her clothes on; I asked her where she was going; she said she was going down stairs, and she would be up again directly;she went down, and in the course of ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after, a soldier came into the room; he asked me what I did there; I told him a woman brought me there; he said she had no right, it was his place, and he swore that if I did not get down directly, he would bundle me down neck and heels; I was getting up, and looking round for my breeches which lay on the bed, I found only one sixpence left; I went into the street, and found the prisoner with this soldier drinking at the Blue-posts; I accused her of robbing me; the soldier said he would split my head if I mentioned it; I said she had, for no person had been in the room from the time we came in, to the time we came out, for I had not been in sleep; two more men came, and they desired her to go off; they put her out of the yard backwards, but I would not let her go, and 
               
                  Davis
               


             the landlord said if I made a noise, he would turn me out of the house, and they kept me in the passage, and they let her go out backwards; I overtook her, and the men came after me, and beat me, and got her from me again; I was obliged to let her go; I secured her the Tuesday evening following; she said she knew nothing of me, but after at Mr. Abington's office, she said she had the money, and if in case I would take such a person's word or his note, she would pay me so much a week; I heard her say so; there was no promise made.
Prisoner. He has sworn as false as God Almighty is true.


                  JOHN
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I keep the sign of the Blue-posts, in Great Peter-street, Westminster.
Do you know any thing of this matter? - I know nothing about it; he subpoened me; I do not know what for.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went to Mr. Davis's house to have a quartern of gin, on Sunday morning seven weeks ago, there was a soldier sitting there having a pint of ale, and the prosecutor came in and said to the soldier, how do you do? I said I do not know him; says he, madam, I will make you know me. I live, my Lord, in St. Ann's-lane; he insisted on taking me into custody; he used me extremely ill, and there was a great mob.
Court to Prosecutor. Are you sure this woman is the same person? - Yes, my Lord, that is the woman which robbed me, and she acknowledged it at the Justice's, and I believe it was 
               
                  John
                   Davis
               



            's Brother that is here now present; she was examined by Mr. Abington three times.
Prisoner. There is the gentlemen that heard me; I never owned to the money.
Court. Is there an examination returned? - No.
Court to Davis. How long have you known her? - Six or seven years; I never heard of her robbing any body; she is an unfortunate girl.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
