









521. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BARBER
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BANTUM
                  , otherwise 
TENTON




            , 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BRADY
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     ROSE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Price
                        



                     
                  , in the house of 
                     
                        William
                         Woodley
                     



                   on the 13th of July

 last, and taking from his person and against his will, one silver watch, value 40 s. half a guinea and 6 s. 6 d. in monies numbered, his property
            ; and 
               
                  William Woodley

               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said watch at the house aforesaid, knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  JOHN
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoners. The 13th of July last, about ten at night I went into the prisoner Woodley's house, at the bottom of Chick-lane



, for a pint of beer, he keeps a public-house
; the prisoner Barber came and sat down by me, she asked me to go up stairs with her, I went with her; she wanted me to go on the bed with her; and I did not chuse it; I went to go out of the room, and I put my hand on the catch of the door, upon which some crockery ware fell down behind me, and I turned round, and the man Trenton, and two other women came into the room, their names are 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Rose
               



            , and 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Brady
               



            , they said had done damage, and should pay for it; I asked what damage, they said a great deal, and I must pay. I could get no answer how much, I turned to go to the window to open it to call the neighbours in, they pulled me back by the skirts of my coat, the man had his back against the door, and prevented my going out; I desired them civilly to let me go and to know the damage, if any; in the mean time Barber and Rose threw me down and fell upon me, and took my watch and half a guinea, and 6 s. 6 d. in silver out of my fob; then they let me get up, and in about ten minutes they let me go. I am sure of the persons of all the prisoners, I had two of them Tenton and Barber taken next morning; Tenton told the Justice he had sold the watch the same evening to prisoner Woodley, the constable found the watch in Woodley's possession.
Jury. Were they all four in the room when you was robbbed ? - Yes.


                  GEORGE
                   GARRY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. I know some of the prisoners; on Sunday morning I took Tenton, Barber was there, she was rescued and taken afterwards, I took them to Bridewell, and carried them to Justice Girdler; he asked what was become of the watch, Tenton at last confessed, the prisoner Woodley had it, that it was sold to him the same evening; we searched his house and found the watch, it was produced in my presence in the house, but I did not see it taken away.


                  JOHN
                   FELLOWS
               



             sworn.
I was at the Justices on the 15th, Barber and Brady were accused of robbing the prosecutor, Tenton confessed the watch was with Woodley; we went to Woodley's house along with Mr. Stevens and others, and found the watch in the bar, in a paper in a pint pot, we took Woodley to the Justice. (The watch produced and deposed to by prosecutor.) Woodley declared he did not know who had the watch, but if the affair was made up, he believed he would find the person that had it, he was at home when the watch was found.


                  JOHN
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn.
I was present when Tenton said he had stole the watch, he said he sold it to Woodley; Woodley said he would give it me, but he had not bought it, one of these women had left it in his care; he then went into his bar, and took down a pint pot with a bit of paper, and this watch was wrapped up in it: Price said if it was his, there was T.P. marked in needle-work in the inside case.

PRISONER BARBOR's DEFENCE.
I rely on your mercy: I look on it I am in the hands of very wicked people. It was a very wet night, I went into Mr. Woodley's about ten o'clock, and stopped half an hour; the prisoner was much in liquor, he asked me to drink, and where I lived; I told him he might go up stairs, an acquaintance lived there, the bed was down and made; he said, God bless me, I could not have thought so good a bed had been in this distressed place; says he, what shall I give you to lay with you all night; I says, Sir, you could not go to offer any body less than a crown; he said, I think half-a-crown is enough; I said make me a present of that; he said, undress yourself first; I said no, but there is no harm done, go down stairs again. There was a shelf behind the door, there were a dozen and an half of Queen's ware plates, two large dishes, and a bowl; he staggered against the door, and threw down the shelf, and broke the things; a little girl in the next room told Brady and Denton they were broke: he refused to pay for them. He took up a poker and hit me, and he went to hit at the cupboard with the poker, we pulled the poker backwards, and he fell down.
The prisoner Rose called four witnesses who gave her a good character.
The prisoner Woodley called three witnesses who gave him a good character; and one of them said he saw him lend some money on a watch, but could not tell what watch.
To Price. Did you see what was thrown down? - I heard them fall, and I turned round, they were a yard and an half from me; they were behind me, I never saw them till they fell, it seemed to be a board a yard long, and they seemed to be broke before, they seemed like white plates; there might be eight or nine.
Jury. Was you sober? - Yes.
Jury. Was there a candle in the room when you went up? - Yes.
The prisoner Trenton called four witnesses who gave him a good character.
The Jury withdrew half an hour.
BARBOR TENTON BRADY ROSE



               GUILTY
            , (





               Death
            .)
WOODLEY 

               GUILTY
            , 


               Transported to Africa for seven years
            .
The 


               Jury recommended Brady to mercy
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ASHHURST.
