





560. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LEVY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of May
, one copper kettle, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Anderson
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH
                   ANDERSON
               



             sworn.
I sell saloop in the morning, the kettle stood at the door, and I went to lock the door, and in two minutes it was gone; it was about one o'clock in the morning, I said I have lost my kettle, and a man said he saw a man going down Church-row with a hot fire, and a great kettle in it.


                  JOHN
                   COLLISON
               



             sworn.
I am a beadle, I had been out that night, and between twelve and one I was going home, and saw an uncommon light in Church-row, by Aldgate church, I thought it was a lanthorn with a snuff in it, I went a little further, and the prosecutrix said she had lost her kettle, I told her I saw an uncommon light, and the watchman run down and gave the alarm, I saw the prisoner brought back with the kettle in his hand, they said we have catched the thief I brought him to the watch-house, we appeared before the Alderman, and he was committed; I did not see him take it.



                  WILLIAM
                   BOX
               



             sworn.
I found this kettle in the prisoner's hand, full of saloop and fire under it, I am sure it was the prisoner.


                  GEORGE
                   WADE
               



             sworn.
I was with the last witness, I took the prisoner, he had the kettle in his hand.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I picked up the kettle full of fire.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
