





639. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CAPPEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Pheasant
                     




                  , about the hour of five in the afternoon, on the 16th of July
 last; Margaret, his wife,being therein; and feloniously stealing one silver pepper-box, value 8 s. two tablespoons, value 16 s. six tea-spoons, value 12 s. one silver salt-spoon, value 2 s. a pair of silver sugar-tongs, value 5 s. a silver punch-ladle, value 10 s. a mug, value 6 d. and a mustard-pot, value 5 d. his property
            . 
The witnesses examined separate.


                  THOMAS
                   PHEASANT
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. 
               
                  Joseph
                   Smith
               



            , Castle-street, Long-acre


, I am ostler
 to him; my house is facing the stable-yard; my landlord lives at Lambeth; I pay about 40 l. a year rent; I was feeding my horses at the time of the robbery.


                  MARGARET
                   PHEASANT
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Pheasant
               



            ; on the 16th of July, I left my parlour about a quarter before five, as near as I can guess; I went up stairs and fastened my back parlour door; and fastened my window; I came out at my fore parlour door, and locked it; I went up stairs; my house is a common lodging house; I came down between five and six; I stopped no longer up stairs than while I drank a cup of tea; as I turned on my stairs, I saw my back parlour door open, which I had bolted; I was surprised at it; and I then saw the prisoner come out of my back parlour door, which was open; the back parlour door opened into the passage; I was half way down the one pair of stairs; I asked the prisoner what he wanted, and who he wanted; he made me some answer; I cannot say what: and as he ran along the passage, I heard the spoons rattle in his pocket; and I pursued him; and never lost sight of him till he was taken; I had my left hand on his face, and my right hand on his left hand pocket; I pursued him about two hundred yards; I never saw him before; my pint mug, and all the other things, were in his left hand pocket; I saw them taken out; they are here.
(Produced and deposed to.)
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. I believe you lost some things that you never found since? - Yes; a counterpane and a sheet.
Are you sure you locked your parlour door? - It was bolted within side, and the key inside.
Court. Did you observe in what manner the door had been opened? - I did not.


                  GEORGE
                   LEE
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner, and found the things on him.


                  CHARLES
                   ELLIOT
               



             sworn.
I assisted in taking the prisoner.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
