





543. 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     INGLESENT
                   otherwise 
GALLOWS PAT




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John
                         Brett
                     



                  , on the 24th day of May
 last, one promissory note marked No. 1, dated London, 5th April, 1783, for 52 l. 10 s. one other promissory note, No. 2728, signed 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Hamersley
                     



                  , dated March 1783; one other pr omissory note, No. 2718, signed 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Hamersley
                     



                  , dated 17th April, 1783, for the sum of 21 l. one other note, commonly called a bank note, value 10 l. six other bank notes, value 10 l. each, and which said several notes at the time of the felony aforesaid, being the property of one 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Freeman
                        




                     
                  , and the several and respective sums of money then due and unsatisfied to the said 
                     
                        Samuel
                         Freeman
                     



                   the proprietor thereof
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   FREEMAN
               



             sworn.
I live in Warwickshire, when I came to London I spent the evening in Shoe-lane with some friends, about three o'clock we came away, and coming up Fleet-street I had an occasion to stop, and my companions had got about forty yards before me, I overtook them at Temple Bar


, says I countrymen you have got paired, I must write down to your wives about this, and instantly the prisoner said to me, you may be paired to; she came and caught hold of me, put her hands round my waist, says I don't be too busy, says she will you give me any thing to drink, she said there was a house through the Bars, we went to the Coach and Horses, there we were consulting what we should drink, I said I always give the preference to the ladies, so she put her hand up and down my thighs and unbuttoned my breeches, surely says I my dear, so I put my stick into my other hand and put my hand into my pocket, and my notes were gone; I caught fast hold of her, says I landlord I should be glad you would assist me, I am robbed to a great amount, I felt my notes before, and now found they were gone; the landlord said damn your eyes and limbs, and he pushed me out of the house, and I knocked at the door, and he would not let me in again; Mr. Whitford was there, the prisoner is the person, I saw her about five or six weeks after; Mr. Clarke desired me to go into every room in the house, I went first into the kitchen and the back parlour, there was nobody that I knew, I was going into the yard and saw her; I am upon my oath, and I am sure the prisoner is the woman that took the notes out of my pocket. I was as sober as I am now.
Prisoner's Council. How came it to be so long as five or six weeks before you became active in pursuit of the person that robbed you? - I had always the sight of her in my mind, I have not been at home since.
How long did you purpose staying in town when you left Birmingham? - It was very uncertain.
How came you by this property? - By my business, I am a broker at Birmingham, I brought it from thence, and part I took at Newmarket, I came on purpose to go to Epsom.
Oh, what to the races, then I understand you are of that description, you came up to pay a bet did not you, and was going to Epsom? - Yes.
Then the consequence was if you lost this money you could not pay the bet? - Yes I did.
To what amount might that bet be? - I cannot say, they were different bets.
Do you usually carry your money about with you? - Yes.

Why is there no banker at Birmingham? - Yes.
What kind of pursuit have you made after that girl for these five or six weeks? - Very great.
Have you been backwards and forwards through Temple Bar? - I have been once or twice but not at night, I will not go again.
Then I understand when you are at Birmingham you are a broker, and when you are in town you are a horse-racer? - I received some money to bring up.
What time did you sup that night? - We had no supper at all.
What all drink? - I believe we had a lobster or two, we staid till two or three o'clock.
And will you take upon you to tell those gentlemen there, who are intelligent men, that you were sober? - I was as sober as I am now.
Are you married? - Yes.
You paired yourself as well as your companions? - Yes.
The girl met you the other side of Temple Bar? - Yes.
Did you go into the house your companions went into? - I told them I would treat them all, I did it to accommodate my townsmen.
Being come to the bar you all drank together? - Nobody drank at all.
How many companions had you with you? - Three or four, I believe some were at the door, I believe two or three women came into the house, and two or three of my countrymen; we stood at the bar.
You did not retire into any more convenient place? - No.
When you four were together you described the girl as being uncommonly amorous, and putting her hand about you, and then it was that you met with the loss? - She had felt before.
She had taken this from you before she came into the house? - No, I tell you.
Have you ever been able to trace any of these notes? - I have been seeking after them.
Have you found any of them? - I wish I could.
Have you advertised them? - No, I went to Mr. Drummond's to have them stopped.
Court. I think you said, this woman put her hand about you before you went into the house? - She drew her hand between my thighs, and up and down my thighs, says I, my dear do not you be too busy.
Court. Might not she have picked your pockets at that time? - No, Sir, she did not then pick my pockets.


                  WILLIAM
                   WHITFORD
               



             sworn.
Deposed to the same effect, being one of the company; he was sure to the prisoner being the person.


                  JOHN
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I searched for the prisoner and could not find her, I suppose I searched fifty times, and she eluded my search.
Prisoner's Council. There were two other girls in custody? - There were; when she was in custody, I told the prosecutor to go into every room and speak to nobody, and if he saw anybody there that had robbed him, to come and tell me, I suppose there were fifty in the house.
How many women were there? - I cannot say.


                  MATTHEW
                   SWIFT
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I was called up at five in the morning, to take up some woman, there were two, one was run away; I asked the prosecutor, what sort of a woman it was that robbed him, and he told me, and I said, it was Gallows Pat, I saw her there about twelve that night, and she never came back to her lodging.
Prisoner's Council. This girl it seems had deserved some nick name from you? - I know her very well, as well as I know you Sir.
Something better perhaps, however, this girl knew you as well as you knew her? - I dare say she did, but she denied knowing me.

Upon the prosecutor's mentioning that a third girl was run away, you immediately hit upon this nick name? - When they described the prisoner to me.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord and Gentlemen, the reason of my leaving my lodging was from the ill treatment I met with, from a man I have lived with several years, I have been twice in the hospital for him.
The Prisoner called four witnesses to her character.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
