





716. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ABRAHAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of August
, one umbrella, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hibbert
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   HIBBERT
               



             sworn.
I lost my umbrella out of a single horse chaise; I was coming down the Minories


 the 24th of August, about a quarter after eight in the evening; the head of the chaise was down; I turned round my head, and saw somebody standing behind on the rail; I directly missed my umbrella; I called out stop thief, and in a minute or two the boy
 was taken; I cannot say it was the prisoner I saw behind; my umbrella was produced; I knew it by the brass being loose on the top.


                  HENRY
                   BIRCH
               



             sworn.
I was standing at my door in the Minories, and I saw a person going down in a single horse chaise, and the prisoner behind taking something; I ran towards him, and he dropped the umbrella; I never lost sight of him; I picked up the umbrella, and kept it till the constable was sent for.


                  WILLIAM
                   BOX
               



             sworn.
I took charge of the prisoner and the umbrella.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The umbrella laid in the road.

Court to Birch. Have you any doubt that that was the man behind the chaise? - Not in the least; I was in the watch-house half an hour; I was insulted very much by a gang of thieves; the prisoner confessed it, and begged of me to forgive him; I promised I would save him from being hanged.
The prisoner called three witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
