





208. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     BAILEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on 4th of Feb
. instant, a green silk gown, value 20 s. two linen shifts, value 4 s. one checque apron value 2 s. one yard of purple and white cotton, value 18 d. and one linen handkerchief, value 12 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Lee
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  MARY
                   LEE
               



             sworn.
I live at the Roebuck, in the New-road, St. George's


, I have been a servant
 there ten years next September; on the first of this month I missed a shift out of my box, the key of my door was in my pocket, and the door locked, my box was not locked, there was no door broke open, I am sure my shift was left in that box, I often go in and out with my beer, and fetch in my pots.
Was any body in the room? - Nobody but the servant girl, it must be by a false key; on Sunday night when I went to bed, I looked for this shift, and on Tuesday night between nine and ten I missed the gown, and another shift, a new silk handkerchief, a silk and cotton handkerchief, a red and white pocket handkerchief, and a yard of cotton, the same as this gown I have on, and a green silk gown, they were all taken out of one box; I saw the prisoner come in after dinner, and I went up directly and locked my room door, the prisoner went up stairs; he said he was going to clean his clothes, he is a soldier, he had been quartered at our house about four months; I never saw any of my things after Sunday night.
On the Tuesday night was your box broke open? - No, Sir, the box was not locked, on the Tuesday night Mr. Trantum came down, and asked if the soldier
 was gone to bed, I went up stairs and said he was, he said he should be glad to speak with him in the tap room, he went in the tap room, and was talking with my master, and I heard him mention the green silk gown, and a yard of cotton and a silk handkerchief, I then said, that is the way my shift is gone; then my master went up stairs, and broke open the door, and found him in bed in his clothes, and they took him to the watch-house; I found some of my things at Mr. Pinchbeck's, and Mr. Machin's, and some he gave away.



                  JOHN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday evening Trantum came to my house, and asked if the soldier was gone to bed, the girl said, she would go up and see, then he told me what had happened, and in consequence of that I went up, and found him in bed in his clothes, he seemed to be drowsy, we searched him, and found two duplicates and this knife in his pockets; the duplicates have been in my servant's custody ever since, we took him to the watch-house, and the next day he was examined, and the day after he was fully committed.
Court to 
               
                  Mary
                   Lee
               



            . These are the duplicates that you received? - I have kept them ever since.
(The duplicates read.)
No. 27. 8th of January 1783, Howe 1 s. 4th of February 1783, 3 s. 0 d. 1/2 left apron 
               
                  Daniel
                   Bayley
               



            .


                  EDWARD
                   MACHIN
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Manner-row, near East Smithfield, one of these duplicates is mine, that of the 4th of February, I believe the prisoner is the man, I cannot swear to him, but he looks much like the man.
What name were the things pawned in? 
               
                  Daniel
                   Bailey
               



            .
What things were brought then? - One shift and one coloured apron.
(The things produced and deposed to.)


                  ANN
                   PINCHBECK
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in East Smithfield, this is my ticket for a gown which was pledged by one Mrs. Trantum.
(The gown deposed to.)


                  SARAH
                   TRANTUM
               



             sworn.
The prisoner brought the gown to me the day before, and asked me to pawn it for him, I did so, and I borrowed five shillings on it, and gave him four shillings, I returned the other shilling back to Mrs. Pinchbeck, I owed her a shilling; and afterwards my husband told me he suspected that Daniel had stole the things.
How soon after did you pay back the other shilling? - The next morning as soon as I had finished my work.
Did you pay back the other shilling, before it was known the gown had been stolen? - No, my Lord.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing at all of it, I have no witnesses.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
