





190. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOOPER
                  



               
             was a second time indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th of November
, an iron axe with a wooden handle, value 1 s. two hand-saws, value 3 s. a key-hole saw, value 3 d. and two brad-awls, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thomas
                        



                     
                  , and a wire lime-sieve, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Anderson
                  



               
            .
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  GEORGE
                   ANDERSON
               



             sworn.
I am a plaisterer
; I lost a wire lime-sieve, on the 5th of November last, from a building in Southampton-Buildings


, it was locked up in a cellar or vault of Mr. Thomas's, it was put in with his tools; it was of a Saturday evening; on the Monday morning, the vault door was broke open, and the sieve was gone and some tools with it; two months after I found my sieve, I received it in the prisoner's kitchen, or cellar, from Mr. Thomas, on the 18th of February; I cannot swear to the sieve, it is so defaced; there were two marks with a branding-iron, but they are both cut out, but I believe it to be my sieve; he said, he had borrowed it about two months ago.
(
               
                  James
                   Haggard
               



            , who was with the last witness, confirmed his evidence)


                  JOHN
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
The things I lost were kept in a vault in a building in Southampton-buildings; I saw them on the Saturday night; on the Monday morning, I found the door broke open, and the tools gone; I and Haggard went to the prisoner's house; we met him; he went back with us to his own house; I insisted upon his opening the cellar door; to see if I could find any thing belonging to me; the first thing I saw, was an iron axe of mine. I have had it I suppose ten years; there are two pieces broke in the head of it; I have not the least doubt of it being mine; between the floor and joists in the cieling I found my hand-saw, there is a piece of the handle broke; it is an ash handle; I have had it in use twelve years; I found another saw, that was my man's, a key-hole saw, with a piece broke off the handle; we found the two brad-awls behind the door.
(The things produced in Court, and deposed to by the witness.)
(The saw was produced in Court, and deposed to by Anderson.)
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my counsel.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
