





249. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COOLEDGE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering into the dwelling-house of the Right Hon. Jeffery Lord Amherst, on the 15th of April
 instant, and stealing therein one cloth great coat, called a box coat, value 40 s. and one other cloth coat, value 30 s.
             the goods of the said 
               
                  Jeffery 
                  Lord Amherst





            .


                  RICHARD
                   GROOMBRIDGE
               



             sworn.
I am second coachman to Lord Amherst, I missed two great coats, a box coat, and a surtout coat, in the evening of the 15th of April, when I went to bed; one was my fellow servant's coat, and the other was mine, one hung up in the room on a peg, and the other laid on the bed; there are two beds in the room, I sleep over the stable, I cannot say who stole the coats, I went to bed at eleven, I had been in the room at three in the afternoon and the coats were there then.
Court. I suppose the room in the day time is not locked? - Yes.
How many keys are there? - Two keys.
Who keeps these two keys? - My fellow servant's key is hung up in the stable, and the other I had in my pocket.
What other servants sleep in the same room? - My other fellow servant, the first coachman.
Any body else? - Only we two.
Are there any helpers in the stables? - No, sir, all done by us two.
Where was your fellow servant that day? - He was in the country with my Lord.
Was your stable door locked or not locked? - Locked to the best of my knowledge, I had usually locked it.
Can you say whether the door was locked when you came home at night? - To the best of my knowledge it was locked, I put in the key as usual, my room door was not locked.
Do you know who stole these coats? - I am innocent of the affair, I was discharged from the Compter but was turned away partly through this affair, though I was going to leave his Lordship's service.


                  JOHN
                   WILLIAMSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Prince's-street, St. James's, I am my Lord's taylor, I made these coats.


                  DENNIS
               


             M'DONALD sworn.
About a quarter before ten I was going home by the Seven Dials, and I saw the prisoner at the bar in Earl-Street, going with this bundle, I asked him what he had there, and he threw it down and ran away, and this young man ran after him and brought him back; another man who was with the prisoner, threw down the other coat that was in a bundle tied up, I took up the other bundle also; these are the same coats.
(The coats deposed to by Mr. Williamson.)


                  JAMES
                   LAYLOCK
               



             sworn.
Macdonald and I was coming out of a public house, and the prisoner at the bar and another was going by; Macdonald said to me lay hold of that fellow, and he threw down the bundle and ran away about 26 yards; I ran after him and caught hold of him, I asked him what he had in the bundle, he said a great coat; I asked him whose it was, he said his own, he never was out of my sight.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been at work all day, I am a shoemaker, an apprentice, and my father was dying, and my master gave me leave to go and see him, and as I was going to Compton-street, from St. James's, there was a Gentleman's servant standing in a silver-lac'd hat, with these two bundles, and he said to me, my boy says he, carry these down Monmouth-street, and I will give you two-pence, I said I was not going to Monmouth-street, he threw down the bundle and ran away, if I had ran away first, you know gentlemen they would have caught him; I have my master at the door.


                  JOHN
                   MOORE
               



             sworn.
The prisoner went from my house about half after nine, and I wanted him to stay longer at work, and he said he would go down and see his father who was very ill, I am a shoe-maker, the prisoner works with me in Peter-street, he is my apprentice, he is about nineteen, he had been at work all that day, till half after nine at night.



                  MARY
                   PALMER
               



             sworn.
I am a distant relation of his, I live in Parker's-lane, at Mr. Cook's, I went to his Master's house on the 15th of April, and told him his father was very ill, it was then half after nine, and he was at work, and before ten I heard he was in this trouble; he had no coat on when I went to him, his father is a wood chopper.
The prisoner called another witness who gave him a good character.




               Not guilty of the Burglary, but guilty of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
