






631. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     MYER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     OSLAN
                   otherwise 
COLSON




             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th day of May
 last, one sack, value 4 s. and four bushels of malt, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Lake
               




            .


                  SAMUEL
                   HARRABANE
               



             sworn.
I am master of a brig at St. Catherines; on the 16th of May I received some malt from Mr. Lake, it was taken in for seventy quarters, I never saw it measured. I went away about six, and returned about ten, I left my son there.


                  JOHN
                   PERRY
               



             sworn.
I am master of a vessel; I saw the sack just after it was put into a wherry, and the prisoner Colson rowed away directly; I knew the brig belonging to the last witness, and this wherry was close to it when I saw it; he rowed to a place called the Dutch Cater , in St. Catherines; I immediately went there, and two men had got a rope round, and were hauling it up; as soon as they saw me, they undid the rope again, and the prisoner Colson rowed away; the sack was take n to a justice; I will not say I saw the other prisoner have any hand in it.


                  SAMUEL
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I am a ship agent and notary, I am agent for an hundred of these different kind of craft; I came home to dinner at three, and after dinner I went into Mr. Nurenberg's warehouse, between four and five, the back part of which faces the water, and I saw the prisoner Colson, whom I have known this four or five years, his employment is a waterman that plies of a night not of a day; I saw the prisoner Myer, who is the mate of the brig, and was on board the brig, and left in care of it; he appeared to be scraping up some of the corn into the sack, and Colson and him lifted the sack upon deck; I saw the sack, but could not see the letters; I saw them put it into the boat; I called to Captain Perry, who was on board his vessel, and called him on shore before ever the sack was delivered from the barge into the boat, I saw the boat go to the back-door of the Dutch Cators, and I saw a rope fixed on to the mouth of the sack, to get it up, when the man saw me he stepped from the platform, and desired the man to row along; I produce the sack, it was in my possession till it was landed; I delivered it to Justice Davis, and Captain Perry had it from the Justice. (The sack produced.) It belongs to Mr. Dixon.
PRISONER MYER's DEFENCE.
About two o'clock a person asked me to take the sack from 
               
                  James
                   Conyer
               



            's, and he would come for it in two hours.

PRISONER COLSON's DEFENCE.
On Whitsun-Monday, between four and five, a young man came to me and said, go down to the brig and fetch a sack, I did so.
Davis. He cast the rope off, I told him to stop, he did not say anything particular besides; but corn is never worked without the proper legal meter; Myer never went out of the barge.
The prisoner Myer called the prosecutor to his character, who said he had known him ten years, and never knew any harm of him before.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
