





504. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     SOLOMONS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d day of May
, forty-eight fish, called haddock, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Dennis 
                     Harley
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Connolly
                  



               
            .


                  DENNIS
                   HARLEY
               



             sworn.
On the 2d of May last, I went to buy some fish at Billingsgate


; I bought two baskets of haddock, I gave six shilling for them; I gave the prisoner the basket; he was to carry them to the Rose and Crown; I clapped the basket upon his head myself, and I thought I had not a small penny about me, and I turned back to get one, and while I was turning to get a penny from my partner, he run away with the fish; I never got the fish, not the money for them; I am sure that is the boy
, but I do not see his face yet.
Then how can you know? - I see him now; yes, it is him.
Prisoner. You took up another before for carrying the fish; for I was at the Rose and Crown with another man's fish, and this man came with two dozen of haddocks, and said, you are the boy that carried my fish; I was in the house at the same time he came up.
Prosecutor. I employed this boy to carry the haddocks.
Prisoner to Prosecutor. Did you take up another boy for this thing? - No; after the prisoner run away with the fish, I employed another boy, and offered him a shilling to find this boy.
Jury. Did not that man accuse another boy with the robbery? - No, I did not, indeed; I offered him a shilling and two shillings to find the boy.


                  ELEANOR
                   CONNOLLY
               



             sworn.
I am partner with 
               
                  Dennis
                   Harley
               



             in the fish business; I paid the money for the fish, and delivered it to the boy, and I desired him to count them into his basket, and he told me they were right, and I told him to go to the Rose and Crown; I sent my partner Harley after him; he turned back to me for a penny, and while he came to me for the penny, the boy was gone; I run up as fast as I could, and in about ten minutes I found the boy out; he denied it then; I am sure that is the boy; I delivered the fish to him.


                  SAMUEL
                   BULLOCK
               



             sworn.
I am the constable; I was sent for to take up the prisoner; we went to find the boy with the fish; he had a flannel waistcoat on; as there were more Jews round about, I thought it was best to keep him in custody, and take him to the Compter.
Prisoner. The woman said, one of these boys had got the fish.
Connolly. I am sure that is the boy; I never took any other boy.
Prisoner. She took up me, then she let she go, and then me took up another boy, and said it was him.



                  HENRY
                   JOSEPH
               



             sworn.
I was in custody at the Rose and Crown; he down swore that I was the thief.
Harley. This is the boy I offered a shilling to, to find the prisoner out.
Joseph. Says he, I will give you a shilling, if you will bring me my fish.
Harley. He said he was a thief and pickpocket; is not that the character you gave of him?
Joseph. He said, I will give you a shilling, if you will find the boy that stole the fish.
Court. Then, you was not in custody? - He held me fast an hour at the Rose and Crown.


                  SAMUEL
                   SAMUEL
               



             sworn.
I am no relation to the prisoner; I buy and sell fish

; I know they took up the prisoner first, and kept him ten minutes, and then afterwards let him go, and they took up this carotty boy; I told the carotty boy if he would bring the fish, I would give him a shilling.
Court to Harley. Did you let the boy go? - I did not part with the boy, till I gave him to the constable; I only let him loose once; I never let him go at all.
Samuel. He was released; he was taken first, and came back with half a hundred of mackerel, and then they took him; he was taken at the Rose and Crown at first, and afterwards he was let go again.
Harley. I took him at the Rose and Crown, and there I kept him till the constable came.
Court to Harley. When did you first apprehend this boy? - I took him in the market; I was about ten minutes looking for him; I brought him into the Rose and Crown, and never parted with him till the constable came.
Samuel. As I am a living man, he brought in half a hundred of mackerel after they charged him, and he took up that carotty boy after that; then they let the carotty boy go.
Court. Pray, Mr. Samuel, have not you been here before? - Yes, last sessions.
Did not you give an evidence? - Yes; the man was acquitted.
Mr. Alderman Plomer. I know him very well, he lives in my neighbourhood; I do not believe he tells truth now.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice WILLES.
