





403. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HUGHES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th day of March
 last, one linen shirt value 6 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 2 s. a velveret waistcoat, value 3 s. a handkerchief, value 6 s. a silk ditto, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     James
                  




               
            .


                  DAVID
                   JAMES
               



             sworn.
I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, the 19th of March last, that very morning I sent my servant with them tied in a bundle to the washer-woman's, by one whom I cannot find, her name is 
               
                  Francis
                   Hughes
               



            , I have not got any of the property again, that I can swear positively to.


                  REBECCA
                   BARNET
               



             sworn.
I am a washerwoman, this bundle was sent me on Monday morning, a shirt and waistcoat and pair of stockings, and pocket handkerchief tied up in a large striped handkerchief, I received it from the prosecutor's servant, who drew beer, her name is 
               
                  Frances
                   Hughes
               



            , I put them in a chair between the chest of drawers and a table at the back part of the house, they lay there all the day, from between seven and eight in the morning, till between four and five in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner come out of my house with them under his left arm between four and five, I was not out of my house three minutes, I called to him as I saw him come out, and I said, master, what have you got there, I directly pursued him; I am positive that that bundle contained the linen of the prosecutor, it was wrapt up in a blue and white striped silk handkerchief.
Could you see that handkerchief when it was under the prisoner's arm? - Yes, I had no bundle below stairs but that.
Was your back door open, so that he or any body else could get in? - I could see him distinctly, I am sure of the prisoner, he was dressed in a blue jacket, striped trowsers, a checque shirt, and a silk handkerchief round his neck.


                  WILLIAM
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I went into a chandler's shop the same day between four and five; and coming out, I saw this man come out of the house, and go along with a bundle, I did not know he had stole it then, then the prosecutrix cried stop him, I run after him and lost sight of him, but I knew his face before, I went to the public-house, and sat down to have a pot of beer; and he came in with the handkerchief about his neck, that might be better than half an hour after, when he came out of the house with the bundle, he had a brown handkerchief, with white spots, almost like the India handkerchiefs, the bundle was tied up with this blue silk handkerchief.
When you saw him come out of the public house, did you recollect the handkerchief, or had the woman told you? - No, I knew the handkerchief.
Had you had any description at all by the woman, of the sort of handkerchief before you saw him in the public house? - No, none at all, I mentioned it first.


                  THOMAS
                   SCOTT
               



             sworn.
I took this handkerchief off his neck.
(Produced and deposed to, by Mrs. Barnett.)
I believe it to be the prosecutor's, because he has many of them.
Court to Jones. Was that the handkerchief you saw the bundle tied up in? - Yes, I believe this to be the same.

Prosecutor. I tied up my things in such a handkerchief.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was at work on board a Greenland-man; I had received some money; and I came into Rosemary-lane to buy some odd things; I went into a publick house to sit down, and they took me; I have had the handkerchief above these five months, I bought it when I came home from Greenland; it is the same, if I was to die this minute, I never robbed anybody, I never was in a prison in my life.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
