





551. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FITZPATRICK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of April
 last, one waistcoat, value 6 d. one linen waistcoat, value 6 d. one linen shirt, value 9 d. one bedgown, value 1 s. two stone basons, value 2 d. a candlestick, value 8 d. and one clothes-brush, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Clisson
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   CLISSON
               



             sworn.
I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, I was out at the time of the robbery, I returned between three and four in the afternoon, it was on Wednesday, I believe the 27th of April, the prisoner was in my room, with the constable, my wife had got the property from him before I came.


                  HANNAH
                   CLISSON
               



             sworn.
On the 27th of April I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; they stood in the room between the wall and the bedside in the same room we live in; I saw the prisoner's head in my room, and took him there; I found the things at the passage door; I saw the things in the room at one o'clock.
(The things deposed to.)


                  ANN
                   FREEBORN
               



             sworn.
I go to chairing, I live at next door, I was coming by, and a little girl was crying at the door, she said the man frightened her; I said, sit down, and if anybody comes call your mammy; I went into my own house, and presently I heard Mrs. Clisson very loud, saying, you rogue, you villain, what do you come to rob such a poor woman as I; and I went out, and I saw Mrs. Clisson holding the prisoner, and picking up a bundle in the passage; I am sure of the man.


                  SUSANNAH
                   AVIS
               



             sworn.
I am no trade at all, I live next door to Mrs. Clisson, I came in the mean time, as she was taking the basons out of the man's pocket; I know the prisoner to be the man, there was a candlestick and clothes-brush, and a bundle of clothes laying in the passage where she was.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Last Tuesday, three women, and that man, and another man, came down to New Prison to me, as they understood I had a little prize-money due, and told me, if I could advance them a little money, they would not prosecute me; I told them I had no money, I said it was a bad place for you to come into a gaol, and I saw them safe out of the gate.
Court to Prosecutrix. Is this true? - I went to look at the prisoner, but this story is not true; I did not ask him for any money.
Mrs. Clisson. We went on purpose to learn his right name, and he offered to give me money, and I told him I did not want money, as poor as I was; he offered me 6 d. when I took him, and his waistcoat, and I would not have it.
Freeborn. I was with them, there was no money asked; Mrs. Clisson said she did not want any bribe.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
