






186. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BLADES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     TAYLOR
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 20th day of December
 last, twelve iron bars, value 12 s. and four yards of iron railing, value 3 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Burning
                        




                     
                  , and affixed to a certain building of the said Daniel, again the form of the statute, and against the King's. peace
            .
The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.


                  DANIEL
                   BURNING
               



             sworn.
I live in Shepherd Market, May-fair


; on the 20th of December last, I lost some iron bars and railing from my house.


                  ROBERT
                   HILSON
               



             sworn.
I am a watch-man, on the 17th of December some iron rails were missing from this window, on the 19th in the evening, about seven o'clock, and in the morning of the 20th, which occasioned us to watch this house more strictly; and just after four o'clock on the 20th, the iron bars and the kirb stone they were fixed on, which we have here, were taken from the house by the prisoners, they carried them about 150 or 200 yards from the building, they were loose by the first being pulled off, the knocked the stones from the iron, and loaded themselves with the iron, and walked off a, constable way and we stopped them and took them to a justice, I kept them in my sight all the time.
Court. What is the value of this iron railing? -
Burning. Three pounds five shillings I paid for them.


                  JOHN
                   ODDEY
               



             sworn,
Another watchman deposed to the same effect.
PRISONER BLADE's DEFENCE.
It was a very dark night, they could not see us; my comrade stopped to ease himself; and they come and took us to a gate-way about ten yards, and they said there is the iron stands there.


                  JAMES
                   BLADES
               



            , 
               
                  HENRY
                   TAYLOR
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
