





156. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     POWELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th day of December
 last, one quadrant made of wood and brass, value 20 s. six paper books, value 5 s. a gimblet, value 1 d. and a canvas bag, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Montgomery
                  




               
            .


                  HUGH
                   MONTGOMERY
               



             sworn.
I hired a man to take me in his boat, I desired the man to go round to the vessel to take me, he went off with the boat and the things, taking neither the boy nor me in, I do not know the prisoner.


                  EDWARD
                   CAAVEN
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to the Dun-horse, in the Borough, on the Saturday before Christmas-day, at half past ten, he drank some beer, and said he was distressed for a shilling, and he shewed the quadrant, which was the only thing I saw in his hand; I lent him a shilling upon it, he said, it was his own property; he did not come to redeem it, and I knowing Mr. Guest to be an officer, I delived it to him on the Monday; I never saw the prisoner before, but I am sure he is the man I lent the shilling to, I am clear in it, I was two hours in his company.


                  MARMADUKE
                   GUEST
               



             sworn.
I produce the quadrant; it has been in my possession ever since, I had it from the last witness; I took the prisoner on the 26th, at the George, in George-yard, Blackman-street, he laid there; I went up into his room, and found these books.
(The things produced and deposed to.)


                  WILLIAM
                   MONTGOMERY
               



             sworn.
What age are you? - Twelve.
Do you know the nature of an oath? - Yes.
Do you know the consequence if you speak falsly? - Yes.
What will happen to you? - Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour.
That is a very good answer, then you know it is a fin, and will be punished by man also? - Yes.
This witness confirmed his father's testimony.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was rowing up to shore, and I took these things on board, I was going round to the ship, and there came a raft of timber and took the boat away, and I could not find the ship again being dark, and I carried the things home.
Court to Montgomery. Did you call after this boat? - Yes, it was a still night, and there was no raft; he made complaint before the Justice, that it was cloudy.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
