





358. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KNIGHT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, a silver table-spoon, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gray
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   GRAY
               



             sworn.
I keep the Bell Savage Inn
 on Ludgate-hill


; I lost a silver spoon on Wednesday the 28th of January; I only prove the property, I did not see him take it; I saw him afterwards, when the waiter charged him with it, and he took it out of his pocket; he said somebody else had put it in.
Was there any body in the same box with him at the time the cloth was laid for him? - Not at the time he was at supper; there was a person sat nigh him at the time the spoon was taken from him; the constable has the spoon.



                  JOHN
                   CATTERWOOD
               



             sworn.
The prisoner at the bar came to our house on the 28th of January, and ordered a mutton chop; it was dressed, I laid the cloth, and did not lay any spoon, and a gentleman came in and ordered a pint of porter, and a Welch rabbit, and the prisoner called for a spoon; I wondered what he should want with a spoon to a mutton chop; I saw him using the spoon against the edge of the dish, there was no gravy; when I came back I missed the spoon; the gentleman had not been a quarter of an hour by him; he did not sit on the same side with the prisoner; he sat opposite to him, the prisoner was there a matter of three hours; it was some time before the constable could be found.
Mr. Schoen, Prisoner's Counsel. The prisoner had used your house very often? - Three or four times before.
Do you know that he is a farmer in Northamptonshire? - I do not.
Why; had not he slept at your house for some nights before? - He had slept there two nights; I waited upon him, and carried him his mutton chop.
Your chops have never any gravy, I take it? - I did not think a spoon was wanting, I took the cloth away.
Do you recollect leaving the spoon on the table when you took the cloth away? - No.
Do you recollect whether the spoon was covered with a newspaper? - I swear I left no spoon there, when I took away the cloth; he ordered six-penny worth of punch.
Do you recollect then, his asking you whether you had missed any thing? - He said nothing to me, that I swear.
Was you perfectly sober that night? - Yes.
That you swear? - Yes.
You was not at all in liquor? - No.
Do you recollect the prisoner asking you if you was sure you brought a spoon to that table? - No.
Then the prisoner did not give you the spoon, and tell you you had left it there, and threatened to tell your master of your carelessness? - No, Sir, that he did not.


                  JOSEPH
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
The spoon has been in my possession ever since; I am a constable, I was sent for, and the prisoner denied having the spoon; I told him it was necessary for me to search him; he said, if I have any spoon about me, somebody else must have put it in my pocket; he then put his left-hand into his pocket, and pulled out the spoon.
(The spoon deposed to by the Prosecutor.)
Mr. Schoen to Thompson. Are you perfectly accurate as to what he said at the time? - He said if he had a spoon in his pocket, somebody else must have put it in.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On Wednesday the 28th of January I went to Mr. Gray's house, about nine; the waiter neither brought a spoon nor any salt, which I thought was something extraordinary, but he appeared as if he was in liquor; after I had been there a quarter of an hour, a gentleman or two came into the box, on the opposite side, I did not know them; after supper I ordered the waiter to take away the things off the table; in about ten minutes after he came for the newspaper, and there lay the spoon under the newspaper; there were two gentlemen in the box, I took up the spoon and said, what a curious fellow this is, Mr. Gray ought to be made acquainted with it; I put the spoon into my pocket with an intent to give it to Mr. Gray; and in about fifteen or twenty minutes after, I went to the bar to give it to Mr. Gray, he had two gentlemen with him in close conversation; I went and sat in my seat again, and ordered my slippers, I had slept there the two preceding nights, I called for six-penny worth of liquor; before that I said to the waiter, have not you missed something tonight? says I, do you recollect what you brought me? he did not recollect himself then; somebody in the coffee-room called him away; in about a quarter of an hourafter he brought me six-penny worth of punch; when he bought it I said, don't you recollect you brought me a spoon, do not you recollect whether you took it away again? he said he did not know; says I, who should then? says I, I have the spoon and will give it to your master; he said I might do as I pleased; in consequence of that I apprehend he went to his master, and acquainted him that he missed a spoon, and had a suspicion that I had it; in consequence of that in came the constable; he said, I must search you; I said for what; I did not know that he was a constable; I believe I might be a little pert; says I, I have the spoon, it is in my pocket; he took it away from me; there came a swarm round me, and the constable did not use me well, he began to pull and shake me about, he took me by the collar and pulled me about, he did not use me in a genteel manner; then he took me to the watch-house in Fleet-market, and from thence to Wood-street compter; the next day I was taken before Mr. Chamberlain Wilkes; I begged him to be so obliging as to wait a little while, I expected a gentleman to come on my behalf, that saw me hold up the spoon, I had no intention of taking it, which the waiter must know; the Alderman put off my hearing till the next day; I mentioned it to Alderman Clarke, he said if you have not that person I must commit you; last session I put off my trial on account of the absence of my witnesses; I hope that will satisfy you.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a very good character.
Court to Thompson. At the time the spoon was found in his pocket, did he say any thing of this? - When I told him he was charged with stealing a silver spoon, and I must search him; he said I had no business, I said I must; he said, if I have a spoon in my pocket, it is more than I know of, for I have none.
But did he say any thing to his having put the spoon there, with intent to tell the master? - No.
Prisoner. He would not allow me an opportunity.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
