





746. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARWOOD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th day of July
, three linen gowns, value 15 s. one stuff ditto, value 4 s. three shifts, value 6 s. and three aprons, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Pamela 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            .


                  PAMELA
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
On a Wednesday in last month, I was standing at the back of the Exchange


, between eleven and twelve; I was going in the country with my mistress, and the box was on the ground alongside of me, and soon after I set down the box, the prisoner took my direction, and said he would shew me the coach, and said this man will take care of your box; he asked me where I was going; I told him in the country; Oh! says he, I know where you are going, I know you very well; and he took my direction, and ran away with it; I ran after him, and laid hold of him, and he shook the paper at me first, and then threw it at me; and the other man ran away with the box; the prisoner wanted me to let him go; and he would shew me the man that had the box, but I would not let him go: I never saw my box till yesterday.
Where did you see it? - At my master's: the box contained four gowns, three shifts, and four aprons.
Are they all in the box now? - No, they took half of them out.
What did you do with this man when you had hold of him? - I gave him up to the constable.
Mr. Peatt, prisoner's counsel. What did you go to the gaol for? - I went to the Compter with the Jew constable, they offered me forty-five shillings, but I would not take it.
Court. Who offered it? - The prisoner.


                  DANIEL
                   DANIEL
               



             sworn.
On the 26th of July, between eleven and twelve, a number of people was crying stop thief; among the rest was the prisoner at the head of them; I laid hold of him; he asked me for what; I then instantly perceived this black woman; she was also calling stop thief; I then asked her who she belonged to, she said to Mr. Aquillard; the prisoner made several attempts to get away, I told him I could not let him go; the prisoner said he knew nothing of the man that took the box: in the interim, Mr. Turnbull came past, and he assisted in taking the prisoner. The prisoner had an apron on with the resemblance of a ticket porter, with a brown coat and white buttons: I should have trusted to him. I took the prisoner to the Compter; the woman was very much frightened, nobody could make sense of what she said.


                  WALTER
                   TURNBULL
               



             sworn.
On the 26th of July last, I saw several people running, and this black woman laid hold of the prisoner, he seemed to struggle; seeing the black woman very much alarmed; I told her to take him to the compter, and I would pay the expence of the prosecution; the prisoner was very angry with me, and said, he would thrash me; the prisoner was taken before my Lord Mayor, and committed; he then attempted to make a blow at me.


                  JOHN
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
I stood by the black woman, and the prisoner; they were talking; I saw her set down the box, and the prisoner and another man came up; the prisoner brought the direction to me from the black woman and desired me to read; I told him, I could not, I did not chuse it; I did not see the box taken away; I saw no more.


                  DAVID
                   LEVY
               



             sworn.
I was at the Compter when the prisoner was brought in; he told me, if I could leave him an hour, or half an hour in the Compter, he did not know but he might get a person to bring the box back again, and he said before the Lord Mayor, that he heard the box was brought home, and sent to the gentleman's house; but the box was not sent home, and the prisoner was committed; I saw the black woman at Guildhall, and she said, she had been to the Compter, and they would not let her see the prisoner, and I went with her to the Compter, and she said to the prisoner, you promised me forty-five shillings
Who brought you here as a witness? - Mr. Daniel and Mr. Turnbull left word at my house, that I must be here on the trial, and they left directions at the Poultry-compter.
Court. How could he promise her forty-five shillings, he had never seen her before? - I cannot say any thing about that; she said to the prisoner, you are to give me forty-five shillings.
But you said just now he had promised her forty-five shillings? - She said, you have promised me forty-five shillings, upon my word and oath; ask the woman herself, if she has a mind to say so.
Pamela. I deny it.
Levy. It is truth.


                  ISAAC
                   AQUILARD
               



             sworn.
The prisoner is a servant
 of mine; I know nothing of the robbery; this Levy and a few more of his comrades said, if I would give something to the woman, and endeavour to soften the evidence.
Levy. I never spoke a word to you.
Court to Aquilard. Relate what this man said? - I went to my butcher's to order some beef, and this man was there, and a parcel of Jew people, and he came round, and said, if you will take the trunk, he said, if you will give us something for our trouble and make it up; I said, I cannot say any thing about it, and the trunk was sent to my house the next day; the Jew constable asked me if I would take the trunk and give the woman something to make it up.
Levy. As I stand here upon my oath, I never offered to the gentleman; there was a wedding in Duke's-place, at the butcher's; I was employed as constable; the gentleman came and ordered some meat; says he, have you found any thing of the box? says I, no; says he, if I could but get the box, I would no hurt any body.
Did not you say what Mr. Acquilard has said? - I did not say thing at all about sending the box, for I did not know any more than he what was done with the box.
Court to Prosecutor. Was any body else that you know present at the time? - There was the butcher's man I believe that I believe brought the trunk.
Court. If there was a second witness that is present, I shall order this man to take his trial for perjury? - If I was to be hung up now directly, it is false what the gentleman has said; I shall speak the truth, so help me God.
Court. Who brought this man here as a witness.
Turnbull. When there was an examination yesterday before the Grand Jury we found this constable was not with us on the back of the bill, and this gentleman wished to have him, as he knew something about the box.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Gentlemen, this woman came to me the first time; I was washing myself, and the turnkey says to me, there is a black woman enquiring for a prisoner; she went away, and came back with Levy; she said to me, if you will give me forty-five shillings, the money my master lent me to buy my clothes, I will not trouble my self about you, or else I will hang you; I never exchanged two words with the constable.
Court to Levy. Upon your oath, who took the trunk to Mr. Acquilard's? - Upon my oath, I do not know; I do not know the butcher's boy.
Daniel. The constable told me he knew the prisoner very well.
Court to Levy. Who was the man that was with the prisoner? - I cannot tell you.
Upon your oath, do not you know the man that took the trunk? - No, my Lord, I do not, if I did I should have told; I never wronged nobody of a farthing.
The prisoner called one witness, but his counsel declined examining him.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
