





187. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     COLLYER
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               that he, on the 26th of February
 in the king's highway, in and upon 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Emperor
                        



                     
                  , did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person two linen shirts, value 2 s. a linen shift, value 12 d. and two linen cloths, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ball
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   EMPEROR
               



             sworn.
My child was robbed on the 26th of February.
How old is he? - Eight years; I know nothing of it myself, but I have seen the things since the prisoner was taken.
(
               
                  James
                   Emperor
               



             was called, but not understanding the nature of an oath, was not permitted to be sworn.



                  GEORGE
                   HAMMET
               



             sworn.
On the 26th of February I saw the prisoner with a white bundle running up Bentinck-street; he saw me coming towards him, and threw the bundle over the rails into an area; I ran after him till I came to Berwick-street; I never lost sight of him; I took him, and carried him before a magistrate.
Prisoner. Did you see me throw the bundle over the rails, or any other boys? - There was another little boy ran up the street, but this was the boy that had the bundle.
Have you any doubt about his person? - Not the least.


                  ARTHUR
                   BENTLEY
               



             sworn.
I heard the cry of stop thief? I looked out and saw this boy run; he called out himself stop thief! I ran out and stopped him, he had nothing about him.


                  RICHARD
                   WEBB
               



             sworn.
I live in Bentinck-street; I found this bundle down my area; I have had it ever since.
(Produces it.)
ELIZABETH BALL sworn.
I live at No. 286, Oxford-street; on the 26th of February about a quarter after seven in the evening, I sent James Emperor with the bundle home to his mother, to wash; she lives in Edward-street.
(Deposes to the things.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going up Berwick-street, this gentleman laid hold of me, and said, I took the bundle from the child; he said before the Justice it was not me, it was a little boy that carried out newspapers; they fetched him; he said he did not take it, and then he swore to me.
To Hammett. Did the little boy say in your presence, the prisoner was not the boy that took it? - No.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods, but not guilty of the highway robbery
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
