





662. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st day of September
 last, eight linen shirts, value 4 l. three pair of nankeen breeches, value 20 s. four linen table-cloths, value 20 s. two waistcoats; value 20 s. one counterpane, value 20 s. two bed gowns, value 10 s. one pair of sheets, value 20 s. one coverlid, value 5 s. fifteen linen clouts, value 15 s. eight towels, value 4 s. seven dusters, value 4 s. three skirts, value 6 s. four pair of cotton drawers, value 8 s. five pair of thread stockings, value 10 s. one pair of silk stockings, value 4 s. two aprons, value 2 s. and one cloth, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Henry 
                     Hull
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   HENRY HULL
               



             sworn.
I only swear to my property.


                  THOMAS
                   DYSON
               



             sworn.
I was going from town the 1st of September about six in the evening to Stamford Hill, with a load of dung; my horses stopped in Shoreditch


 in the middle of the street, when I returned to my cart, a gentleman told me a parcel was taken away from my cart, I brought the parcel from Mr. Hull, it was going to Stamford Hill to be washed, I missed the parcel when the gentleman told me.


                  JOSEPH
                   TITTERON
               



             sworn.
I keep a watch-makers shop in Shordeitch, on Monday the 1st of September, I and my son were drinking tea in my dining-room fronting the street, and my son said to me, papa, look out of the window at that man, he is a known thief; I looked at him, and I saw him, sauntering about, and there was a dung cart stood in the middle of the street, almost opposite my door; the prisoner after standing some time on the footpath walked up to the cart, and the cart hid him from my sight, in a very short time he returned to the footpath, he then in a careless manner looked about him, and at last he darts from the footpath to the cart as I imagine, and by the help of the spoke of the wheel he got the bundle off over the copse of the cart, and away he ran with the bundle; my son-in-law got up to the other window, and seeing him run off, he run down stairs to take him, my son's name is 
               
                  Peter
                   Gardiner
               



            , I kept my eye on him, and I saw my son catch him at the corner of Webb Square, I came down stairs and told the carter.


                  PETER
                   GARDINER
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner take out the bundle, and I went down stairs and I pursued him, and when I came within ten yards of him, he turned round, and seeing me, he dropped the bundle, and I collared him directly.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I picked that up in the middle of the highway on Monday was a week, there was nobody by it, nor any cart.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
