





243. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     PHIPPS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ward
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve in the night, on the 27th of January
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one wooden box, value 6 d. a screw, value 9 s. an oil stone, value 8 s. a chissel, value 8 d. the property of 
                     

                              William 
                              Margisson
                           



                         the younger



                  ; one hand saw, value 6 s. another saw, value 5 s. a wooden plough and irons therein, value 10 s. an oil stone, value 6 s. a saw, value 4 s. a hammer, value 4 d. a slide rule, value 2 s. a broad axe, value 4 s.
             the property of the said 
               
                  William
                   Ward
               



            .


                  WILLIAM
                   MARGISSON
               



             the younger sworn.
I am apprentice

 to Mr. 
               
                  William
                   Ward
               



            , he lives at Great Ealing


, and keeps a house there; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, the great box was found, and the things were lost on the 27th of January, I saw them the same night, I put them in the chest and locked it.


                  WILLIAM
                   WARD
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
 and housekeeper, my shop was broke open, my shop is a separate building from the house, about ten feet, but all within the wall, the lad 
               
                  John
                   Atkins
               



             that is here, was the last person in the shop; I arose a little before seven in the morning, and when I came there I found the tools of my chest on the bench all taken out, and the things mentioned in the indictment that belonged to me, all taken away; I never saw the tools again, I know nothing of the prisoner, I have no reason to charge him, but from the great box being found in his lodgings.


                  CHARLES
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was apprehended the 6th of February, he was offering three oil stones and a hand saw to pawn; he was brought to the office, and delivered into charge; I and another went and searched his lodgings, he told us where he lodged, and I found this great box, and this hammer, a pair of compasses, a rule and a chalk line, between the bed and the sacking; and I found two duplicates; I went to the pawnbroker's, and I found some things, but I found no owner to them; upon further examination, I asked him where he got this great box, and he said, his brother gave it him; I asked him how long he had had it, and he said about a month, he said, it was above three weeks; why, says I, the young man has not lost it above a fortnight to day, then the young man came and looked at it, and he said he had put in a screw, and broke it, since that he had put a nail in; the things that were found were advertized, and the parties came in consequence of that; he gave me that description of the box before he saw it; he said, the screw was broke, and he had driven in a nail.
Margisson. This is my box, I know it from the nail, and the screw that is in it.

Such a thing might happen to another box? - I made it, I am sure this box was that evening in my closet in the shop, the evening of the 27th.
Atkins. I found this stick under the prisoner's bed.
(A large ash stick.)
Court to Young. Do you know the prisoner? - He said, he was going to work upon the keys, his wife said, he was a carpenter, and his landlord said, he was a wheeler.


                  WILLIAM
                   PICKERING
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I searched the prisoner's lodgings, and I found these tools that are here produced, concealed under the bed, there was a basket and bag, but nothing of any consequence; and this stick was laying under the bedstead, I asked him what business he was, he said, he was a working man on the keys, and his brother had given him these tools, they were his lodgings where we found the tools, the woman said, they are my husband's, he is a carpenter, but his landlord said, he believed he was a wheeler.


                  JOHN
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Ward at Great Ealing, I am his apprentice, he is a carpenter, his shop does not join to his house, but it is in a court-yard surrounded by a wall intirely; on the 27th of January last, I shut up his shop, it was locked and fast about five o'clock, I kept the key of my master's chest, that was locked; one of the doors of the shop was fastened with a bolt, the door I went out at was locked and fast, the third door was fastened with a staple; I went to the shop in the morning about seven, I took the key out of the kitchen.
In what state did you find the shop? - I got in at the window, and opened the two doors, there was a pane of glass to the window broken, and a board nailed up, and that board was pushed down, that hole was large enough to get the prisoner's body in, when that board was torn down; these two doors were both fast; when I shut up shop I locked the door next the kitchen: my master's chest and Margisson's chest were both open, the hinges were off Margisson's chest, and some of the tools were taken away; I had put my master's into the chest the night before, and the things belonging to him mentioned in the indictment were missing, I know nothing of the prisoner.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have a brother gone to the East Indies, carpenter's-mate, and these tools belonged to him, and he gave them to me.
Have you any witnesses to call to prove this? - No, Sir, I cannot say I have, I am an entire stranger indeed, only my landlord.
Court to Young. How came you to search the lodgings of the prisoner? - Because he told me where he lived, he was stopped with three oil stones, and a hand saw which are not claimed at all, some carpenters who had lost their tools, were going after their tools to different shops, and he run out of one of the shops as they came in.
Jury to Young. You say nobody owned this stock, and bit, and plough.
Prisoner. They all belong to my brother.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s. but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
