





738. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CHADWICK
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, since the 2d of June 1766, to wit, on the 23d of June
 last, about the hour of two in the night with force and arms into a certain garden ground of one 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Sprang
                        




                     
                  , unlawfully, wrongfully, maliciously, and injuriously did enter, and twelve cucumber plants, value 15 s. then and there growing, standing, and being, did pluck up, spoil, and destroy, against the form of the statute
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   SPRANG
               



             sworn.
I am a gardener
, I live at the Neat Houses in St. George's parish, Hanover-square


, it is by the Thames side, below Lord Grosvenor's.
Court. Is that in the parish of St. George's? - Yes; on the 17th and 18th of June last I was robbed of a great many frame cucumbers, and a great many of my vines destroyed, which occasioned me to set a watch, one of my men, and on the 23d of June my man came and called me about ten minutes past one, I took my gun in my hand and went down, and I saw the prisoner and another man, one on each side of the frame, holding up the lights and getting cucumbers; I looked at them sometime, I went about six yards off them, and I told them if they did not surrender themselves, I would shoot them; the man that was at the back of the frames made off immediately, and I took the prisoner by the collar, and as soon as I got hold of him he said, you bloody thief, shoot away! I said, no, I have no occasion to shoot you, I have you safe enough; the other man made off, and my man shot at him as he went.
Did you find any thing taken away broken or destroyed? - The prisoner said some little time after, says he, what do you want with me, says I to take care of you; says he I ha lost my shoe, I insist on your finding my shoe; we brought him down to the watch-house, and when I came back there was a bag full of cucumbers and his shoe, I have his shoe here, they were laying at the frame and pretty near together.
Court. Could you observe whether a great number of cucumbers had been cut from your frames or not? - Yes, there had been a great number cut, they had stepped into the lights.
What did he say for himself? - He said before the magistrate that he was drinking with a strange man at Westminster, and that this strange man brought him into my ground, and gathered some onions and cucumbers, and gave them to him.


                  CHARLES
                   TOWNLEY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Sprang, I watched that night, I saw these two men coming across, when I first saw them they gave a bit of a look round, and went directly to the lights, and lifted up five or six; I went and called my master as he ordered me, I was with my master when he took this man; I saw them pull the vine up to them, but I could not see them cut the cucumbers off; it was rather dark, I was eighteen or twenty yards from them when I called my master.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was in the ground, but as to the cucumbers I never saw nor touched them.
What business had you in the ground? - I was very much in liquor.
Court. Was he in liquor?
Sprang and Townley. He was not in liquor.
Prisoner. I have not a friend in the world, I rely on your Lordship's mercy, I was born in the West Indies; I have been here seven months, I have been about six weeks from Portsmouth.
Court. What is the value of the cucumbers?
Sprang. I valued the fruit cut and damaged at ten pounds, what they trod upon and gathered I could not count.
Court. Is that a low valuation? - Yes, fifteen pounds would not make me amends.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, the charge is under a particular act of parliament, which makes it felony to cut, pluck up, or destroy, any plants, roots, or shrubs, of the value of five shillings.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
