





297. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRADLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Mac Phail
                     




                  , no person there in being, between the hours of eight in the forenoon and four in the afternoon, on the 8th day of February
 last, and feloniously stealing therein, one iron Bath stove, value 14 s. one brass sender, value 2 s. one bed sacking, value 4 s. two wooden chairs, value 2 s. four iron hammers with wooden handles, value 4 s. one iron spade, value 18 d. one iron fox trap, value 5 s. and four earthen flour pots, value 12 d. his property
            .
A Second Count, For breaking his house about the hour of one in the night, on the 9th of February, and burglariously and feloniously stealing the same goods therein.


                  JOHN
                   MAC PHAIL
               



             sworn.
I live in Grub-street, in the parish of Cripplegate


, my house that was broke open is in the parish of St. Luke's, there was nobody there, we do not live there in winter time, we have it with a garden; I was in it on the 6th of December, I left some furniture in it.

What use had you for that house? - As a dwelling house when the weather is fine.
Did you mean to dwell there again? - Yes; there was nobody in the house, it was broke open, but I am not sure of the day, I did not hear of it till the 10th, then I went in to examine, and found several things were taken away; the things in the indictment, and many more: the Bath stove was fixed in the chimney in the first room in the house, the value of that was about 14 s. and the sacking of the bedstead worth 4 s. there was a brass sender; I locked up the house and took the key with me, the key was never lent to any body at all, there was a fox trap, value 5 s. and two wooden chairs, value 2 s. there were four wooden hammers, value 1 s. each, one iron spade, value 18 d. four earthen flour pots stood on the mantle shelf, value 1 s.
Did you rent this house or was it your own? - I rented it, and when I went to look at it, I discovered a hole broke at the end of the house where they got in, and then the window was set open to get the things out; when I examined the house, I found this street lamp which they had to light them, left in the house; I cannot tell how far the prisoner was concerned, the other witnesses can tell you.


                  JAMES
                   SHAKESHAFT
               



             sworn.
I am an headborough, I produce things which I found in Taylor's-rents, Kingsland-road; on Thursday the 10th of February, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning; the prisoner was in bed, and the stove lay by the side of the bed, with a fox trap and three hammers, and a rule, and the prosecutor came and owned the property at the office, the prisoner told me the things were his property.
(Two of these hammers, the trap, and the stove deposed to.)


                  SAMUEL
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
I am one of the headboroughs of Shoreditch parish, I went with Shakeshaft and found these things, and took him and the property.


                  JOHN
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I live in Jewin-street, Cripplegate, I did live at the place, I left it before Christmas, I used to go and see it every day till it was robbed; I saw it the Saturday before the robbery.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
When I took this room there was no lock nor any thing upon the door, and these things were up in the room when I took it.
Shakeshaft. I was going to take the two hammers and the rule, and he said do not take them things for they are my own.
The Prisoner called three witnesses, who all gave him a good character.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 4 s. and 10 d. but not guilty of the burglary
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


