





642. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     YORK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th day of June
 last, one half crown, value 2 s. 6 d. and one shilling
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Evans
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   WILD EVANS
               



             sworn.
On the 14th of June I was entrusted with my father's keys, in consequence of his going out of town; his name is 
               
                  Thomas
                   Evans
               



            ; he is an apothecary
; he had a suspicion that he had lost money out of his drawer in his study; in consequence of which, he marked two parcels of money, three shillings and sixpence in each parcel; I did not see him mark them; he shewed me the mark afterwards; there was a half crown and a shilling in each parcel; he put the money after it was marked in a drawer in his desk in his study, from which it was taken; a little after three my father went out of town; I went home to dinner, and when I returned I found that out of the parcels was taken a shilling that was about half past four; upon missing this I went into the shop, and I told the man of having missed the money; while I was telling him this, the prisoner at the bar returned from taking medicines to Kensington; the prisoner was a footboy; upon his coming into the shop we sent him to light a candle; before he lighted the candle, he went into this same study and took out a half crown which was remaining in the parcel; as soon as ever he had gone out with other medicines I went into the study; I found there was but one parcel, and that half crown that I had seen before he came into the house was taken away; I immediately sent the journeyman to bring the boy back; I desired him to produce all the money he had in his pocket; he refused it at first, but after a little time he produced what money he had in his breeches pocket; and I only found a shilling which was not satisfactory to myself as being the shilling he had taken out of the drawer; I conceived one shilling might be marked like another, and it was not decisive in my own opinion, not withstanding the mark; I then insisted he should produce every thing he had in all his other pockets, which he did, and upon emptying his coat pocket, in his handkerchief was the half crown which appeared to me as though he had endeavoured to conceal it, but which dropped out of his handkerchief; the reason I sent for a constable was, that he denied having taken it; and he was committed.
Did he always persist in denying it? - When Sir Sampson asked him if he had taken it, his answer was, it was a hard question to answer. (The half crown and shilling produced.) It has not been in my possession till I came into Court; it has been in father's possession ever since; he could not attend.
But how do you fix that the money you are going to produce now is the same you took from the prisoner? - By the mark which corresponded with the marked money in the drawer.
Jury. You doubted the mark on the shilling, was the mark that was on the half crown the same that was on the shilling? - The same mark undoubtedly; the shilling was taken first before I went to the shop, the half crown was taken the time I was in the house; and the half crown I could particularly swear to, because I particularly examined it after I found the shilling had been taken.
What sort of marks were those that your father put on the money? - With the rim of the shilling and the half crown they formed a triangle.
(Shewn to Court.)
Court. The lines meeting upon it formed a triangle with the rim of the money? - Yes.
Was the same mark put on the shilling and on the half crown? - I think on one parcel the mark was rather larger than on the other.
But I speak on the parcel which was found on the boy, the shilling is the same? - Exactly the same, except it had been made by a rule.
Do you recollect no specific difference between the mark on the shilling and the half crown? - No, I do not.
Had the shilling and the half crown of that parcel which he took the same mark? - Yes.
Have you examined this mark then to see whether they have the same mark? - I have, and they agree as perfectly as possible.
Do you recollect any specific difference (I do not mean by line or compass) between the shilling and the half crown? - I do not.
The half crown, that has the impression plain upon it, was that which was found upon the prisoner? - Yes.
Did you observe on the other parcel the difference of the marks? - (Shewn to the Jury.) - I can speak with greater certainty to the half crown than I can to the shilling, although in my own mind I believe as to he shilling, the impression on the half crown is stronger, and I particularly examined the mark to see whether it was plain, whether if it was to be taken away I could distinguish it again.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The money the prosecutor lays to my charge is the money I received from Mrs. Morrice.
The prisoner talled three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Court to Evans. Is this place kept locked? - It was generally, but I cannot swear it was then.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
He was recommended by the prosecutor.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
