





728. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, two china figures, value 20 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Ponter
                  




               
            .


                  ABRAHAM
                   PONTER
               



             sworn.
I live in Newgate-street


; I keep a china shop
; I lost two china figures, on the 24th of July; I was not present at the time; they were found on the prisoner in Christ's Hospital.


                  ISAAC
                   NEWTON
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner go into the shop, and take them out; I was in my master's shop right opposite; he put them under his coat, and walked away, and he was pursued, and taken by 
               
                  John
                   Hillier
               



            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   JEFFREYS
               



             sworn.
About a quarter before eight, a person came into the shop, and asked for two tumblers; I am mother-in-law to Mr. Ponter; the maid rang me down, and I found this young man in the shop; he asked me for two tumblers, and I asked him what size; he said he had had two of Mr. Ponter the morning before, and gave five-pence a piece for them; I looked out two of that price, and he said he did not like them, and he said Mr. Ponter fetched those he had the day before, out of the back parlour; then another person came in for a vinegar crewet; I looked for that first, and he said it was too dear; I told him it was the same price we always sold them at, and when the prisoner saw me engaged with that man, he went out of the shop; I did not see him take the figures; Newton called out, and said stop thief, and he was pursued, and taken in Christ's Hospital, the other made his escape.
(The figures produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
