





708. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SILVERWOOD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Summers
                        



                     
                   on the king's highway, on the 9th of September
 last, and putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, five linen shirts, value 25 s. a silk handkerchief, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           Nelson
                        



.
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  ANDREW
                   NELSON
               



             sworn.
I am clerk
 to Mr. 
               
                  Alexander
                   Brodie
               



            , in Carey-street; on the 9th, in the evening, I sent the boy, 
               
                  William
                   Summers
               



            , to his mother with five shirts and a silk handkerchief, in Pye-street, to be washed; I saw the things next morning at the Justice's.


                  WILLIAM
                   SUMMERS
               



            .
Court. How old are you? - Twelve years, the 20th of August last.
Can you say your catechism? - Yes.
Do you know the nature of an oath? - Yes.
What will become of you, if you swear falsly? - Go to hell, Sir.


                  WILLIAM
                   SUMMERS
               



             sworn.
I was sent by Mr. Nelson, from Mr. Brodie's to my mother's, with five shirts and a silk handkerchief, what they were tied in; I live at Mr. Brodie's, my mother lives at Westminster; she takes in washing; there was a piece of plumb pudding in the handkerchief, which was my own; as I was coming along the Strand, it was almost eight o'clock; and I saw a hackney coach going along, and I got up behind it, being rather latish, to make haste; I rodedown as far as Lancaster Court in the Strand; then the prisoner and two more came to me, one jumped on one side and one on the other side the wooden rail that is behind the coach, and the third kept running behind; that was the prisoner; and when I got right facing St. Martin's-lane


, the prisoner snatched the bundle out of my hand, and ran up St. Martin's-lane; and the other two that were behind ran up the Strand towards Temple-bar as hard as they could; I got down opposite Chancery-lane, and called out stop thief; and I never lost sight of him till two gentlemen got hold of him and the mob got round him; these gentlemen took him into the watch-house; they asked me if it was the man; and I said it was; he had the bundle under his arm: the beadle has the bundle; I described the things before he opened the bundle.
Court. Did either of the three men speak to you? - None of the three men spoke to me at all.
Did they pull you down when they took your bundle? - No, but he gave me a good tug; he snatched the bundle, and ran off as fast as he could; and I cried and run after him; I had no suspicion of his taking the bundle.
Prisoner. Did not you say before Justice Read, that you lost sight of me three minutes? - No, I did not; I said I lost sight of him half a minute, just when the mob got round him.


                  PHILIP
                   PILGRIM
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday, the 9th of September, I was at my door, and I heard the cry of stop thief; I looked down the lane and saw several people running, and saw the prisoner with a bundle under his left arm; I immediately caught hold of him, and secured him against the wall; Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Ashley
               



            , a neighbour, was running after him at the same time, and laid hold of him; then the boy came up; we asked the boy if that was the man; he said, yes; and told us every thing before the bundle was opened; the boy said, there were five shirts, and a piece of boiled plumb pudding, and a silk handkerchief.


                  JOHN
                   ASHLEY
               



             sworn.
Deposed to the same effect.


                  GEORGE
                   GARDNER
               



             sworn.
I am beadle of St. Martin's; I was on duty that night at the watch-house, and when I got there the prisoner was there with a bundle under his arm; the boy described the things in the bundle; it has been in my possession ever since.
(The things deposed to.)
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called four witnesses, Mr. Cooper and three other persons, with whom he had worked, who all gave him an exceeding good character.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
