





205. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d day of February
, one silk gown and coat, value 30 s. one bombazeen gown and coat, value 28 s. a cloak, value 3 s. an handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Diana 
                           Harrison
                        




                     
                  , widow
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Letitia
                         Baker
                     



.


                  DIANA
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
I am a widow, I was going up stairs, and I heard somebody in my bed-room, and when I came to the top of the stairs I saw my room door broke open, and the prisoner standing at the door, I had left it locked about half an hour before, and took the key in my pocket; the prisoner had some things in her apron, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, the value of the silk gown and coat is about thirty shillings, it would sell for that, the bombazeen gown and coat is about twenty-eight shillings, it would sell for that; a silk cloak which I value at three shillings; and a silk handkerchief, not worth more than two shillings; I know the things, the silk gown and coat I had worn many times, I have no doubt about any of this property: I asked the prisoner who she wanted, she said she wanted one Smith a shoe-maker; I told her there was no such person lodged in the house, she said there did, and it was an orange warehouse; I asked her what she had in her apron, she said they were for Mr. Smith, I asked her to let me see them, she refused, I asked her again, she said they were her own; I told her if they were she would not be ashamed to shew them, she said if I would let her come down I should see them, I did so as far as the landing place, I asked her again to let me see them, and she again refused, I told her I believed they were my property; I called the lodgers on the second floor to come and take the child out of my arms, and I called for more assistance, and the lodgers of the first floor happened to be coming through the passage, and asked what was the matter, we examined her apron against her inclination, and there were the things that are mentioned in the indictment, that lodger took them out of her apron, and the other lodger tied them up, I have had them ever since.
(The things deposed to.)


                  ELIZABETH
                   HASSEL
               



             sworn.
I lodge in the second floor in Mrs. Baker's house, she is a single woman; I heard Mrs. Harrison call, and when I came out she was stopping the prisoner on the landing place on the first floor, I saw the things taken out of her apron which are here, which Mrs. Harrison claimed, I am convinced the prisoner is the same person which took the things.


                  RICHARD
                   BROOK
               



             sworn.
I lodge at Mrs. Baker's, in the room adjoining where Mrs. Harrison lays, I was coming through the passage and heard high words, and the prisoner at the bar refused to shew what she had in her apron; so I called another man and turned these things out of her apron, I am sure to the prisoner, we took her to the watch-house directly.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
When I went up to this person I trod upon these things, I picked them up, and would have come down to have shewn them to this gentlewoman in the parlour, she would not let me; the things were taken out of my lap by force; I trod upon them by accident, I came to see Mr. Smith of High-street Marybon; I never was nigh the room nor in the room; I was searched, I know nothing of the things.
Court to Prosecutrix. In what manner was your door broke? - The staple was forced.
Was there any body there but her at this time? - Nobody but her, and I am sure I locked the door, I tried it after, and I took the key out.
(The Jury desired to look at the property.)




               GUILTY. Of stealing to the value of 20 s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
