





433. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DIGNUM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th day of June
 last, ten shillings and a penny halfpenny in money
            ; the monies of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Tappey
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY
                   TAPPEY
               



             sworn.
I lost ten shillings and a penny halfpenny, last Thursday betwen one and two o'clock, near St. James's Palace


; in the street, there was a great many people in the street; I saw the prisoner's hand drawn from my breeches pocket; I had two umbrellas under my arm, and I had one hand on my pocket-book; and when I felt his hand draw from my pocket, I gave the umbrellas to the ladies with me, and pursued him and took him directly, and I asked why he took my money, and he told me to come along and he would give it me, I said I would go no further, and he struggled, and two men belonging to Bow-street came to my assistance; I did not see him examined; I never had my money again.
Are you sure he is man? - Yes, he talked with me just before.


                  JOHN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol belonging to Bow-street, on the 4th of June about two o'clock, I was going with another person; I heard a noise at the bottom of Paved-alley, and I saw Mr. Tappey had hold of the prisoner, he said he had been robbed, and we took him and searched him, and found two shillings and two-six-pences; the magistrates ordered me to give it him again; it was shewn.


                  RALPH
                   HOLMES
               



             sworn.
I am one of the patrols belonging to Bow-street; I was with Jones, and I saw the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner; I know no more than Jones has said.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am innocent; it is the first time I ever was before such an awful tribunal; if I am set at liberty, I will take care to shun'a crowd another time, and prevent such another unhappy circumstance.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
