





406. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 17th day of January
 last, on the King's highway, upon one 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Chard
                        




                     
                  , in the peace of God, and our Lord the King, then and there being, feloniously did make an assault, and did then and there, in a forcible and violent manner, unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously demanded his money, with intent to rob him
            .
The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   CHARD
               



             sworn.
I belong to Mr. Lucas, inspector of the lamps, I was out in Vigo-lane


, looking after the lamps, to see how they burned, and to give an account; and the prisoner and two more apparently to me, but the prisoner was behind the other two; he turned about to me, and said what is it o'clock; he looked hard at me, I walked on and never said a word; before I got to the pitching-place, the prisoner came up by my side and he told me to stop.
Court. Was this in a violent way, or how? - No, my Lord, he came up to me, and told me to stop, says he deliver your money; with the same I turned about my head, and he was inside, he was towards the wall, I was rather towards the horse-road: I saw something shine in his hand, I cannot tell what it was: then I began to halloo out as hard as ever I could, watch, and stop thief; the prisoner turned himself round, and I turned myself round to pursue him; I ran, and he ran, before he came to the end of Glass-house-street the watchman was coming, and he turned back again further on to the end of the street; then there were four or five watchman came into the middle of the street, and he was taken; I did not lose sight of him; he was very stubborn, and said I struck him over the head; when we came to the watch-house, the prisoner said, I charge this gentleman with striking me over the arm: he was committed to the next day; I am sure he is the man that bid me stop, and he said deliver your money.
Court. Was he abusive at all when he told you to stop? - No, he was not.


                  JOHN
                   PEARCE
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner at half an hour after three; I heard the cry of stop thief, and I met the prisoner running, with something in his hand, I do not know what it was; he turned short, and I heard something drop, but I cannot tell what it was; I pursued him; I told the watchman something was dropped.
Prisoner. He said he saw another man putting something under the rails. - No, I said this man.


                  ROBERT
                   MITTON
               



             sworn.
I am patrol of St. James's, I found a knife on Thursday morning the 17th.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am a hatter, I served part of my time in Spital-fields, and a young man, an acquaintance of mine was going to Reading, and he asked me to see him off: I live in Beak-street, and going along I met the prosecutor, and asked him what it was o'clock; I believe I had got about one hundred yards from him, and I heard the cry of stop thief; and I ran and saw this gentleman close to me, and he came and took me; there was another man standing on the curb stone; there was nothing found upon me; this watchman said he saw the other man putting something under the rails; then they took me to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
