





625. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Martin 
                           Hughes
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 28th of September
 last, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and demanding his watch and money
            .


                  MARTIN
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
On Saturday the 28th of September last, between the hours of eleven and twelve at night, I was going home through the King's Road, opposite John-street


, the prisoner stopped me, and demanded my watch and money; he repeated his demand; I said, no, and stepped back: he 
               
                  drew
               


             a large knife upon me, which I seized, and knocked him down. I called for assistance, and had him taken to the watch-house; I took the knife from him, and gave it to the officer of the night, the constable has got the knife: two small knives were found upon him; he at first appeared to be sober, but afterwards he seemed in liquor.
Prisoner's counsel. Where do you live? - I live at the corner of Dyott-street, Saint Giles's; I am a carpenter
; I wrenched the knife out of his hand by the blade, it was bent by the twist; the prisoner struggled to get away.


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. The knife was given to me in the watch-house.
(The knife produced, and two small knives, which were found on the prisoner; the large knife deposed to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's counsel. Did the prisoner appear in liquor? - Yes.


                  RICHARD
                   DEEZEY
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman. The prosecutor, Mr. Hughes, had the prisoner by the collar in one hand, and the knife in the other; Mr. Hughes called watch, and said the prisoner demanded his watch and his money; the prisoner denied knowing any thing about the knife, and he did not make any charge against the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Counsel. Do you know which called watch? - I think Hughes.
Was the prisoner drunk? - He did not appear drunk.
Which gave the charge? - Hughes.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Mr. Hughes knocked me down, and kicked me; I called watch several times.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
