





258. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ELLIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of January
, two keys, value 2 d. and 2 s. 6 d. in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mead
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   MEAD
               



             sworn.
I am butler
 to Mr. Graham, in Lower Grosvenor-street, I was in the pit passage going to Drury-lane


, and the prisoner stood on the right-hand of me, he pushed up against me, and catched his hand in my righthand pocket, he took two shillings and one sixpence; I caught him immediately, he said he had not got it, but I could feel him take it, and he made away with it; the crow was very great, but there was no soul at my right-hand but him; a person along with me had hold of my left-arm; I am sure it was the prisoner that jostled me.
Prisoner's Council. Who are you? - I am butler to Mr. Graham.
If I understand you right, there was a very great crowd in the passage, and yet no man to the right but him? - No, there was a great crowd to the left.
Was the crowd all on one side of the passage? - I got to the right, having a person to my left.
Do you mean to say in such a crowd as this, there was no man but this man? - I caught the prisoner's hand in my pocket.
Was there any crowd at all? - There was a great crowd.
Have you always said that you caught this man's hand in your pocket? - Yes.

Did you say so there? - I did, I am sure I said so there.
Did you let him go? - The constable secured him.
Did you not let the man go? - I let him go so far as the crowd pushed him away.
Did you ever seize hold of him when he was near you? - I did.
Did you lose the keys at the time? - I did.
You caught his hand in your pocket, but you did not catch the keys in his hand? - I did not, I could not get hold of his hand then.
Did not you repeatedly promise the man, if he would give you the keys you would let him go? - Yes, he said he had not got them.
You let him go immediately? - I did not let him go immediately, I had hold of him a good while, I let him go to feel in my pocket, and it was turned inside out; I felt to see whether I had the key left, as to the money, it was no object; I put eight shillings and six-pence in my pocket. The man never used any foul language.
Prisoner. I wish to know of this gentleman where the keys was found? - They were brought to me by the constable.
Prisoner. Were they found near the place where I was challenged? - I was not present.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The keys were found two hundred yards from me, I have subpoened the man who picked the keys up, and he will not come; this gentleman challenged me, he was going down with a lady, I happened to be of one side of him, he laid hold of my arm, halloo, says he, I thought he thought I was getting before, says I, what are you about, Sir, he immediately let me go to get a good place; he came after me again, and laid hold of me; says he, I have been robbed, and you must be the man, you was next me; says I, for God's sake do not mention it; says he, give me the keys, says he, I will swear that you are the man, right or wrong; I asked him what alarmed him, he said my being next him: I was taken and searched, I had half a guinea, and two shillings and sixpence, he said he thought one of the sixpences found in my possession was his, and he could almost venture to swear to it; the Justice advised him not. When the man brought the keys up to the office, they were found at about two hundred yards from me; he said, there is no occasion to bind this man over. I have sent for this man that found the keys, and have not been able to get him; it was above two hundred yards from where I was taken.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
