





787. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KENDRICK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 5th day of September
 last, one linen handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of a person unknown.


                  RICHARD
                   WILLETT
               



             sworn.
I am a housekeeper and patrol belonging to St. Sepulchre's, on Tuesday the 5th of September last, at Bartholomew fair


, between seven and eight, I saw the prisoner put his hand in a man's right hand coat pocket, and take this white linen handkerchief, I immediately laid hold of his hand with this handkerchief in his hand; I found nothing at all about him but another handkerchief which he said was his; I am certain he is the man; I took him directly into custody, he was very restive; he had got or nine ten with him, he made several blows at me.

Prisoner. How far was you distant from me? - Not a yard; the gentleman was shuffled away. I heard an offer was made to Osborne.
Prisoner. Why did not you call to him? - I did not.
Was it not dark? - It certainly was dark, but at the same time all the links were round, and a shew just by; I took him at the back of the shew.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The handkerchief he says I took I exchanged with a young man for a silk handkerchief, and I had it in my pocket, and I pulled it out to wipe my face, and he came and took me.
- OSBORNE sworn.
I am a gun-maker; I saw the other witness shoot forward and seize the prisoner's hand with this handkerchief in it, I assisted to take him, I caught hold of his right hand, the prisoner threw his arms about, and said you shall not take me, the others jostled us; the prisoner said at the watch-house, that he had had one handkerchief six weeks, and the other three months; and he said they were neither of them marked; and they are both marked; the next day he offered me some atonement if I would not say too much; and when he was fully committed, he promised to drop me a guinea or two, not to appear before the Grand Jury.
Prisoner. Did I shew you any money? - No.
Court to Willett. Did you hear any offer made to Osborn by the prisoner? - I did at Wood-street Compter.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
