





793. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MERCHANT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d day of July
 last, one silk cloak, value 30 s. and one gauze cap, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH
                   CLARKE
               



            . sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  James
                   Clarke
               



            , I was at Mr. Heartley's, in Golden Square


, with the house-keeper, and I lost a silk cloak, and a cap from a drawer, which was in the first floor; I heard the prisoner coming down stairs, and I took him in the passage with the things upon him, between one and two; the door was left on the chain for the workmen in the back yard; I caught hold of him, and asked him what he did up stairs, he said he wanted the workmen, I told him they were backwards, I called for assistance, and Mr. Hill came and took the things from the prisoner, he was secured, he did not offer to go away, the workmen were in the passage, Mr. Hill came in a minute; Mr. Hill and me went up stairs, and we found all the drawers open, and I immediately called out stop him, for he has robbed me!
- HILL sworn.
On the 23d of July I came to assist in securing the prisoner, and Mrs. Clarke and me went up stairs, and found the doors and the drawers open, and he pulled out the cloak from his breeches, and the gauze cap from out of his bosom, which he gave to me.
(Deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am a plaisterer, I was out of employ, and I saw this house repairing, and I went in to see for work, and this gentlewoman met me at the foot of the stairs, and asked me who I wanted, I asked for the plaisterers, she told me to stay in the passage till she came down, and she went up and brought down the cloak and cap in her hand.
Court. How came you by them about you? - I had them not about me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
