






576. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GARDNER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PICKARD
                  



               
             were indicted for that 


               they, on the 21st day of May
 last, one hundred weight of lead, value 20 s. affixed to the house of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Hignett
                     




                  , feloniously did rip and cut with intent to steal
            .


                  THOMAS
                   DOWNS LAMB
               



             sworn.
I am landlord of the estate; and we have lost a vast quantity of lead; I know nothing of the prisoners; twenty pounds will not replace the lead.


                  JOHN
                   CARTER
               



             sworn.
I am a private watchman to Sir 
               
                  James
                   Esdaile
               



            ; on the 21st of May, I saw the two prisoners at the bar come out of Blue-anchor-alley into Lamb's-buildings; I saw them advance towards Mrs. Hignett's house, which is in Lamb's-buildings


, and when they were within ten yards of the premises, I saw the prisoner P ickard point with his right hand to the said house, and they went into the yard and took a survey of the place; then they advanced to the brick wall which parts Sir 
               
                  James
                   Esdaile
               



            's shops from the buildings; Pickard was under the wall, but 
               
                  James
                   Gardner
               



             I had in sight all the time; I had a suspicion that they were about no good, and the reason of my suspicion was this, Mr. Lamb's property had been stolen about ten days before in the same manner as they were attempting now; we had a large range of lights which was about twenty feet long, but I drew towards the other end, and there I had a full prospect of them; before I got to the other end Pickard was upon the pent-house of the house, he got on by the assistance of 
               
                  James
                   Gardner
               



            ; he then stood upright on the pent-house; there was a little rubbish, either mortar or stones, I cannot tell which; I saw him chuck it bit by bit into a yard; then I saw them begin to cut and rip; and as soon as I saw I could do it without prejudice to my master's property, I thought it was my duty to prevent them from taking another's property; I went in search of the patrol, the watch was off, I looked down Bunhill-row, and I saw three men coming from the watch-house, and I took them there, I had not time to state the case to them then; I went into Cherry-tree-alley, and when we came into the buildings, Smith the watchman, which is here, called out to Taylor, who was a watchman of that beat, and Taylor answered him, which surprised the prisoners at the bar, and they dropped off without taking any of the lead, any otherwise than cutting or ripping it; the lead I found was off the pent-house of the door, it was cut as near as I can guess within five inches of each end of it; I can rather guess to the width and length, than to the weight, I fancy it may be about four feet long, and twenty-two inches wide.
Mr. Lamb. It is about five feet long, by three feet wide.
What weight do you suppose it may be? - I really cannot tell, I am no judge of weight; as soon as the prisoners were secured one of them dropped this knife open.
(The knife produced.)


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I went up Bunhill-row and met the last witness, and got another watchman and we went into the buildings, and I saw the two prisoners coming out of he gate, we took them, and one of them dropped this knife.
PRISONERS DEFENCE.
We know nothing of it.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
