





720. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHARTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th day of September
, sixty pair of silk stockings, value 15 l. and twenty-four pair of cotton stockings, value 24 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Savignac
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  CHARLES
                   SAVIGNAC
               



             sworn.
I am a hosier
; I live at No. 147 in the Strand


; the prisoner was my shopman
; I sent him home with some goods to Sir 
               
                  Harry
                   Parker
               



             on the 7th instant; and he had not been gone above a quarter of an hour, when a person came from Bow-street to tell me he was in custody for having some stockings in his possession which were supposed to be my property, and offering to pawn them at Mr. Heather's; I went up to the office and saw the stockings that he offered to pawn, and swore to them, and they are here.
What quantity? - Two pair only.
Were they any of those which you had sent to Sir 
               
                  Harry
                   Parker
               



            ? - No, my Lord; I went up the next day, and saw a greatquantity produced by different pawnbrokers and swore to them.
- HEATHER sworn.
I live in Long-acre; I am a pawnbroker; on Friday the 7th instant, the prisoner brought these two pair of stockings to my house, and wanted to pawn them for half a guinea; I asked him how he came by them, and he said he bought them; he had a little parcel lying upon the counter; I went to lay hold of that to see what it was, and he snatched it away; then I laid hold of him by the collar and took him into custody immediately; these are the two pair of stockings.
Prosecutor. These are my stockings.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
