





112. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DREW
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 18th January
, 100 lb. weight of lead, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Simpson
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a certain building of his
            , against the statute.


                  JOHN
                   WHISKER
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole. I heard some people on this building, and I stopped a little while, and I heard them say now. I drew my cutlass, and took two of them into custody. The lead was on the ground, in the passage, and the two men were close by the lead. I called to my partners, but they did not hear me; and the two men refused to stay, and the prisoner came up at me with a stick in his hand. I said, you rascal keep away, or I will do for you, for I know you well. He then began to strike, and I was obliged to let the man go, and him too. They all ran away. I took the lead to the watch-house. I went in pursuit of the prisoner, knowing him: we knocked at his landlord's door, and I heard somebody frisk down. I took the prisoner before four o'clock; when I laid hold of the other two men, one or two others rushed away, when I heard somebody say now, I heard a great noise, and I suppose the lead fell.


                  JAMES
                   SADLER
               



             sworn.
I assisted in taking the prisoner.


                  THOMAS
                   BOWDEN
               



             sworn.
I fitted the lead to the place.
Prisoner. I went to assist the two men, seeing them in custody, by their desire, to rescue them. I was in liquor.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


