






204. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BLATHERHORN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of February
 instant, six yards of printed cotton, value 12 s. five yards of other printed cotton, value 14 s. twelve cotton handkerchiefs, value 24 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Warburton
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   WARBURTON
               



             sworn.
I live in Norton Falgate


, I am a linen-draper
, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, on the 13th of this month, between twelve and one; I and my shop-man were in the back shop, there is a partition between the two shops, and there is a piece of goods which hangs on one side of the door, which prevented the prisoner from seeing us; there was nobody in the fore shop, I was busy, but my man was not, the things that the prisoner took were hanging on a rail within the shop, on one side the door, I saw my shopman run out of the back shop, and to the best of my knowledge I heard him say, what are you going to do with them, I ran out, and my man had hold of the prisoner's arm, and the things were thrown on the threshold, which was about a yard off the rail, I seized the prisoner, he swore bitterly, and endeavoured to extricate himself, I sent for a constable and took him before a magistrate.
Court. Was it possible for the prisoner coming into the shop to have bought a handkerchief, to have swept these things off with his arm? - No.


                  JAMES
                   RAWLINSON
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to the prosecutor, I was standing in the back shop, and I saw the things mentioned in the indictment move, and I saw somebody's hand take them off the rail, I ran immediately out, and the prisoner seeing me flung them down, he had got them in his hands.
Court. You are sure the prisoner had them in his hands? - Yes, my Lord, I asked him what what he was going to do with them, he made some excuse that he wanted to buy something, then my master came, and I was sent for a constable, I am sure the prisoner at the bar took them off the rail, I saw them in his hands, I saw him fling them down, I saw his hands heave them off.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
When I came into the shop, these things hung into the door, which any body that went in would not see on a rail; I laid hold on some handkerchiefs, and the lad asked me what I wanted, I said I wanted to buy a handkerchief, he said I wanted to steal one, I said you think so, charge a constable with me; I have no witnesses, I did not think my trial would have come on.
Court. Is what he says true? - No, not a word of it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
