





713. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SAFELY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
 last, four linen aprons, value 8 s. a callico shawl,value 1 s. a cotton gown, value 5 s. a cotton petticoat, value 5 s. a shift, value 5 s. three cotton stockings, value 1 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Mayles
                        



                     
                  ; five frocks, value 30 s. eleven pin-cloths, value 6 s. a pair of shoes, value 1 s. two caps, value 6 d. three shirts, value 2 s. two half handkerchiefs, value 1 s. two towels, value 6 d. a folding sheet, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Best
                        



                     
                  , Esquire

.


                  SARAH
                   MAYLES
               



             sworn.
I am the nurse
 that belongs to the child, I live with 
               
                  George
                   Best
               



            , Esq. at Stamford Brook


; the child is about fourteen months old; I lost all the linen in the indictment on the 8th of this month, out of the landry; it had been washed and hung out to dry, I saw it at six in the evening; about nine the next morning, I found the landry window broke; the window appeared to have been wrenched open with an iron; the things are here.


                  JOHN
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Best; my fellow servant called me in the morning, and I found the window broke open, and this iron sticking in the ground, under it; the window is not above three feet high; it opens towards the shrubbery in the garden; the window appeared to me to have been wrenched open with this iron. (A gardener's tool to hold a line.)
A WITNESS sworn.
I am shepherd to Mr. Bowling, at Turnham-green; about a quarter of a mile from Mr. West's; I saw this prisoner about seven on Wednesday morning, the 9th of September, in the the third field from Mr. Best's; he was walking about the field; it is no foot path, and I thought he had no business there; as soon as I got out of his sight, I watched him, and I saw him go to a dunghill, and take two bundles out; he tied them up in a blue apron, and got over in a common field, and there is a foot path to Acton, and under a bit of a brow of bushes he stopped; I went across to him, and he put the bundle down; I asked him if he was at breakfast, or at work for any body there? and he said, yes; then I named some person, and he said no; I went down a little, to get over the common shore, which is very wide, to get over to him; and as soon as he saw me coming over, he took up the bundle, and made the best of his way; he only walked; I overtook him at some distance; I asked him what he had there? he said it was no business of mine; I told him I thought he had something there, he should not have; I insisted on seeing what he had got; he said I should not; and he kept on; and I kept on the side of him, till we came to the Uxbridge Road; and he made a short turn; and I said, what do you turn for? and he said, I will go back again, what do you follow me about for? I said, I will follow you, go where you will, to see what you have in the bundle; and he turned back towards Turnham-green again; and I turned with him; and when he came into the middle of the field, he threw down the two bundles, and said, you may have the bundles, if you will let me go about my business; and I took him by the collar; and he threw himself back, to get away from me; and drew himself clean out of his coat, and ran away; and I after him; I catched him at some distance, and brought him back, and put his coat on again; and he went down on his knees, and begged and prayed to me; and said he had a wife and five children; and he said, should I either hang or trouble him, what was to become of his family; then I secured him, and took him to Acton; and took the bundle; the constable has had it every since.


                  WILLIAM
                   HAYWOOD
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner into custody, and the property; I have had it ever since.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On Wednesday morning, I got up from my wife and small family, desiring to get some bread for them; I went throughHammersmith, and I could not light of any work; I thought I would take across the fields to Acton and Brentford; and as I was going along, I saw an old bit of a dunghill; and commonly there are mushrooms in it; and I went to look, and there I found this bundle; I went directly over to this corn-field, and sat down; and there this man came and took me; and brought a great dog, which frightened me.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
