





762. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RUMBALD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of September
 last, fifty printed paper pamphlets, value 30 s. and 50 lb. weight of paper, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Woodfall
                  




               
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)


                  SARAH
                   ATKINSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Dorset-street, Fleet-street; I know the prisoner; I did not buy any thing of him; I bought it of this Christopher, that is Pinchin; I knew Christopher by using the shop before; he said, he had brought me some waste paper; I asked him if it was his? he said, no, the warehouse-man had sent him to sell it, for him; I bought it as waste paper, and used it as such; it is the very same I bought of him.
Mr. Sheridan, Prisoner's Counsel. Did this paper consist of pamphlets that were saleable? - I looked upon them as waste paper.
Did you see by them that they were pamphlets that were unbound, but in the state they came from the press? - I certainly looked upon them as waste paper.
Did you ever see news papers with a stamp, sold for waste paper? - I did not take notice.
You know of no connection between the prisoner and the man that sold them, but what he told you? - No.


                  WILLIAM
                   WOODFALL
               



             sworn.
How long did the prisoner live with you? - About three months.
Prisoner. Eight months, if you please.
A short time; I will state the leading circumstances, which will throw light on the transaction, though they may not be immediate evidence; on Thursday my overseer, Mr. Rogers, sent me word that something alarming had happened; I thought the house was on fire, at least; and in the morning, when I got up, I called him down, and asked him the facts; and in consequence of what the overseer said to me, I went to Bow-street, to ask Sir Sampson Wright or some of the magistrates, what I should do; they said I could do nothing, but wait till I was robbed again, and watch the people, or discharge the man; and extort from him what had been stolen; It has been stated by the counsel, that I sent for the prisoner and Pinchin; but the prisoner stated his suspicions against Pinchin; who declared he never had stole any thing; he said he sold the sweepings to a house in Fleet-lane; and was very willing to go there and make any enquiry; I had hardly been out of my private office tenminutes before my clerk came over and gave me information against the prisoner; and directed my overseer to Atkinson's; while they were gone to Atkinson's, the prisoner was in my dwelling house; when they came back, they produced the paper, which is now in Court; that was 
               
                  Rogers
               


             the overseer, who came back from Atkinson's, and produced the bundles of paper, now in Court; I called the prisoner into the room, and shewed him these, and asked him if he had sold them; he said, yes; not a single word of menace or promise was said to him; I asked him how they came to be his property; he said he considered them as his perquisite; I then took up different parts of them, some of them Morning Chronicles, with a stamp on, on which I could have had the return; I said are these waste papers? he looked blank on them; they are entire pamphlets, tied up in fifties and twenty fives, and for which I paid nine pence a piece; I sent for a constable, and took him before the alderman; he said freely, Christopher was in the room, Pinchin brought him the money; he stated he had, and did not deny them.
Is there any pretence in the trade, for such perquisites? - I have been a printer for twenty years; I never heard of such a thing; but I should think the very appearance of them would prove it; I have stated them considerably under the value at thirty shillings and eighteen shillings.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   PINCHIN
               



             sworn.
I am a servant of Mr. Woodfall's ever since the 13th of October, I carried these books and papers to Atkinson's; I received them from 
               
                  Thomas
                   Rumbald
               



            ; I saw them weighed in three different parcels, with a kind of waste paper round them; I received one and twenty shillings and nine-pence halfpenny; I paid all the money I received to the prisoner.
Mr. Sheridan. Did you know that property belonged to Mr. Woodfall? - Certainly, because it was on his premises.
Did you know it to be the property of the prisoner? - I do not know; he claimed it as his property, by the order of the overseer, to sell as waste paper; it was concealed as waste paper; and tied up with brown paper round it; I never saw the contents till it was brought back again; the person bought it in the lump, without ever undoing it.
Did you ever know the prisoner, from Mr. Woodfall, to have any authority to sell any paper? - No further than what he said he had from Mr. Rogers.


                  THOMAS
                   ROGERS
               



             sworn.
I am overseer of Mr. Woodfall's business; I never till this day heard that the man insinuated such a liberty; I never was applied to; they would have fetched a great deal more money, if they had been really a fair perquisite; I was present when he said he had sent Pinchin with these; he said he had sold it, and thought it his perquisite.
Mr. Sheridan. I believe you hired the prisoner? - Yes.
Did not you tell him that there were some perquisites besides his salary? - Never, indeed, Sir.


                  JOSEPH
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am the constable; this paper has been in my cellar ever since the time it was delivered up.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have nothing further to say, than this, when I came into the service I had sixteen shillings a week; I had eighteen shillings before as a book binder; Mr. Rogers told me he supposed I should make it worth my while after I had been some time; I did not make away with one single article of property; had I made away with any thing; I am confident I never made away with one single part; the place was never locked; if it was locked the windows might be taken down at any time, that any person might get in; and I never sold this, nor was it by my consent; I was intrusted with great sums of money, at various times, in Mr. Woodfall's service; never a daywithout thirty or forty pounds; and never any one could take any notice of it, only the clerk, to give it me to pay; and several times one hundred pounds and one hundred and twenty pounds; therefore I appeal to you my lord, and the gentlemen of the jury; I hope it will never be thought that I made any ill use of what is here pretended; I declare to God that I know no more of what is there before you, than any one here present; had I had any dishonest intention I might have done it to hundreds of pounds; neither Mr. or Mrs. Atkinson can say, I either bought or sold this property.
Mr. Sheridan. Mr. Woodfall, until that day, you had no reason to suspect the character of this man? - 
               
                  Till
               


             the fact came out, I should as soon have suspected my nearest relation: it is most true, he was at times intrusted with large sums of money; he is the last man I should have suspected; I had not the least idea, till it came out: I take it for granted, that I may have given the clerks surplus money.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
