





627. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EDWARDS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 11th of October
 instant, one piece of gold coin of this realm called a guinea, value 1 l. 1 s.
             the monies of 
               
                  
                     Jarvis 
                     Chambers
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Langston
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Luke 
                  Hall
               



            .



                  LUKE
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
About a fornight since I put a sum of money in my desk, in the counting house, in the evening, when I went to lock up my money, I should something short, one and an half, or two, but one and an half positively; I put in thirty guineas and an half, and I found only twenty-nine. I suspected that some person in the house had robbed me; I clear the till in the middle of the day and lock it up, an uncertain sum, it is not usual for us to tell it, but this was a certain sum I had taken of a customer; I mentioned my apprehensions to my partners, and asked them if they had taken any money from the next box, they said no. I said I would mark some money, and put it into this box; I marked fourteen guineas and an half, and put it into the same desk, in a little bowl; in the evening I found only thirteen and an half of that I am clear; the prisoner stood near me, he was clerk to us; I had not resolution enough to seize him, though I strongly suspected him.
Court. Was the desk open or locked? - It was sometimes left open, and he had access to it by that means; I did not take him that night, but I told one of the servants to ask him to lend him three or four guineas, which he did, but he said he had only some silver. I put in the remaining thirteen guineas and an half; and the next evening, which was last Thursday, while I was up at tea, the servant whom I told to borrow the money of him, came up to me, and said, Sir, I am very fearful the clerk is the person that you suspected, for I saw him at your desk with the bowl in his hand. When I went down, which was not immediately, I found the money just as I had put it in, thirteen and an half: hearing that the prisoner had been at the desk, I suspected that he had found he had a marked guinea. I determined to mark some money in another way; this was a visible mark with a cross; next morning I marked 19 guineas; in the afternoon between four and five, I called the servant into the counting-house, and bid him see that I put nineteen guineas into the bowl; and between six and seven I went to the money, and told it, and found one guinea gone; I told my partners here is one guinea short of what I can swear I put in, and I suspect the clerk
. I went and mentioned it to the prisoner, and told him my suspicions: he said, How can you suspect me, you are welcome to search me? I found nothing about him but a few shillings; he persisted in his innocence; I told him to pull off his shoes, I found nothing there. I was fearful I had suspected a wrong person; I was ready to make concessions to him. Then I searched the rest of the people in the house. I told the prisoner if he would confess, I would not take any notice of it, he still persisted in his innocence. The servant said, let him take off his breeches; the prisoner replied, you would not be so indecent as to have me strip. I insisted he should pull off his breeches, and he pulled them off, and immediately the guinea dropped out. The prisoner fell down on his knees, and said, for God's sake, have mercy on me, I am a ruined man. I took up the guinea, I found it marked in the same manner as the other eighteen guineas; I gave it to the constable 
               
                  Simon
                   Cooke
               



            ; it was marked with a graver, in the figure of the date of the year, either upon or close to it. I have the other eighteen by me now, which I marked in the same manner. At this time there was near 50 l. due to him for wages, he put into our hands 15 l. at interest. He had lived with us three years; he lived in a stile that we thought he could not afford, but we knew he had good friends: I am much hurt at his conduct; I feel for him as a man: but I thought the guilt was too great to escape public justice.


                  DAVID
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner standing against the desk in the counting-house, the desk shrieks, I was looking out an order of lace, I stepped out to the window, looking through the window, I saw the prisoner standing; I waited there for a minute, I saw him take up the lid of the desk with his left hand, and with his right hand take up the bowl, and put it again into the desk. I saw the money counted by Mr. Hall, and took it down on a bit of paper: I was present while he was searched, I cannot justly say from what part of his breeches it came out; the prisoner fell on his knees, and said, Lord have mercy on me.


                  SIMON
                   COOKE
               



            , the Constable sworn.
(Produced the guinea.) It is a guinea Mr. Hall put in a bit of paper, and sealed it, and I wrote my name on it; I have had it ever since the time I came to the mansion-house.
(The guinea produced and deposed to by Mr. Hall, to be the same that fell from the prisoner's breeches.
The prisoner called seven witnesses who gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
