






756. 
               
                  
                     MARK 
                     WOOD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d day of October
, ten cloth coats, value 10 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hazard
                        




                     
                  , Esq
; in the dwelling of 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Taylor
                     



.
The witnesses examined separate at the request of the prisoner.


                  JOSEPH
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor, I live in Oxendon-street


: Captain


                  Hazard
               


             lodged in my house on the first floor: I was in my house between six and seven o'clock, on the 3d of October, a servant girl called out thieves! I ran out of the back parlour into the passage; she said, the thief was gone out of the window; I ran into the street to pursue the thief, presently I saw a number of people coming to the top of the street out of Coventry-street, and going nearer towards them, I saw the prisoner at the bar, and a servant of Capt. Hazard's bringing the prisoner along with several others; I assisted to take him to Litchfield-street Office, he was examined and committed.


                  ANN
                   LINDSEY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Taylor, I was going up one pair of stairs about half past six o'clock, on the 3d of October, to light Captain 
               
                  Hazard
               


            's fire, and as I was going up, I saw a man stand at the dining-room window with a large bundle of clothes in his hand; the sash was up, and his back was towards me: I instantly halloo'd out thieves, he turned round and looked me full in the face, and dropped the bundle from out of his left-hand by the window in the room: Then he put one leg over as I may lift mine: There were ten coats in the bundle of Captain 
               
                  Hazard
               


            's. I saw the man when he was brought back in my master's parlour: It was half an hour after.
Court. Was the prisoner the man you first saw? - Yes, I am very sure of it.


                  CHARLES
                   GRUBB
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I have had the bundle in my care ever since. I know nothing of the fact.
Court to Taylor. Who is the man they had in custody when they came to the top of the street? - The prisoner is the man which Captain 
               
                  Hazard
               


            's servant had in custody; the servant is ill: here is one green coat with gold binding, which I have seen on his back, or something similar to that; I make no doubt but it is the same.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The same day I met my brother he had been at sea, and was going to Bristol, and I went to the White Horse Cellar, and on my return, I came down Coventry-street, and some people were coming, and they took me to Oxendon-street, and some of the servants beat me over the head, and they took me up into the room.
Court. What way of life have you been in? - A shoe-maker.
Where did you work last? - I buy my own leather and sell shoes to warehouses, I sold two pair the day before to Mr. Day the corner of Castle Yard: Mr. Day was with me two hours ago.




               GUILTY. Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
