





115. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NASH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Evans
                        



                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 28th day of November
 last, and putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, five linen shirts, value 10 s. two shifts, value 4 s. three neckcloths, value 2 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     - Davis
                     


                  ; one flannel petticoat, value 1 s. two shifts, value 3 s. three handkerchiefs, value 1 s. one pair of pockets, value 18 d. one night cap, value 4 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah Mary 
                           Whitnell
                        



.


                  SAMUEL
                   EVANS
               



            .
What will happen to you if you do not speak the truth? - If I do not speak the truth I must go to hell.
Do you know that you are liable to be punished here as well as hereafter? - Yes.


                  SAMUEL
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
On the 28th of November, I was carrying linen belonging to Mrs. Whitnell and Mr. Davis; Mrs. Whitnell delivered the linen to me; I received it at six in the evening; I received Davis's first; I carried the linen to King-street


, and at the corner of King-street the man snatched the bundle out of my hand, and ran up King-street.
Did he do nothing to you but snatch the bundle? - No, Sir.
He did not touch you? - No.
Did you see him before he snatched it? - I saw him behind; I did not take any notice of him; I did not lose sight of him till he was stopped: he dropped the bundle just before him; I did not see him drop it; I am sure I never lost sight of him till he was taken; I took up the bundle and went to the Justice's; and went with it in my hands.
Mr. Garrow. You had nothing of your own that these bundles were put into? - There was a towel of my mother's; Mrs. Whitnell used to have her linen put in it.
You do not know what linen there was in it? - No, the maid is here that delivered them to me, and looked them up; there was nobody ran after him but myself; the gentleman that stopped him was coming out of doors.
A WITNESS sworn.
I was standing at my door; I heard the cry of stop thief; I pursued this man and took him.
Who was following him? - A little boy with a bundle; when he came up, he said, this is the man; there was no one following him; I did see the bundle when the little boy took it up: I took the prisoner opposite to the Buffalo tavern; I had the man in my possession when the boy came up.


                  FRANCIS
                   BATE
               



             sworn.
I came out of my shop door, and I heard the cry of stop thief; and I saw the last witness with the prisoner in his possession, he told me to assist him in carrying him to the Justice; I know nothing more.


                  MARY
                   BUXTON
               



             sworn.
I delivered some linen to be washed to this little lad.
What linen was it? - Five shirts, two shifts, three neckcloths.
Whose property were they? - The property of 
               
                  James
                   Davis
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   BEAMISH
               



             sworn.
These things were brought with the prisoner to the office, and they were put in my care; they were brought by the boy
; they have been in my possession ever since.
(The shirts deposed to.)
Buxton. I can swear to the sleeves and the iron moulds.


                  MARY
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
The little boy used to bring the linen to me to wash; it was not brought to me as I expected; I know Mrs. Whitnell's things; I know them by being marked with oilet holes at the bosom; I have washed for her these ten years; here are two petticoats; I know them by the bindings.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am a stranger to this town; my mistress was very ill the night the robbery was committed; I was going to Oxford-road; I followed the cry up King-street, and the witness laid hold of me; the boy came up in about two minutes, and said I was the person, but he could not swear to me, only that I had a whitish coat on.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
