





668. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BENNET
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th day of October
, one guinea, value 21 s. one half guinea, value 10 s. 6 d. and 3 s. in monies numbered
            , the monies of 
               
                  Jesse 
                  Upjohn
               




            .
The case opened by Mr. Peatt.
(The witnesses examined separate on both sides.)


                  JESSE
                   UPJOHN
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 11, Old Pye-street, Westminster


; I am a chandler
 and stonemason
; on Sunday morning the 19th of October, going to put five guineas intothe desk of my bureau, there were then ten guineas; I counted them, I put a private mark on the eight guineas, and the four half guineas I took a memorandum of the dates, in the presence of my wife, and I told her my plan to find out the thief; I told my wife my reason for marking them, after they were so marked, I put them in that drawer again, and locked the bureau; on the Sunday night I counted eight guineas, and four half guineas; my wife had one key of that bureau, and I had another; on the Monday morning at breakfast, I opened the bureau to look at them; I did not count them, but I saw them laying in the same manner as they did the Sunday night, I left them locked up again, and when I came home to my dinner, between twelve and one, before I was gone from my dinner, the prisoner came in, I went out about seven in the morning, the prisoner came while I was at breakfast, and went away again before I went away, I saw him again about one; just as I had done my dinner he came in, I had not been gone above an hour before my wife sent for me, and I came home, and found there was a guinea, and half a guinea short of ten, there was the appearance of the lock having been broke open; I immediately went to the justice's and apprehended the prisoner; he was taken, and that guinea and half guinea that I lost, was in his breeches pocket; I saw him searched, I saw the guinea and the half guinea taken from him; the prisoner told me it was the first time of his taking any, and that he hoped I would be merciful; them were the words he made use of.
Did you say any thing to induce him to say so? - Not a word, I told him he behaved like a villain to me.
Did you promise him any favour? - I did not.
Mr. Silvester, Prisoner's Counsel. The prisoner and you were intimate? - Very, he was a servant out of place, and he used to be at our house off and on.
Serve in the shop? - He never was allowed to do so, he sometimes of his own accord served a farthing candle.
Did he take the money? - He very seldom took any money.
You was not at home? - I knew the nature of it very well.
You go to work of a morning? - Yes, and when I think proper, I stay at home, my wife conducts the business of the shop, I know she takes the money; I know he was not permitted to take money.
He was very intimate with the family? - Yes.
This money you and your wife had marked on the Sunday night? - Yes.
Have you told us all that passed? - As far as I can recollect.
I understand then, that the whole of this business you have told us, as far as you can recollect? - I do not know but I have.
What think you of compromising? - It was proposed to me; I said that twenty guineas would not satisfy me for the injury he had done me.
How come you to send for a man of the name of Medley, you know Medley? - Yes, why his brother proposed giving me a note; the prisoner acknowledged while he was in prison, that he had taken ten pounds of my money, and Mr. Lawrence and his brother both told me that he had that sum of my money.
Had not he this money from your wife at different times? - Not that I know of.
Was not that the acknowledgement, upon your oath? - No, it was not, not at that time, I heard of it afterwards.
When was it? - The Wednesday following.
Then you agreed with Mr. Medley? - I sent for Mr. Medley to make an agreement between us, that he was not to hurt me for making it up; I understood by a particular friend, that it was compounding felony, and therefore I set it aside.
Court. You understood when you sent for Medley, that you was compounding felony? - Not so clearly as I did afterwards.

Not so clearly, but you did by your own account? - Certainly.
How came you to prosecute? - On that account I altered my mind.
Why did you alter your mind? - Because I found it was compounding of felony; and another thing I heard, he said he had laid with my wife.
Have not you carried on this prosecution in consequence of a letter which was written by the prisoner to your wife? - Partly on that account.
Mrs. UPJOHN sworn.
I have known the prisoner about four or five months; on Friday evening last was a week, I put six guineas and a half into a bureau in our back parlour, in the bottom drawer of the bureau; and on the Sunday following I told my husband if he put five guineas more, there would be eleven guineas and a half; I locked up the bureau, I never saw the money again till my husband opened it; I was present, then he put in five guineas in my presence, after that he told it over, and he could find but ten; that was in my presence; my husband said there certainly must be somebody who has taken this money from us, and in the afternoon my husband took eight guineas, he marked them in my presence, and the four half guineas he took the account of them, he told me he had taken the dates of them; I did not see what he did to them, I should know the mark again of the guineas, I saw one or two of them were marked, then my husband put the money into the bureau, I never meddled with it, then the next day in the afternoon, the prisoner came into the house between twelve and one; after that I went into my shop to serve my customers as usual, and the little girl was up stairs, and the prisoner was in the room alone, eight or ten minutes, then he came out into the shop and said to me, good by mother, I have but so many minutes to go to do my duty; I had a suspicion, and went to the bureau, and found the bureau open, and I could find but eight guineas and a half; that was a guinea and a half short again, less than what I left there; then I immediately sent to my husband, he came and went in; he said he would apply to the justice immediately, and the prisoner was taken up, I was not present, I know nothing more.
Mr. Silvester. This young man you knew very well, did not you? - Yes sir, he was an acquaintance.
What we call an intimate acquaintance? - Yes, we looked upon him as such.
You in particular? - Yes, he always behaved very well to me and my husband.
Was you examined before the justice? - No, I was not.
How came that about, they never thought of producing you as witness, did they? - I do not know what they thought, he did not tell me any thing about it; I dare say I was to be a witness, but nothing was said.
Look up, and look the jury in the face? - I do not know what you mean, I can look anybody in the face.
This man was taken up, carried before the justice, and committed, and you was not examined? - Yes, I was at the justice's, but not examined.
You used to call him Billy generally I think, and Billy used to serve in the shop, now and then? - Yes, he has, and my husband knew of this.
You used now and then to give him money? - I never gave him money in my life.
To go to market? - No, never, yes he has been to market, and bought a joint of meat of a Saturday night, he never went above once or twice, and then he told me what he gave for the meat, and I paid him.
You had a key of this bureau? - Yes; my husband and I could go at any time to the bureau, and take what money we liked; I had the command of the shop.
This young man was very good natured in the shop? - He was too good natured.
And you was too good natured; you would now and then sit on his knee tooblige him? - I never sit on his knee to oblige him nor myself; I will not swear I never did, because he would pull any body on his knee, he was impudent enough.
How came you to deny the fact just this moment? - I did not deny it
You know Mrs. Smith, do not you? - Yes, very well.
She came one day at an unlucky minute? - I don't know that it was an unlucky minute; I know when he came, that it was an unlucky minute.
You know she saw you come from an oddish kind of a place? - Where did she see us come from?
You know as well as I do, you know what I mean! there was a little bit of bed in the room, now can you guess? - No, I do not.
Do not you remember her seeing you a coming out a little ruffled or so? - No, I do not.
Take care what you say, she is here? - I do not care who is here.
Why you know you applied to her, and she told you what she could say; do not you remember that? - No, I never asked her any questions at all.
Now good woman, for God's sake, do not add one crime to another; do not you know you did, and that you said you recollected very well, but you believed he had been to measure some coals; now, what say you to that? - I do not know what you mean about measuring coals.
Did not you apply to Mrs. Smith, to know what evidence she could give, and when she told you that she could prove the great intimacy between you two; you then said he had been to measure coals? - I never mentioned coals to Mrs. Smith.
Had you any conversation with her? - Oh! yesterday morning she called upon me, and she Wed me the subpoena, and said she had nothing to say, but that she saw me come out of the room, and him after me.
Why just now, you said you did not recollect that? - No more I did.
Do you mean to say, you never at any time gave him any money? - I will say that I never gave him any money, nor moneys-worth in my life.
He was welcome to any thing the house afforded? - Yes.
Do you know of your husband sending to this man's brother, to make it up? - He sent to him to know what he should do, but he did not send to make it up; my husband sent for the young man's brother, to tell him where his brother was; not to make it up, but to let him know that he was in Tothill-fields; he came to our house.
And your attorney Medley was there? - He is not our attorney, I did not know he was an attorney, he was sent for by somebody, he was no particular acquaintance of ours.
Was you present, when Medley drew up those releases? - I was in and out serving my customers.
How came that agreement broke off? - He wrote me a letter in prison, that letter I shewed to my husband myself.
That made him break the compromise? - I do not know it was that letter, I said I would persuade my husband not to make it up.


                  ANN
                   MUNRO
               



             sworn.
Mr. Silvester. You knew this young man? - Yes, I have seen him serve in the shop, in the presence both of husband and wife.
He was on that footing of intimacy, that Mrs. Upjohn used to call him my dear Billy? - I never heard any such thing; I never saw them any further than seeing them in the shop.
Court to Mr. Peatt. You have a right to ask her as to the conduct of the prosecutrix.
Mr. Peatt. Did you ever see any improper conduct in Mrs. Upjohn? - I never did.
You never saw any indecent conduct in her? - I did not.



                  PETER
                   GOUGH
               



             sworn.
I am a constable.
Was you at any time employed to apprehend the prisoner? - Yes, on Monday, the 20th of October, I went to the Birdcage-walk; he was at exercise; I had a warrant; I apprehended him; I searched his pocket, and found one guinea, one half guinea, and nine shillings in silver, one sixpence, and one half crown piece; I have the guinea and a half; the silver I gave him again; I have had the guinea and a half ever since.
What did the prisoner say to you when you apprehended him? - After we went to the justice's and could not have a hearing, just then we went to the public-house, and the prisoner said to me, what shall I say in my defence? says I, that is best known to yourself; in general, prisoners make the best defences themselves; and when he came before the magistrate, he pretended to say, he had sold a pair of breaches.
Mr. Silvester. Was it taken down in writing, what he said before the magistrate? - No, not there, not by me.
Upon your oath, was it not taken down by the justice, or his clerk? - Yes, I believe the justice's clerk took it down; I called for a pen and ink for him to write a note, and he wrote a note, and gave it to me to carry to Mr. Upjohn.
Should you know the note again, if you saw it? - No, I cannot say I should; I did not read it; he did not tell me the contents of it; I believe there was no information taken down.
Was there an examination taken down in writing? - Not any information taken down to send into court that I know of.
Court. What was taken down in writing? - The brief that the clerk made out afterwards; the justice's clerk did take down the brief.
Court. Was what the prisoner said before the justice taken down? - No, not what the prisoner said; I did not rightly understand it.
Did any body take any thing in writing? - Not that Monday that I served the warrant; I though Mr. Silvester meant the brief that was drawn upon.
Court. Was this examination that you are talking of before the magistrate? - No.
Mr. Silvester. I am in the judgment of the court whether what is said, is an answer to my question.
Court. Let us hear your final explanation of it; at first you said, this was taken down by the clerk? - What I meant, was here, at Clerkenwell; the clerk took it down; that is what they call the brief; that was justice Packer's Clerk; that was concerning this business.
Was the prisoner present? - No, Sir, it was when we went to prefer the bill.
Was that the only time that the clerk wrote any thing down? - That was the only time, except making out the warrant and commitment.
At the time the prisoner was committed, did the clerk take any thing down? - No.
Mr. Silvester. You are the same Mr. Gough that attended at Hick's hall the other day, to prove that there was no letters on a cart? - No, I am not.
When you was examined before, and was giving an account of his being apprehended and carried before the magistrate, you said, that when he came there, after having asked you in the public-house what defence he should make, you told him, he knew lest; and when he came before the magistrate, he made a defence about some breeches; you began, by stating what passed before the magistrate, did you not? - Yes, that was his defence before the magistrate
I then asked you, whether that defence before the magistrate was not taken down in writing? - No, not to my knowledge.
Then afterwards, you said, it was taken down? - Because I meant in that brief
My question did not relate about the brief; I did not mean any information; but my question was, what passed when you came before the magistrate, when thecharge was then made against the man? - No, Sir, it was not.
How came you to swear yes before? - Why in a mistake; I meant the brief.
Will you swear, upon your oath, that no minute, no account of any thing that was done, was taken down before the magistrate at the time? - Not any further than the commitment, to my knowledge.
Were they not writing at a table? - Not that I saw.
No examination in any book, nor on any paper? - There was nothing written but the commitment.
Was not the examination taken of the prosecutor? - No, not that I know of; I saw nothing taken down more than the commitment.
Do you mean to swear then, that no examination, either of the prosecutor, or the prisoner, were taken down before the justice? - Not to my knowledge.
Will you swear it was not? - Nothing more than the commitment.
Then you will swear, that nothing was taken down before the magistrate? - Not to my knowledge; not of an examination; it was on Monday the 20th.
And no information from the prosecutor, nor examination of the defendant, was taken down in writing, by the magistrate, or by his clerk? - Yes, the examination; he was examined, but not taken down in writing, to my knowledge.
When did the clerk take the information? - I do not know that he took any information.
When did he take the examination? - On the Wednesday; and there was no information, or examination, taken down on any book or paper.
How long have you been an officer? - I believe, going of twelve years.
Of what place? - Of St. John's.
And yet you swear you misunderstood my question, which is a plain one? - Yes.
Mr. Peatt. What was it the prisoner said before the magistrate? - The prisoner, in his defence, said, he had sold some breeches; nothing more that I know of.
Court. Did he say nothing more than that? - No.
Was he charged with stealing that money? - Yes, and somebody bid him be quiet and say nothing.
(The Money produced.)
To Prosecutor. Is that, or is it not, one of the guineas which you put in the bureau? - This is one of them; I know it by a private mark which I put upon it.
What is that? - It is a cross, just by the E and the T.
Jury. Were all the eight marked so? - No, four of them were marked another way.
Look at the half guinea? - The half guinea is the same date as that I lost, but I cannot swear it is the same.
Do you know any of the rest of the money that was found? - No.
Jury. How came you not to mark them all alike? - I do not know; but here is the paper I drew out at the time they were marked; the date of the half guinea is 1786.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am innocent; I leave my case to my counsel; the woman gave me the guinea and a half on the Monday; she put her hand to my pocket, and said, my dear, how does your money stand? I said, very low; I put it into my pocket; I am a soldier; says I, my dear, I cannot stay now, I must go; she put her hand round my neck, and said, my dear, let me have a kiss; she has given me ten shillings; fifteen shillings; a guinea; a guinea and a half; and the most she gave me, was thirty-six shillings; I had been to Guilford with an acquaintance that lives opposite; I knew this woman five or six years ago, in Dorsetshire; we both came from there.


                  SARAH
                   ANN SMITH
               



             sworn.
I know Mrs. Upjohn and the prisoner; I have seen him there frequently.

Upon what footing were they? - That I cannot say.
Have you seen any thing particular? - All that I can say in it, is, I went to Mrs. Upjohn's for something that I wanted, and I went to the front door; that was bolted, as it commonly is, when nobody is in the shop; from there, I went to the back door; I opened it, and went in, and could see nobody; I went into the shop; presently Mrs. Upjohn came from this room and served me; before I came out of the shop, the prisoner, 
               
                  William
                   Bennett
               



            , came from the same place, that is the room where the bed was; Mrs. Upjohn seemed rather intimidated; she has had no conversation with me since; I mentioned it to her yesterday morning; and she recollected the time perfectly well; for she believed, she was backward measuring coals; upon my oath, them were the words she said; Mr. Upjohn made answer, and said, Mrs. Smith, was the girl present; I said, no, Mr. Upjohn, the girl was not.
Did you ever see any money pass between them? - Never but once; that was of a Saturday night; she gave him half a crown out of the till; and said, Bill, buy a loin of lamb; that was to go to market to buy a loin of lamb.
Mr. Peatt. What are you? - My husband is a journeyman carpenter; I have known Mrs. Upjohn about a year and a half.
What was you doing in the shop when she came out of the room? - I went in to purchase something.
What room was this, that you saw them come out of? - The door faces the street-door, the one door is the shop-door, the other is the parlour-door; there are two parlour doors, a front door, and back door; the back door goes to the place where the coals are, but that door was shut.
This parlour she came from is a common sitting room? - She did not say any thing, but asked me what I wanted, and seemed rather intimidated; there is a passage parts the shop from the parlour.
Was there any difference between you and Mrs. Upjohn on any subject? - None at all.
You never suspected her of talking about you? - Never, but she always seemed very friendly, and very sociable; I do not say she was frightened, but she seemed rather intimidated, rather flurried.
You understand what it is to be flurried, do not you? - No, I do not.
Mr. Silvester. There is a bed in that room? - There is, the bed goes in with two folding doors.
It is their sleeping room, is not it? - Yes.
Mr. Peatt. And it is also their sitting room? - The bed shuts up with two folding doors, that you cannot see there is a bed in the room.
Was the bed down? - I did not go into room far enough to see.


                  MARY
                   TATLER
               



             sworn.
I know Mrs. Upjohn, and the young man; I have often seen him there; I saw there almost every day.
What terms were they upon? - Playing and romping about.
Where did you see her sit, now and then? - I have seen them sit on each others knee.
Then there appeared to be a degree of intimacy between them, which men and women some times have? - Yes.
What did she use to call him, do you know? - Bill.
Did you ever see any money pass? - No, never.
They seemed to be mighty good friends? - Yes.
Mr. Peatt. What are you? - A washerwoman.
What business had you so frequently in the shop? - I am a lodger in the house.
Did you see how they came on one another's knees? - By playing and romping together.

Did you happen to see whether the woman sat on his knee, or whether he pulled her on his knee? - He pulled her on his knee.
Has he ever been so rude to you? - No, I never sat on his knee.
Did he ever pull you on his knee? - That is not what I am come to say.
Did he ever pull you on his knee, or did he ever kiss you, at any time? - I have seen him in the shop; I have seen him serve, and give change.
Did he ever take you on his knee? - No.
Then you are a little jealous, may be?
Court. You say he pulled this woman on his knee; when those liberties were taken, were they in the presence of the husband? - No, I never saw it.
Did you ever see any romping between him and the wife, in the presence of the husband? - Not so much as when they were by themselves.


                  SARAH
                   STRATT
               



             sworn.
I live near the Middlesex Hospital; I am a servant; I know those parries; I have seen them playing together, and sitting on each others knees; I never thought any harm.
Was the husband by? - No.
Mr. Peatt. You have seen them play together? - Yes.
Did the woman sit down of herself, or was she pulled there? - I have seen her fit down of herself.
How came you there so frequently? - I went to a lodger, that lodged in the house; and when I have been out of place, I have been there three or four days together; I knew the young man, the prisoner I did not know her long.


                  WILLIAM
                   LAWRENCE
               



             sworn.
I know Upjohn, the prosecutor, I called in by accident that day; when I came in, there was the money upon the table; and I said, why you are getting on in the world; no, says he, my property is wasting; he went out after the prisoner, as I suppose; and Mrs. Upjohn desired me to stop; I said the prisoner is a countryman; it is a pity but it should be mollified; Upjohn was agreeable; and the same evening, Upjohn sent for the brother; the letter was sent by a person.
How came it to be broke off afterwards? - There was a letter which came from the prisoner, which came in the morning; and the letter was kept private from Mr. Upjohn; he came home to breakfast, and in the same way to dinner; the letter never was given; then I went to see the prisoner and his brother, to know what he had taken, and when I put the question to the prisoner, he said, he was innocent of the affair, and that he had it intirely from the wife; and likewise made mention of the connection; and said, that every farthing of money he had, he had from her; the brother and me came the next morning, and after agreeing to take twenty guineas, they were to take ten pounds; but when he came to see this letter, the prosecutor insisted on going on with the prosecution; he said, he would not believe that she would do so, and therefore the law should take place: the night before we went in the morning, there was a six shilling stamp; and every thing was partly written, to my opinion of it, except the prisoner at the bar, signing of it, so that nothing should come against the prosecutor.
Mr. Peatt. It seems that Upjohn did not send for you? - No, Sir, I came there by accident.
And you also say, that you proposed this matter to Upjohn? - Sir, I first stated the subject; I said, it would be the best way, as they were friends, and country people together; but they advised him to take the advice of his uncle, who was the constable; the thing appeared to be broke off; the next morning, in consequence of a letter, which the prisoner wrote to Mrs. Upjohn, in private, by all appearance, it was given to him, as they said to me; I believe he had some letter, which irritatedthe man so, that he determined to go on with the prosecution in defence of his wife's character.


                  JOHN
                   BENNETT
               



             sworn.
I was sent to by the prosecutor about this business, on Monday, the 20th of October, about eight, that he had taken 
               
                  William
                   Bennett
               



             into custody, and had sent him to Tothill-fields Bridewell; and if I would come to his house, he would relate the particulars.
Are you sure he sent to you first? - Yes.
Did he want to compromise the business? - Yes.
How came that broke off? - It was broke off on account of a letter, which the prosecutor's wife had received from the prisoner in the morning about eleven.
Court. Did you see the letter? - Yes, the letter was sent from the prisoner by one 
               
                  Mary
                   Cutler
               



            ; the wife shewed me the letter; she secreted this letter from her husband, from nine in the morning, till night.
Mr. Peatt. Did he tell you the manner in which he was drawn into the negotiation? - The prosecutor told me, it was on account of my mother, that he would wish to mitigate it.
Did he tell you who first proposed it? - No, he first proposed a note for twenty pounds, then a note for ten pounds; all this was before the prisoner was committed.
Court. What did the wife say to you about this letter? - She said, she had shewn the letter to her husband, and he was determined to go on with the prosecution; she produced the letter to me; I saw the contents of it.
What were the contents of it? - They were to this effect; it was expressed desiring of Mrs. Upjohn to mitigate the affair as well as she could with her husband; if not, she must know the disturbance that he could make between her and her husband.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 1 l. 1 s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
