





695. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KEYS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Wood
                        




                     
                  , on the 18th day of August
, about four in the afternoon. no person being in the said dwelling house, and feloniously stealing therein, one cotton gown, value 10 s. a callimanco petticoat, value 10 s. his property
            .


                  MARY
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
My husband's name is 
               
                  Richard
                   Wood
               



            ; I live in Shadwell


; on the 18th of August, I went out at a quarter past three; I left nobody at home; I locked the room door; there was a street door besides; we let part of the house out, and this was a room we kept to ourselves.
Were there not lodgers in the house? - Yes, but they were not at home when I went out.
How do you know that? - Here are witnesses to shew that none of them were at home; when I went out I left the street door open on account of the lodgers; I did not come back till the next morning; when I came home the next morning, I missed out of the top drawer a gown and petticoat; my door had been fastened by a neighbour; there were many other things in the drawer which were not taken; I know nothing of the robbery.


                  SUSANNAH
                   GREENAWAY
               



             sworn.
I live next door; I went out and caught the prisoner with the petticoat upon him; it was between four and five in the afternoon; I followed him and cried stop thief; he took the petticoat from under his surtout coat and dropped it; I took the petticoat and went after him; I never lost sight of him till I took him.
Did you go to look at Wood's house? - Yes, but there was nobody in the house, the room door was open; I could not tell what was taken out of it; I saw nothing but the petticoat.
Prisoner. Did you see me go into the house? - No.


                  JACOB
                   COOK
               



             sworn.
I saw this prisoner come out of Wood's house, and I saw him have a petticoat under his coat; there were two more men came out; then he gave a whistle to one; another man had a bundle under his jacket; I crossed two or three times to see what they were about; then he came out of the house, and I saw this lad stand at the door to watch.
Did this lad go into the house at all? - He stood at the door; I saw him come out of the door with the petticoat under his coat; the other two men run away; I saw the prisoner drop the petticoat by the side of a dray; I told Mrs. Greenaway directly, and she came out and went after him.
(The petticoat produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. I know nothing of it; he swears as false as God is true; I leave it to the mercy of the Court; I have nobody to my character to day, they were here yesterday.




               GUILTY. Of breaking and entering the dwelling house, and stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            

Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


