






208. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HOWARD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MORGAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Parker
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night, on the 31st of December
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one blue satin pincushion, value 12 d. two gold lockets, with hair and glass set therein, value 4 l. 15 s. one gold locket, with hair set therein, value 25 s. and one gold pin, with an enamelled border and hair set therein, value 13 s. his property
            .


                  JOHN
                   PARKER
               



             sworn.
I live in St. Paul's Church-yard


, I keep a goldsmith's shop
; on the 31st of December, between seven and eight in the evening, I was in the parlour at the back of my shop, I could see into the shop very plain, the shop door was open, I looked to the shop window, I saw the prisoner, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Howard
               



            , come up to the shop window, and with his double fist, he broke the shew glass, and after that he took the pincushion out full of pins and lockets, the pincushion is worth one shilling, as to the other things, it is impossible to ascertain; one locket I swore to was worth three pounds seven shillings and sixpence, and another one pound eight shillings, and another one pound five shillings, and a pin thirteen shillings; when he broke the glass and took the cushion out, he ran through St. Paul's Church-yard, and I after him, crying out, stop him! stop him! I thought proper to return, and the prisoner was soon after brought by the mob; I found nothing upon him, but when he came back, I looked at his hands, and they were bloody with breaking the glass; I know his person particularly, the globe lamp shone in his face, and I was at the back of him directly; I saw nobody with him.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoners Council. Describe a little what sort of a shew glass this is? - It is what is commonly called a stall-board, the stall-board is out.
You draw it in to the inside of the shop for customers? - No, I list up this shew-glass, and take it out.
Court. It is moveable? - Yes.
Court. Then there is an end of the burglary.
Mr. Garrow. You have windows to the front of your shop; I have not, I have a press fixed, a piece of furniture, this shew-glass projects an inch or two over the shop, it projects, in short, beyond the upright of the house.
Court. Were these things in any part of the shew-glass that projected beyond the shop, or were they in a line drawn from the top? - The extent, I believe, is above the bounds from the line of the foundation.


                  SAMUEL
                   WOLFE
               



             sworn.
I am a clerk in the India-house, accidentally, on the 31st of December last, between seven and eight, I was coming through St. Paul's Church-yard, and heard the cry of stop thief; I went into the highway, and saw the prisoner before me, he fell down about five yards, and in falling down he threw something from his hand, I could not distinguish what it was then, but I saw somebody take it up, and then I saw it was a cushion; it was taken to Mr. Parker's shop: I am sure it was the prisoner, he had not his hair tied then.
Mr. G arrow. What part of St. Paul's Church-yard is Mr. Parker's shop in? - About twenty or thirty yards from the corner next Cheapside.
The cushion that was picked up, was it in the course that the person must have taken in running from that shop towards you, or was it beyond where he had run? - He threw it on one side, I saw him fling it against the rails of the church.
Was not it found on the Ludgate-hill side of him? - I believe it was found nearer Ludgate-hill.
In the course where the prisoner had not run? - He threw it from him.


                  ROBERT
                   MORRIS
               



             sworn.
I was in St. Paul's Church-yard, accidentally passing, and I heard an alarm at some distance, I could not distinguish, I saw several people running close under the rails of the Church-yard, presently I saw a person fall down, I crossed over, and laid hold of the prisoner, and another person laid hold of him, the person that was with me said, he has broke open a shop, and stole this cushion, and he lifted up this cushion; that person is not here, nor has not been found since: when we took him to Mr. Parker's shop, I saw his right hand a good deal bloody, and upon this we conveyed him to the Compter.
Mr. Garrow. Did you examine his hand very accurately? - I saw it was bloody.
Which might have proceeded from the flints? - I cannot tell what it proceeded from.


                  GEORGE
                   PIENEPONT
               



             sworn.
I am the constable, I took the prisoner in custody between seven and eight, I was at the Horns, in Gutter-lane, I heard a noise, and went out, and the first object that was before me, was Morgan laying in the passage of the Half Moon, on his back, and another man seemed as if he was getting up from him; Morgan got up and ran after him, and one Mr. Bond, a glazier, advised me to take him as a Confederate; when I looked in his face, he damned my eyes; I told him he was a very bad man, he drew this knife and cut me across the fingers, and likewise bit my thumb.
PRISONER HOWARD'S DEFENCE.
Returning from No. 34, in Whitechapel, to Drury-lane, I heard the cry of stop thief, he was down, and I fell down, I fell over him, my hat fell off, and in picking up my hat, a Gentleman charged me with being the thief.


                  THOMAS
                   HOWARD
               



            , 


               GUILTY Of stealing, to the value of 39 s. but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   MORGAN
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
