





758. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     M'GOWAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury, on the trial of 
                     
                        James
                         Gastineaux
                     



                  , at the Sessions-house in the Old 
Bailey



.
(The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  Thomas
                   Shelton
               



            , Esq. Clerk of the Arraigns, produced the record of the conviction of 
               
                  James
                   Gastineaux
               



            , which was read and examined by the Court.


                  ROBERT
                   PARRY
               



             sworn.
I believe you prosecuted Gastineaux at the May session? - I did.
Look at the man, do you remember his being there? - I do.
Did you see him sworn? - I did.


                  EDMUND
                   HODGSON
               



             sworn.
I produce the short-hand notes on the trial of 
               
                  James
                   Gastineaux
               



            .
Court. Were those notes take n by yourself? - Yes, my Lord.
At the time? - Yes, and have been unaltered ever since.
(The short-hand writer read the notes on the trial as follows; See Session Paper, No. V. Part III.
"
               
                  JAMES
                   M'GOWAN
               



             sworn.
I was in company with the prisoner when the prosecutor was carrying this brandy on his head, he was coming across the street, the officer followed him in, he got as far as the bar, and he looked under his left hand and saw the officer, and he asked him if he had a permit, he immediately answered, d - n your blood what is that to you? accordingly the officer said, he would be satisfied before he would go out of the place; accordingly the man said, did he know who he was; and the other told him he should know before he went out; the man that had the cann on his head went towards the back door, that goes through; the officer immediately got with his back to the door, the man came towards the bar again; all this time he would not suffer the officer to look at it, and the officer stood over his head and reached out his rule, and tasted the brandy, and told him not to go out till he was satisfied; all this while he made opposition, and would not suffer the officer to examine; then when the prosecutor said, have it he should not, he would lose his life first; the officer stood at the door, and was trying to keep him from going out; when he could not, he kept hold of the cann with his right hand, and wanted to drag him from the door; in consequence of this the porter gave him a blow, and struck the officer and brought him with his knee to the ground.
Court. Do you mean to swear that he struck the officer? - Yes, I do mean to swear it; the officer fell down upon his knee, he recovered again, and the man struck at him again; the man said, if I cannot get it out from you, I will throw it a-top of you, and he took it and poured it over the excise officer, and it ran down in this manner, and he says to me, what are you about, cannot you assist me in my duty; I went and took the cann off the man's head, and saved about one half of the liquor; then immediately he told him he had fire arms about him, and he caught hold of him, and said if he had not the liquor, he would use him as he pleased; the man made a blow at him, the prisoner stood by, and missed the blow, and the pistol went off at that time.
Could not the prisoner if he had been determined to shoot at him, have hit him? - Yes.
Did Parry make use of abusive language to the prisoner? - He did, he d - ned his blood, and said he knew he was an impostor; he told him at first, if he had not a permit, he would seize it for the King; when he found he could do no more, he was determined to spill the liquor; when the liquor was all running over, it was not till then that he produced the pistol; and even then, Parry aimed a blow at him again; he said d - n you, if I cannot get it from you, I will throw it over you; he held it on his head, and fell tapping it upon his head.
Mr. Silvester. Then he did not throw the cann down? - No.
Then he threw the liquor over his head and the cann? - He said, he would keep the liquor on his head, but he kept the cann on his head, the cann was taken off by me, he did not throw it down at all."
To Parry. You are a servant to a brandy merchant? - Yes.
What is his name? - Richardson and Stephenson.
What passed at the time you met with Gastineaux? - I went to dinner about a quarter I believe it was before two, and when I came back Mr. Richardson ordered me to take some brandy to Mr. Gurney's; when I got to Gurney's house, I saw two men come after me into the house; the prisoner is one, and Gastineaux was the other; I had not a permit with me, I just turned my eye round, and I heard somebody touch the cann with a stick, and the prisoner asked me what I had; I told him what he had no business with; he said he insisted on knowing what I had, I asked him particularly whether he belonged to the Excise, and to shew his deputation, and he said his name was in the Excise, and was well known there; when I insisted on seeing his deputation, Gastineaux said he was an officer; I was in the house; I told him I did not care what he was, he insisted on having the liquors, and I told him I should go home with the liquors again to my master's for a permit; I went up a passage in the house, with an intent to go home, and Gastineaux ran under my arm and stopped me, and brought me back again to the place where I stood first; I do not know what words passed particularly, but some words passed; I told him if he had a mind to seize the liquor on my head he might take it down, he wanted me to put it down; I told him I would not, Gastineaux clapped himself a second time against the door, and got hold of my collar, and tore my jacket, and then he gave a push against me till the cann fell down flat to the floor.
Did the cann fall down? - The cann fell down.
You are quite sure the cann fell down? - I am sure of it.
Was the liquor spilt? - The liquor was spilled in the passage, some of it fell in my shoes, and some might fall on Gastineaux.
Jury. All of it? - No, I should think not, because it was in a five gallon cann.
Before this happened had you poured any of the liquor over any person? - No, I did not; I could not say the liquor did not go over him, the cann fell down by his pushing between him and me, I had some of it over me, and he might have some of it; I did not pour the liquor wilfully over any person.
Did you by accident? - I could not see the cann; it might, the cann being full the passage was narrow; I was looking at the brandy, and Gastineaux stood against the door, and at that time I heard somebody behind me cry out mind; I turned round, and as far as I can tell, I saw the pistol within a few inches of my body; I never touched the pistol; I dropped down on one side, and in that instant the pistol went off, and wounded my fore finger of my right hand.
Describe in what manner you dropped down? - I turned round in the twinkling of an eye, and dropped on my left hand flat to the ground, and had this right hand up, and the pistol went off, and wounded the hand that I held up.
Is what you have told us all that passed before the pistol went off? - It is.
Did you pour the brandy upon him? - I did not.
Did you knock him to the ground; - I did not.
Did you attempt to strike him? - I did not, I am sure of it, and another thing that the prisoner said, that I dammed his blood, that is not true; I am not a man given to swearing.
Court. You swear positively that you neither struck him, nor attempted to strike him? - I did not.
Jury. Nor had hold of his clothes, nor any thing of that kind? - Not to my knowledge.
How many persons were present? - Several.
Did the pistol hurt any body besides yourself? - It hurt one 
               
                  John
                   Turner
               



            , it lodged in his side; I think he is gone to sea.
It would have hit you, if you had not dropt down? - Certainly Sir.
Did Gastineaux say any thing in the presence of that man, after he had shot at you? - I cannot say any thing to that.
You did not hear it? - No Sir, because I was not there, after I took him to the tap room, I went to my masters.
Court. Are you sure that nobody took the cann from your head? - I am sure of that, the cann fell quite to the ground.
Did Gastineaux fall down at all? - No, Sir.
Are you sure of that? - I am sure of it, not before the pistol went off.
What made him fall down afterwards? - I took hold of him, and he fell down, and begged of me not to kill him, or something of that sort.
Before the pistol went off you made no attempt to strike at Gastineaux? - I did not.
Did you say any thing, when the cann fell down? - I fancy I did say something to this purpose, now you have done a fine job; I had my head down, looking at the brandy, and it was something of those words.
Court to Prisoner. Do you wish I should ask this witness any other questions? - Yes Sir, one half of the liquor I saved and is in the Excise Office now, and if it fell off, it is very odd I should.
Court to Parry. What sort of a cann was this? - A five gallon copper cann, narrow at top and broad at the bottom, as they have them at the distillers.
How high is it? - About fifteen inches high, very broad at the bottom and narrow at the top.
Did it fall on the mouth or the bottom? - I did not observe that.
The Remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex, HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 30th of AUGUST, 1786, and the following Days;
Being the SEVENTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     THOMAS
                      WRIGHT
                  



               , LORD MAYOR OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY E. HODGSON, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND; And Published by Authority.
NUMBER VII. PART IX.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXVI.

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  James
                   M'Gowan
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   WILLIAM MENCKE
               



             sworn.
I saw part of this transaction at Mr. Gurney's house, on the 3d of May, as near as I can recollect, about half past two I came into Mr. Gurney's house; when I came in, I saw Gastineaux the Excise Officer, and this prisoner standing before the bar, before the porter, with a five gallon cann on his head, which I was told had liquor in it, the Excise Officer said, have you got a permit? he said I have, but I have it not here; he went into the bar, when he had been a little while in the bar; the Excise Officer said to the porter, there you may stand as long as you please; a little while after Parry said I will go, you may follow me; the Excise Officer went after him, and said you shall not go; and then I heard the falling of a cann; it certainly was the falling of a cann by the noise, I heard not an uncivil word spoken by the porter; I heard the cann fall with a considerable noise, I am sure by the noise it must fall, it could not be set down by any person; when I came to the corner of the passage, looking round, I saw the Excise Officer hold a pistol at the porter and fire it off, and by the position I stood in the ball must have passed within a foot of my body, and it went through the coat and grazed the side of a man that belonged to the India Warehouse, his name is Jones, and it lodged in the side of Turner, Gurney's man; Turner said immediately I have got it, he was immediately carried into the bar.
At the time you saw Parry, was he in the position of a man striking him? - He was not; I could not see in the passage, because I was in the bar, when I ran to the corner of the passage I saw him holding the pistol in his hand.
Could you have seen Parry attempting to strike him at the moment he fired the pistol? - I certainly could; at the moment he fired the pistol, there was no attempt to strike him.
Immediately after this did you hear Gastineaux say any thing as to what he had done? - Yes, I went up to him, and I said, you have shot a man, says he, I did not intend to shoot the man I have wounded, I intended to shoot the porter; he has often used me ill in the streets; sneered and laughed at me, and bid me defiance; the prisoner was present at the table in the tap room and heard it.
Court. After the cann fell, when you went to the corner of the passage and looked round, what did you first see? - I first saw the excise officer close to the porter, and holding something to his side, which I did not know was a pistol till I saw it go off.


                  PAUL
                   PERRY
               



             sworn.
I was at Mr. Gurney's on the 3d of May; I came in just as the officer and the porter came in together; I happened to hear some words from the officer to the porter; I stood by them to listen, by the porter, I mean Parry; the officer asked the porter, what he had got there in his cann; he said, it was not material to him; he said, he would see, and he tasted it with his gauging rule, and he put the rule into the cann, and said, it was brandy; well, says he, I shall seize it; very well, says Parry, if you will go with me to my master's, you may see the permit; words passed; they waited a little time; one said, I insist on having it, and the other refused taking it down, and said, he should not have it; then in a little time, the porter attempted to go out at the door, and told Gastineaux that he might go with him if he chose, and Gastineaux made no reply, but slipped by him and put his back to the door; Parry desired to have liberty to go out of the door; the other refused it; there was not a single word passed by any person but themselves; I saw them myself, I stood in the passage and had a fair sight of them; then I saw the pistol taken out and held in his hand, then somebody that stood by me said he was going to fire.
Did any thing pass before you saw the pistol? - Only the porter desiring to go out, and the other told him he should not.
Was there nothing happened at all, I do not mean words? - Nothing at all, then the man stooped and spilled some of the liquor, the porter saw the pistol and stooped down to save himself, then the liquor fell off at that time; whether Gastineaux had a hand in it or no, I cannot say; the door has no glass in it.
Did the cann fall off his head, or was it taken off his head? - I could not see that, the passage there has no light in it, at least the shutter was up; I could not see whether it fell or whether Gastineaux put his hand on and took it; I heard a noise, a kind of a bump; it gave a rebound.
What passed when you saw the pistol produced? - Nothing at all, but only he fired a pistol as soon as ever he drew it; I saw the porter stooping, or otherwise he would have had it through the side of his head, and he shot his finger; there was a constable in the tap room, he called out, who fired this pistol.
Did you see Parry strike? - There was no striking or any thing of the kind; if Parry had struck I must have seen it; I mean to say upon my oath, he did not strike him, nor attempt to strike him.
Did you see Gastineaux come down on the ground with one knee? - I did not, I am confident if Parry had attempted to strike him I must see it.
Did you hear Gastineaux say any thing afterwards in the hearing of this prisoner? - Not any thing material in the passage; M'Gowan was th10e nearest to him; he was the only assistant he had.
What did you hear Gastineaux say in the tap room? - He said, he fired the pistol, he said, he did not mean to wound or shoot any one that had been wounded, but the porter.
Court to Parry. I think you say that after the dispute about going out, when the officer insisted he should not go out, that you saw the officer take out a pistol? - I did.
And, if I understand you right, you say, that nothing happened between them, except that dispute before he took out the pistol? - No, there was not.
Then you describe it as if the liquor had been spilled, and the cann fallen or taken off when the porter stooped to avoid the pistol? - It appeared so to me.
Did you see the pistol before the liquor was spilled? - I did; it appeared to me that the cann was on his head, when the pistol was in Gastineaux's hands; I saw the pistol before the cann was off his head.
You say you could not see whether the cann fell off, or whether Gastineaux took it off? - No, I could not, because there was no light but the reflection from the area.
Then there was but little light in the passage? - Very little light.
And it is owing to that I think you said, that you could not distinctly say whether the cann fell or whether he took it off? - It was; there were people stood there, and one had a better opportunity one time than another.
How could you see whether Parry struck Gastineaux or not? - Oh, it was light enough to see all that; the cann was on his head till the pistol was taken out, then when it was held in this manner, Parry stooped down; I could see the cann on his head when he stooped, because I was not four feet off, it was the moment he stooped that the pistol went off, and then the cann must fall, and the liquor be spilled in the same moment.
Was M'Gowan between you and him? - No.
Where was he at that time? - He was in the tap-room, or by the bar which joins to the tap-room; for there were nobody in the passage but Gastineaux and Parry.
I think you said he was near him, as the person assisting him? - That was when he first began to talk, but in the passage there was nobody but Parry and Gastineaux: M'Gowan was near the bar, but I did not see him in the passage; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Jones
               



             that was shot through the coat, and we stood side by side, he was shot through the coat and grazed his shirt.
Recollect yourself whether you are sure that that was at the time the porter stooped to avoid the pistol, or at any other struggle? - I saw no other struggle, and I saw the pistol in his hand before the liquor was spilled.
You are sure there were no blows struck? - No Sir, nor nothing tending to it? -
You saw the whole of the struggle? - Yes, from the first word speaking, I believe, to the time the pistol was fired.
Prisoner. Was you there from the time that we came into the house? - I was.
Did you see the liquor spilled? - Yes.
Did you see whether any body took the cann off the porter's head? - I cannot say that, I cannot say I did see any body attempt it, I do not know whether they did or did not.


                  THOMAS
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I was at Gurney's at this time drinking a pint of beer in the tap-room with two or three people, and after I had been there a little while, I heard some words at the bar; I went out to see what was the matter, and I saw a porter stand with a can on his head; that was 
               
                  Robert
                   Parry
               



            ; two men were enquiring what he had on his head, and they desired him to let them see, the prisoner was one of the men, and the other was the Excise-man; he dipped in the rule to see what it was, and I believe he said it was brandy, there were more words; I returned into the tap-room again to my company, then I heard the porter say, good bye to you, or something to that purpose, and he went out to the passage, and went to go out of the house, and went to pull the door open, and the Exciseman got between him and the door, the porter could not get out, and the Exciseman caught hold of his coat, and tore his coat, and gave him a twink, and with that struggle the cann fell down; I am very positive the cann fell off his head, I am quite sure nobody took it off.
Had you seen Parry pouring any of that liquor over Gastineaux before he took it off his head? - No, I did not, I must have seen it if it had, it fell off his head in that struggle, the porter looked to the ground, and spoke something I do not know what, it was then the pistol went off, some person cried out, but I did not see the pistol till I heard the report; the porter heard the person cry out, and he looked at the Exciseman, I saw the porter drop down, the ball of the pistol went through my coat.
Did Parry offer to strike Gastineaux before this? - No, never, I must have seen him if any blow had been struck, or if he had been brought with his knee to the ground; I do take upon myself to say, that he did not strike him in the passage, nor before the pistol went off, nor even attempted to strike him.
Did you hear Gastineaux say any thing afterwards in the presence of the prisoner? - I heard him say in the tap room when they were both taken, that he was the person that fired the pistol, and what he had done he could justify, or stand by, or something to that purpose.
How long might it be after the cann fell to the ground before the pistol went off? - Almost directly after, I suppose within a minute.
Did the cann fall down in the porter dropping to avoid the pistol, or did it fall off before? - It fell off in the struggle before, as I said before, with that jerk.
Then it was off his head at the time he dropped down? - Yes.
How near were you? - I do not know exactly; within two yards.
Whereabouts was 
               
                  Paul
                   Parry
               



            ? - I cannot say; he was somewhere near me.
Had you light enough in the passage to see? - Yes, there was light enough to see any thing of the kind; it was in the middle of the day, about half past two in the afternoon.
Jury. You are positive you saw the cann fall from Parry's head? - Yes.
Court. What became of the pistol ball? - I do not know, it lodged in the side of Mr. Gurney's boy; it was extracted; I saw it afterwards in Gurney's hand; it went through my coat.
Court. Where is Tanner? - He is gone abroad.
There was a witness, one 
               
                  John
                   Winkett
               



            ? - He is very ill at present.
Court to Jones. Was you present all the time that they were together? - Yes, except that time I returned to the tap room; when the porter said, good bye, and was going out of the house, I came out of the tap room again, and continued present till it was over.
Court to Prisoner. Have you any thing to say in your own defence, or any witnesses to call?
Prisoner. How near was I to him? - You was near the officer at the time of the struggle in the passage.
Was it the cask of vitriol that I had in my hand or was it the cann that fell?
Court to Jones. Did you see the prisoner have a cask? - Yes, it was a little cask; it was not that falling; I am positive it was the cann; the prisoner went out and took up the cann from the passage, and carried it into the tap room.
Prisoner. Every one that was there was against the excise officer, so that I have no witnesses to call.
Court. Have you any body to your charasher? - I have sent for them, but I do not know whether they are here or not, there was one 
               
                  John
                   Bailie
               



            .
The prisoner's witnesses called but none answered.
The prisoner then delivered in a written defence, which was read by the clerk of Arraigns, as follows.
"May it please your Lordship, your
"humble petitioner, 
               
                  James
                   M'Gowan
               



            ,
"begs the indulgence of this honourable
"Court, to attend to his situation, and
"hopes, as it is not in his power to pay a
"counsel, he shall not suffer on that account:
"he offers to your consideration
"all the particulars sworn to by the witnesses
"on the trial of 
               
                  James
                   Gastineaux
               



            ,
"and you will then be informed from their
"testimony of his particular situation as
"an assistant to an excise officer; should " he be found guilty, the prosecutor Parry
"cannot be prosecuted himself for obstructing
"the excise officer; notwithstanding
"he considers himself prejudged
"by the verdict against Gastineaux, and
"his committment on that trial; and
"though he has to lament that Mr. Fielding
"and Mr. Garrow were prevented
"from fully cross-examining the witnesses
"on that trial, and only one witness
"in part corroborates his testimony, yet
"he now solemnly asserts his innocence
"in this honourable Court; he is perfectly
"happy, relying on the verdict of the
"Jury, and had several witnesses to his
"character; he thanks this Court for their
"indulgence, and shall as in duty bound
"ever pray: he begs leave further to add,
"that when he was committed he was decent
"and clean; but has been four
"months without any assistance but the
"gaol allowance, which has reduced him
"to the greatest distress."



               GUILTY
            .
Court to Prisoner. You have been convicted on very clear and satisfactory evidence certainly, of a perjury which in its nature must have been wilful and corrupt; there is no doubt of it, and arising from a desire that this man should have escaped the hands of justice: the offence of perjury is one extremely dangerous in its nature, and cuts up all the bonds of society by the roots; takes away the confidence between man and man, upon which the lives, liberties, and properties of all the subjects in the kingdom must depend; and it tends directly to obstruct the course of justice, and destroy the due administration of the law; it has also this further mischievous tendency, that when given in behalf of prisoners on their trial, it tends to destroy the sanction of an oath, and the confidence that a Jury ought to pay to fair and honest witnesses; for all these reasons it is an offence extremely dangerous to society and the public; therefore the sentence of the Court is, that you be




               Transported for seven years
            .
Prisoner. I hope you will take it into consideration the long time I have been in prison.
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
