





279. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BLOWER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Aldridge
                        



                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 13th of January
 last, and putting him in fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, six cut glass crewets, with gilt letters thereon, value 15 s. and ten cut glass crewets, value 17 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Blakeway
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hodsdon
                        



.


                  WILLIAM
                   ALDRIDGE
               



             sworn.
I am errand-boy
 to Messrs. Blakeway and Hodsdon, they are partners.
Court. What is the Christian name of Mr. Blakeway? - George, and 
               
                  John
                   Hodsdon
               



            , I believe. I know the prisoner; I was coming along Long-lane, on Friday the 30th of January last, about half after eight at night, with a basket on my head, and a bundle in it, and a young man was standing at a door; there were six cut glass crewets, with gilt letters, and ten cut glass crewets, sixteen in all; the young man, whom I do not know, that was standing at the door, pulled me into the Jack of Newbury, a publick-house.
Against your inclination? - Yes.
Did you resist? - Yes, and he dragged me into the tap-room; he pulled me into the house, and I ran through into a passage which led into the bar; I got from him into the bar; there was a gentlewoman that seemed not to be well, and I told her, and she sent the maid to see if there was anybody at the door; I ran out of this entry, and two young men followed me, one of which was the prisoner, and the young man that pulled me into the house, that followed me out again, shoved me down, and stopped my mouth; the prisoner ran away with my bundle out of my basket; I had the basket on my arm with more things in it; when I went into the publick-house I took my basket off my head, they only took the bundle which had the crewets; that was the prisoner; I directly called out stop thief, and I ran immediately into the sheep's head shop for assistance; and a little girl, that was standing by, said his name was 
               
                  James
                   Blower
               



            ; I lost sight of them both; I did not see the prisoner 'till the next day; there was a lamp in the place where he took the crewets.

Did you ever see the face of the prisoner? - Yes: the property was never found.
How long might the prisoner be in your sight? - I saw him when I was pulled into the house, he was standing at the door.
This must have been done very suddenly: Did you see his face at all? - Yes.
How was he dressed? - In a blue jacket and ragged trowsers.
How long might you see his face altogether? - I did not see him above two minutes.
When you saw him the next day was he in a room with other people? - Yes, at the Castle in Cateaton-street. There were other people in the room.
Was the prisoner pointed out to you, or did you point out the prisoner? - I pointed out the prisoner; I have no doubt he is the man.
Did you see him in the house? - No, I saw him as I went into the door, and not again 'till the things were taken from me.
Be cautions, this is a capital offence, you ought to be certain, look at the prisoner, and see if you can say with certainty he is the man? - Yes, I am sure of it.
Whom do these crewets belong to? - To one Mr. Makepeace, a silversmith in Searle-street, near Lincoln's Inn; I went to carry them home, and he said it was too late.
How came Messrs. Blakeway and Hodsdon to have any thing to do with them? - They were bought of them, and had not been delivered; the other man was never taken.
The prisoner was the person that hauled you in? - No.
Prisoner. He said I had a long blue coat on, and a ragged pair of trowsers? - I never said so; I always said you had a blue jacket on.


                  GEORGE
                   BLAKEWAY
               



             sworn.
I am in partnership with Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Hodsdon
               



            ; I know the boy that gave evidence just now; he has been my errand-boy a month or five weeks; he is a servant in the house; I had a good character with him; he has behaved exceedingly well since he has been with me; he is a very honest boy as ever I had in my life, I have not the least fault to find with him: these crewets were put into the basket by my partner, I did not see him put them in, he is not here, I never saw them in his basket, I gave orders about his carrying them; I was at the finishing and cleaning of them, and when they were done the orders were given for Mr. Hodsdon to put them up, and send them to Mr. Makepeace, a silversmith, in Searle-street; I live at No. 71, in the Strand.
Was Long-lane in the boy's way there? - The boy had a message to deliver at No. 1, Jewin-court, Jewin-street; I gave him the message in the fore part of the day, to a workman that does gold work for us: Long-lane was as near a way I look upon it as he could go; the boy came back the same evening with a lad out of Long-lane, that keeps a sheep's head shop; we scolded the lad, and thought it was carelessness.
What did the lad say to you about it? - He said, that he was lugg'd into the Jack of Newbury by two men; one man had hold of his arm, and the mistress at the bar asked him, what he wanted there? and he said, that the man lugged him in, and he was afraid they were going to rob him; says she, I'll care of that, I'll see the door cleared, or to that effect; with that she or the maid saw him out, and said, you may go safe enough; he had not been out of the door ten minutes before he was met by two men, who shoved him down; one put mud into his mouth, and the other, he said, took a parcel out of his basket: that is all the boy said about it.
Did he say he should know either of them again? - Yes; the next morning we had information that the patrols had taken two persons into custody; they were taken to the Castle, the corner of Cateaton-street; I went with the boy when he went to seethem; we desired him to go in himself the first time, and see if he should know any body; he went in, and pointed to this prisoner exactly; the patrol and me went in with him, and he shewed us the same person again.


                  DEBORAH
                   KENNEDY
               



            .
Court. Did you ever take an oath in your life? - No.
Do you know what the nature of an oath is? - Yes; if I tell a lie, I shall go to hell.


                  DEBORAH
                   KENNDY
               



             sworn.
Where do you live? - In Aldersgate-street, Little Greenwich, No. 24.
What are you? - I live with my father and mother.
What is your father and mother? - My mother is a quilter, and my father is a watchman.
Tell us what you have to say against the prisoner? - I went with my father's supper to Mr. Whitaker's in Long-lane; I see'd him run up Long-lane with a paper in his hand.
You saw who? - 
               
                  John
                   Blower
               



            .
What time might this be? - Between the hours of eight and nine.
What night? - Friday night.
What month? - I don't know.
Can you tell how long from this time? - About a fortnight ago.
What sort of a paper was it? - It was whitish, and a large paper, it was roundish.
Did you know Blower at this time? - Yes, I knew him by living in the same place as my father and mother did a good while ago; his father died in the house, he lives now with his mother somewhere in Long-lane; he did go to sea, him and his brother too.
Are there any lamps in Long-lane? - Yes, Sir.
Did you see his face? - Yes, Sir.
Was he near the lamps? - He ran past the lamps.
Do you know when he was taken up? - No.
Do you know 
               
                  William
                   Aldridge
               



            ? - Yes, that is the little boy (pointing to him).
Did you see him in the street that night? - Yes, Sir, I see'd him, and Mrs. Whittaker took him, and wiped him.
What was the matter with him? - He was all over dirt and mud, Sir.
What did he say about his being so over dirt and mud? - He cried, and made a piece of work in Mrs. Whittaker's shop, and said it was worth a guinea that he lost.
What age are you? - Going in ten.


                  GEORGE
                   YATES
               



             sworn.
I am a patrolman of St. Sepulchre's within; I received information about ten that night that the robbery was done; at eight me and my partner went to Long-lane, and in consequence of an information, we took the prisoner out of the Jack of Newbury, on the right hand side of the way; I found nothing upon him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had just come from Greenland Dock; I had been to look after a ship; I came back to Mrs. Jones's, whom my mother was nursing; my mother told me she had something for supper, and told me to stay 'till she could come to speak to me; my mother came out, and gave me a piece of meat in a newspaper, and I staid there; I observed a person go out, and bring this boy into the tap-room by the arm, and asked him to drink; he made him drink out of a pint pot, and presently he took something out of the boy's pocket, and the boy went through, and went up to the bar, and staid a considerable time; I never got off my seat for the space of a quarter of an hour; and Mr. Jones came, and said there was something going on he did not like, and desired them all to go out of the house.
FOR THE PRISONER.


                  MARY
                   BASTARD
               



             sworn.
I saw a young man drag the boy into the tap-room; the young man was a stranger; I was a servant to Mr. Jones who keeps theJack of Newberry, I knew the boy again, (points to him) the young man that called him in, called him fellow servant; the prisoner was sitting in the further box, I had not been there long before the boy cried, his nose bled, I am sure he had not been out of the house, then; he was standing in the room, I did not see him sit down, I pushed the boy into the bar, he stopt there some time, I looked out at the door, and I did not see nobody at all about the door, the boy went out, and I know no more.


                  EDWARD
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I kept the Jack of Newberry when this transaction happened; I have very little to say about it, though I was in the taproom when it happened; I saw a man have the boy by the arm in the middle of the tap-room.
Court. Do you know that man? - Yes I do, if I was to see him; I only knew him by sight, I asked the boy what brought him there with selling his pies, and making a bustle in the tap-room; the boy immediately said his nose bled; I believe this young woman that lived with me at that time, though I have discharged her, made him go into the bar; he went into the bar to Mrs. Jones, and she sent this young woman to see if the place was clear; she said it was clear, and the boy went out from the bar, and the next news that I heard was, that the boy was robbed.
Where was you sitting after the boy went out from the bar? - I was in the tap-room, there is no passage but the tap-room and the bar; the one is a gin-shop, and the other the tap-room.
Which stands nearest Long-lane? - They are two houses, they both stand equally near; there are two doors, one goes into the bar, and the other into the tap-room; there is a communication round the chimney place from one to the other.
If you was in the tap-room, you could not see what passed in the bar? - I could not; when the little boy went out of the bar, I was in the tap-room.
Who followed him out of the bar you do not know? - Nobody could follow him out of the bar, we never admit any body thro' the bar.
Why, is not there a door opens from the bar into the street? - There is, but there is no communication between.
Was that door locked up? - No.
Then how is it possible for you to say that persons might not have gone out at that door? - They could not, because there is no one admitted, except it is a person that is known well.
Was not the boy let out at the bar door? - Yes; but as soon as the boy went out at the bar-door, at least as soon as he went out of the bar, there was a bustle and disturbance by the tap-room door, and I took them and put them all out and shut the door, and said I would not have such disturbances in my house.
Will you venture to swear positively that nobody followed the boy out at the bar-door? - Yes, I could venture to swear that, except it was some of my own family.
Will you venture to swear, that all the people in the confusion, that went out of the house, went out at the tap-room door? They none of them went out at the bar-door.
You was in the tap-room? - I was in the tap-room, when the boy was in the bar.
After the boy went from the bar, did you see the prisoner in the tap-room? - I cannot say that the prisoner was in the taproom at the time the boy was in the taproom; for the prisoner went out at the tap-room door.
Did you see the prisoner in the tap-room after the boy went out of the bar? - I cannot say with propriety; the boy went out of the bar-door; if you come in at the tap-room door, you go round to come out at the bar-door; the boy went into the bar, and he was let out at the bar door into the street; and the prisoner and all the rest of them went out at the street-door; I saw the prisoner go out at the street-door, notmany minutes after; it might be some few minutes.
You being in the tap-room, could you see the people that went out of the bar-door? - I could not.
Will you venture to swear that all the fourteen people went out at the tap-room door? - I could take a safe oath that there is nobody admitted to go through the bar-door.
The boy undoubtedly went out at the bar-door? - I cannot take my oath with propriety, because I was in the tap-room.
Did you see the prisoner go out of the tap-room door? - At the tap-room door he did go out, I am sure of it, there were a great many of them at the door.
Can you say with certainty that you saw the prisoner go out of the tap-room door? - At the tap-room door I am positive.
How soon was it after the boy was turned out at the bar door that the prisoner went out of the tap-room door? - I cannot rightly say, I shut the door after them and bolted it, and went into the bar, and the boy was gone; my mistress was very poorly, and says she, you had better let the boy out at the bar, and you had better open the other door, I unbolted it; the tap-room door is the door they go in at to drink porter, the other is for spirituous liquors; I bolted the tap-room door after the mob was got from the door, and the boy was gone.
Did you bolt those people in or out? - I did not turn them out; when the boy was in the bar, as near as I can guess, there was a mob arose before the door, and my customers all pushed out; there were ten or a dozen in the house at the time the prisoner was; the prisoner was sitting, it might be five or ten minutes after the boy was turned out at the bar-door, before the prisoner and the others were turned out at the tap-room door.
Court to the Boy. I understand that you was pulled into this public-house by a person? - Yes.
You then said that you resisted, and ran through the passage which led to the bar? - Yes.
Which door was you pulled in at? - At the tap-room door.
When you went out, which door did you go out at? - At the bar door.
Did the men that followed you, follow you out the bar-door or at the tap-room door? - They did not follow me till I had got into the street, I did not see them coming after me.
How soon after you was in the street did they follow you? - Directly, I was not in the street above two minutes.
How far might you be then from this public-house? - I do not know, it was a good step from this public-house, about nine or ten houses off.
When you were in the public-house was any thing the matter with your face? - No, I called out that my nose bled to get from them.
Did your nose bleed? - Yes, I believe it did.
How came it to bleed? - I do not know.
Did the lad who pulled you into the house hurt your face? - No, not then; I was frightened, I did not know what to do, I believe my nose did bleed a little; I do not know how it came to bleed.
Which door did you go out at? - At the bar-door.
Who shewed you out at the bar-door? The maid servant, the mistress told her to see if the place was clear.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not putting in fear
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
