






223. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of December


 last, one hundred and twenty-five pounds of sapphora, value 6 l. one wooden cask, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Righton
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Newcombe
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Johnson
                        



                     
                  , being upon a certain key, called Galley Key, adjacent to the River Thames
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   RIGHTON
               



             sworn.
I am one of the masters of the goldsmiths tackle porters
, we must pay for the things; I only speak to the property.


                  HENRY
                   BARRETT
               



             sworn.
I landed this cask on the 24th of December, out of Mr. Mackenzie's lighter, upon Galley Key


, there were several casks more, this contains sapphora; I saw it upon the key about twelve, a man came to me about one, and asked me if I had lost a cask of blue, I told him no, I was sure I had not, because it was too heavy for a man to carry. Afterwards I looked and missed a cask; it is a sort of a mineral, they cannot blue china without it; I was informed that some people had stopped a man with a cask of blue; my master went to look after it.
Jury. What weight was that cask? - One hundred and twenty-five pounds.


                  DAVID
                   LEVY
               



             sworn.
On Friday the 24th, the prisoner came down Shoemaker-row, with this cask on his shoulders, and I stopped him on suspicion of its being stolen; there were four more sailors like himself with him. I took the barrel off his shoulders, then they began to sight, and four of them got away; the prisoner run, and I run after him.
Who was with you? - The patrol, about three in the afternoon.
How came the patrol to be with you at that time? - The day before Christmas Day they came down to receive their money at that time; he had the cask on his shoulders, I took it in my arms, and put it down on the ground.
Did he ever get out of your sight? - Never, I ran after him all the way to Gravel-lane; he said the other sailors gave it him to carry, and they paid him for his trouble; when I first stopped him, I asked him how he came by it, and he told me these men employed him to carry it.
When you first stopped him, before they ran away, what did he say? - I asked him what he had, and he said he did not know.
Did not he tell you, when you first stopped him, that these men had given it him to carry? - He never spoke a word when I first took him, but, what is that to you? and they began to fight; I am sure he never was out of my sight, I stopped him just before my door, the cask was carried to my house, and kept there ever since; this is the cask, with some marks burnt in.
Court to Righton. Look at the cask? - My Lord, I do not know it, if I saw it.
You had landed this cask? - Yes.
How long is it in your charge? - Till it is sent to the merchants houses, and put into the cart.
Pray is not it in the charge of the wharfinger on the keys? - No, Sir.
Barrett. I will swear that was the cask I landed, there was marked upon it, S. M. and there was only that cask on the key with that mark upon it, and that one cask with that sort of goods on the key.


                  TEUSHEN
                   HAKER
               



             sworn.
I think I know this cask, I cannot be quite positive, because it is a sort of goods which is always marked with the same mark, if there were fifty casks; it came from Hamborough, we had imported two or three casks, this was the last barrel of that mark which was in the ship, till it came up that morning, and as much as I can recollect, it is the same, there were three of that mark imported by me at that time, the other two had been delivered the day before.
Court to Barrett. Did you land any casks the day before? - Two.
With this mark? - I cannot be sure of the mark, but I took particular notice of this, because there was only this one left.

Were these two other casks safe delivered? - They were delivered the day before.
Are not there other importers as well as yourself? - There are three or four, and all use the same article, but I do not know there was any on board this ship.
What is the situation of Galley Key? - It adjoins the river.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming over Tower-hill, about half past two, I saw two men with this cask, they called to me, and asked me to carry it about a mile, they said they were going with it to a gentleman's house; I had not carried it long before I was stopped, the others run off, and I thought it was smuggled goods; I am a sailor
, I was coming over the hill by myself.
Court. What is the value of this? - Six pounds, suppose we say five pounds.
Court. Gentlemen of the Jury, this indictment is framed within the words of the Act of Parliament, which makes it death to steal goods to the value of 40 s. or upwards, upon any key adjoining to a navigable river.
Jury to Barrett. Do you recollect seeing the prisoner upon the key on that day? - I saw him two or three times that day, I know him well.
How near the time of missing the cask did you see him? - About an hour before the cask was gone I saw him upon the keys.
Jury. Was the prisoner ever employed to work on the keys? - Never, that I saw.




               GUILTY. Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
