





570. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BLACKSHAW
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 7th of September
, one silver teaspoon, value 2 s. one linen gown, value 8 s. one muslin laced cap, trimmed with ribbon, value 3 s. three other caps, value 18 d. one gauze handkerchief, value 12 d. six table cloths, value 3 s. one petticoat, value 3 s. one pair of muslin robins, value 12 d. one black silk cloak, value 12 s. one stock, value 12 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Warner
                        



                     
                  , and two linen handkerchiefs, value 12 d. one cap, value 12 d. one shirt, value 3 s. and one pair of stockings, value 9 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Hancock
                  



               
            .


                  REBECCA
                   WARNER
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday week I went out at four o'clock, I lodge at the Fountain in Shire-lane


; I locked my door, and came home about six, and found the door locked. The next morning I missed my things; some of the things were found, and are here; the prisoner lodged in the house.


                  JOHN
                   BRETT
               



             sworn.
The prisoner is quartered at Mr. Hull's, and another soldier is quartered at my house, I live at the Coach and Horses, Temple-bar; a soldier quartered on me had the things upon him; I heard the prisoner say that he delivered them to my soldier, and that he found them in his garret. (The things produced.)


                  MARY
                   HANCOCK
               



             sworn.
I lodged with her while I was out of place, I lost a linen cap and a pair of stockings.


                  JAMES
                   HILL
               



             sworn.
Brett and I took up the prisoner, and he acknowledged before the justice that he gave them to Nutthall, and found them in a piece of paper.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found some things in a paper.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
