





842. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CAMPBELL
                  



               
             (a mulatto) was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of October
, ten shirts, value 5 l. seven pair of stockings, value 21 s. two blankets, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bonner
                        




                     
                  , in a barge on the river Thames



.


                  WILLIAM
                   BONNER
               



             sworn.
I live in Wapping; I am the master of the brig Friendship
, laying at King Edward stairs, on the Wapping side of the river, at the chain; on Sunday the 15th instant October, I left the ship a quarter before one; I missed them on Monday when I returned; they were all in my chest in the cabin; I lost sixteen or eighteen shirts.
What is the lowest value of the shirts? - About five pounds.
Would they sell for that price? - I believe Sir, they would; I lost about forty-five pair of forty-six pair of stockings, amongst them were four pairs of silk stockings, value one pound, these were found upon him; three pair of silk and worsted stockings, value six shillings; three pair of worsted ditto found upon him, value three shillings, five pair of cotton ditto, value five shillings, two woollen blankets, value two shillings.
How soon after Monday that you missed them did you see them? - On Tuesday morning at the public office, Ratcliffe-high-way.
Did you know them? - Yes.
Are they marked? - Some of them.
(The things produced and deposed to.) He confessed before the Justice that he stole them; I was not present; I lost twenty-one articles beside what is in the indictment.



                  WILLIAM
                   ELBY
               



             sworn.
I am constable; on the 16th day of October, the prosecutor came to the office, and gave information of the robbery, and I went on board the ship; she lay off Cherry-garden-stairs; I found, about half a mile from the brig, the prisoner; there was a new key on the prisoner, and a French crown; says I, I look upon it, you have been buying a chest with some of the captain's money, and on speaking a little sharp to him, he had changed one of the French crowns he took out of the captain's chest, and had bought a chest, which was at his lodgings, and he said, he lodged at the Black Lyon, on Saltpetre-bank; I went there and found a chest; this key opened it; there I found all the things in the indictment; I had the care of the chest and things till I carried them to the Magistrate's; the same things were returned into the chest that were taken out; here is a shirt that was taken off his back.
(The blankets produced and deposed to, marked W. B.)
Here are four pair of silk stockings; I will put them at four shillings; here are ten shirts, worth forty shillings.
- CLARKE sworn.
The prisoner lodged with me about six weeks ago; he lodged for three weeks and paid no money; on Sunday the 15th of October, he came between two and three, and paid his lodgings.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I did not break open the chest, nor take any thing out; a waterman belonging to Captain 
               
                  Bonner
               


             did it; he put Captain 
               
                  Bonner
               


             on shore that morning; he enticed me, and said he would get me a ship here; and Captain Brown stands here, he cannot say that I ever wronged him of any thing; but I cannot force him to give me a character without he pleases.
Capt. BROWN sworn.
I am master of a ship, the prisoner failed with me last year to Antigua; I discharged him about nine weeks ago; he went in the capacity of steward; he always behaved as an honest boy; when he was with me, he might have taken hundreds of pounds from me; he never took a farthing; I did not know of his being tried here.
(The Confession handed up, proved by Elby.)
Elby. No promise was made him. The said 
               
                  William
                   Campbell
               



             acknowledges his taking the wearing apparel; and that he took four dollars, and he 
               
                  drew
               


             the nail of the lock with an ax, on Sunday last.




               GUILTY, 39 s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
