






90. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JARVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Darby
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 7th of December
, and putting him in fear; and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, one watch, with an inside case, and an outside case, made of base metal, value 40 s. a steel chain, value 2 s. a cornealian seal set in gold, value 4 s. a key, value 1 d. a small iron key for a tea chest, value 1 d. one hair locket set in base metal, with a gold rim, value 1 s. his property
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  CHARLES
                   DARBY
               



             (a Black) sworn.
Last Sunday week there was a fire in Fenchurch-street


, my mistress sent me to know whether the fire had done any damage; I am a servant
 in Billeter-square; as I was looking at the fire several men came and shoved me; it was about nine o'clock; then I looked up and said, God bless me, good man, do not shove me; and when I turned my face, I saw directly my watch was pulled out of my pocket, after I was shoved; I looked up in the fellow's face, and he pulled my watch out, I saw the watch in the man's hand after he pulled it out, and he gave it to another, I caught hold of him, and I called pick-pocket, pick-pocket, he has my watch; nobody came to my assistance; then there came two or three, pulled me about, and beat me sadly; there were thousands of people round me in a moment before I got assistance; I kept hold of the man all the time, it was the prisoner, I did not know him before, the officer has my watch; at the same time a fellow came and pulled my hair; I lost a pin, that was after I lost my watch; I delivered the prisoner to the officer.
Mr. Schoen, prisoner's council. Did you never say you did not know it was the prisoner that took your watch? - No.
Did you never seize another man? - No, only the prisoner.
Did you never hear of any reward? - No, by nobody, that I swear.
Prisoner. Does he know the danger of an oath.
Do you go to church? - Yes.
Do you know the principles of our religion? - To take a false oath is a wicked thing, for which I shall go to hell.
Court. You say a tall man shoved you; that was not the Prisoner? - No.


                  ANTHONY
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
Last Sunday se'nnight in the evening, between ten and eleven, we were at the fire, to prevent robberies; about a quarter before eleven, there was a great noise in Rood-lane; I ran down, and saw this Black and Newman having hold of Jarvis, and a very great mob were pulling him oue way and the other; I took hold of Jarvis with my left hand, and looked at him; says I, is it you Jarvis? In a minute or two somebody hit me behind over the head, not the prisoner; Filcock came and assisted me to take him to the counter; I searched him, and found nothing upon him; we went to the City Arms in Lombard-street, and a witness came in named Clarke, who took the Black's account of the watch and locket, and delivered to him a watch and a locket, which the Black said were his, and which Clarke said he found, and a locket.


                  JOHN
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I came off duty about twenty minutes after nine, from Guy's-hospital, and me and my fellow-servant went to see the fire; and at the corner of Rood-lane I saw the prisoner taken into custody; and I kicked something before me, and I looked at it, it was a watch, the outer case was off; I took it up about a yard from where the prisoner was first taken up as I perceived, though he had been in custody about a minute before I saw him; the watch was nearer to the fire than they prisoner, they took him to Rood-lane, and we followed soon afterwith a youngman who had found the case; and about half way down Rood-lane I picked up the Locket; that was about ten minutes after I found the watch; at the City Arms the prisoner described the watch and the seal and keys, he swore the watch was his as soon as I delivered it him, the gold seal was not on it when I picked it up; I delivered it to Mr. Harrison, the city patrole, the next morning.
(The watch produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. When you saw me, had I a stick in my hand or not? - I will not say.
Speak truth, do, pray do? - I did not see you with a stick in your hand.
To Darby? - I did not see him with any stick in his hand.
To Harrison. Did you see a stick in his hand? - He had a stick in his hand, it could not be him that hit me over the head, I was obliged to hit him before I could get the stich out of his hand; we had enough to do, I asure you.
Harrison. I went to the prosecutor's Mistresses, and I went down into the kitchin, and there were three tea chests on the dresser; I tried the key that was on the watch, and it fitted none but the one which he said was his own.


                  ROBERT
                   FILLCOCK
               



             sworn.
I am an officer, I produce the case.
(Deposed to by the prosecutor, by the watch paper.)
Deposed to the same effect as to taking the prisoner. The prosecutor deposed to the locket, by an S.


                  ROBERT
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
He had a stick in his hand, I took it out of his hand; I was there, and the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner, and said he had robbed him; I kept him in custody; when I came up he was struggling, and jostling, and trying to get away.
Prisoner. How can you be such a villan to say so; I was standing by the fire, and my hand was on one 
               
                  Stephen
                   Fisher
               



            's shoulder, and my stick in the other hand, complaining of my leg; I had a very bad leg by a fall from a horse; in this time, this Black man seized another lusty man by the arm; says he, you have got my watch; then he says to me, you have my watch; says I, search me; they searched me, and took me to the counter; Mr. Fisher is a man of property and independence, I do not doubt but he is here to prove the truth; the Black knows it was not me, till those constables, Newman and Harrison, persuaded him to swear away my life; Harrison did not come till I had been in custody ten minutes.


                  STEPHEN
                   FISHER
               



             sworn.
Where do you live? - In Hammersmith, Brook-green.
What are you? - I am a weaver by trade.
Was you in company with the prisoner on the night he was taken at the fire? - Yes.
Relate what you know of this transaction? - I was at one Mr. Gill's, in Whitechapel; we had a pot of beer, the prisoner and me; I was going home to Hammersmith; I said you may as well take a walk along with me, it was between the hours of eight and nine; there was a fire.
Where does the prisoner live? - In Priest-alley, Tower-Dock, No. 11.
Was the alehouse from whence you went in the way to his home, as well as to yours? - No, it certainly was not: coming to the fire, I stopped there about five minutes; that might be between eight and nine; the prisoner had his left hand on my right shoulder, and a stick in his right hand; he was complaining to me of a pain he had in his leg, from a fall from a horse, about five weeks back; there was a bustle among the people, and a shoving, and the prosecutor took hold of a stout lusty man, in a light-coloured drab coat, he got away from him.
Mr. Schoen. Then you swear that the prosecutor first took hold of a stout man,with a light coloured drab coat on, who got away from him? - Yes.
How did he take hold of him? - By the collar; I might be two or three yards from him, I cannot tell exactly the distance, by the crouding of the people; I could not hear any thing he said to him; the man broke away from him; the prisoner had hold of me at that time.
Was the prisoner nearer to the black man than you was, or was you nearer to the black man? - I never saw the black man, till he seized hold of the stout lusty man; I saw him then; to the best of my knowledge I was nearer to him, he had his left hand on my right shoulder; he had a stick in his right hand; the stout lusty man got away from the prosecutor, and he seized hold of the prisoner, and said, you have got my watch. I have got no watch, says the prisoner, search me; and the scourge of people took away the prisoner and carried him to the counter.
The prisoner is a butcher, I believe? - I believe he is a butcher, and kept a shop in Russel-street, Covent-Garden, about two years back; his father before him was a butcher; I have known the prisoner from a baby.
He had the misfortune to fail? - He had, he is now a journeyman; I never knew any thing against him.
Court. Did you see Newman, or Fillcock, or Harrison there? - No, there was a struggling among the multitude, and the prisoner was taken away; I do not know by who; I could not follow then, but an hour after I knew he was carried to the counter; I could not get time to tell them he was innocent when they took him, the people crowded so.
Was the fire in your road home? - Yes.
How far was the prisoner going with you? - As far as St. Paul's, to the Goose and Gridiron; then I should have gone to Piccadilly, and taken the stage.
You knew nothing of the fire when you was drinking at the alehouse? - No.
Then coming along you stopt out of curiosity? - Yes.
You did nothing good or bad? - No.
Why did you desert your friend, when they charged him with taking the watch? - The hustle of the people was so great, that I did not know which way he went, when they carried him away, till the next morning.
Did you appear before the justice the next morning? - Yes, I did.
Was you examined? - I was called in, and sent out again; before I went in again, they said I had no business there; Mr. Harrison says to me, you have been making it up with this man, concerning the watch; No, says I, I have not; I went to him, and spoke to him directly, and asked him; No says he, I never saw you before; there was a little man, a barber, with a loose coat on Mr. Harrison, said I, wanted to make it up with him.
Court to Harrison. Was the witness at the justices the next day? - He was; I know him very well; he came to give an account, if they would let him; I told him afterwards, that I suspected he was going to make it up.
Jury to Fisher. What way are you in now? - I have not followed business these two years; I have above fifty pounds a year, and I had one hundred fifty pounds, when it was left me; I have nobody but my wife and myself; and we live upon it, at Brook-Green, under Mr. Ward.


                  ELIZABETH
                   LEAK
               



             sworn.
I live in Whitechapel; I have known the prisoner many years, he was a butcher; I never knew any dishonesty in my life, nor ever heard any; I travel the country all the summer with hardware; my husband is a hair dresser; I am at home in the winter.
Then you have not had many opportunities of being with this man or seeing him? - No, [the prisoner said something to the witness.] the day he was apprehended, his sister asked me to go to a publick house, facing the mansion house; I went into the publick house; his sister was speaking to the prosecutor, and I heard theblack man say, that all he wanted was his property again; that he could not swear to any body.
How came you forget this when you first came up? - Are you asked me the other question first.
Has any body put it into your mind since? - No, Sir, nobody.
Has nobody spoke to you? - Nobody, not till now, that the prisoner spoke to me; the black man said, that he only wanted his property again, as he could not swear to any body there were the words.
That was said before the sister of this prisoner and you, and several other people? - I do not know, to my knowledge, they there was any body heard it besides the prisoner's sister; and myself.
Court to Darby. Did you say to this woman, or the prisoner's sister, or to any body, that you could not swear to any one? - I did not say any such thing, they came after me to make it up, and I told them I would not.
Did this woman come to help to make it up? - Yes, with another woman, wanted to ask me questions, I told them I could not; they wanted me to go with them, and wanted to ask me questions; my business was at home, I would not.
Did this woman, or did the other woman in her presence, and when she was there, offer to make it up with you? - Yes.
How was that offer made? - The value of the watch to make it up, and not make any words.
Who offered the value of the watch? - His sister.
Was this woman present? - She was there, she heard it.
To Mrs. Leak. What did you go to him for? - I went with his sister, I cannot say what she went to him for.
Was there nothing said about making it up, upon your oath? - Not in my presence.
Not a syllable? - Not a syllable.
Nor about giving him the value of the watch to drop the prosecution? - Not in my presence; I did not ask him any questions; I went with her; I cannot positively say I did not hear her asked the man any thing at all.
Then he voluntarily without being asked any questions, said, what he wanted was his property again? - She went and spoke to him, I do not know what questions she asked him; I heard him say, what he wanted was his property again, that he could not swear to any one; I did not hear the question, I only heard the answer.


                  EDWARD
                   JARVIS
               



             sworn.
I live No. 11, Priest-alley; the prisoner lodged with me four or five months, till this happened; I had a character from the last house where he lodged, I have entrusted him with a few guineas, or ten pound note to change; he always brought it to me very honest.
The prisoner called two more witnesses to his character.




               GUILTY
            . of stealing.
Not of the highway robbery.
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


