





974. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     BELK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th day of October
, one yard and a quarter of serge, value 18 d.
             the property of the 
               
united company of merchants trading to the East-Indies.




A second count, laying it to be the property of 
               

                        George Archdale 
                        Lowe
                     







            .


                  GEORGE
                   ARCHDALE
               



             LOWE sworn.
On Friday the 14th instant, I was called down from dinner, I am a packer

, this serge was instrusted to my charge by the company, I saw the prisoner in custody.


                  JAMES
                   MILLS
               



             sworn.
About two on Friday, the 14th, one of the men called me out of the compting-house, and told me that they found a piece deficient, I ordered the prisoner to be watched.


                  HENRY
                   DESSE
               



             sworn.
At three o'clock last Friday was a week, Mr. Mills ordered me to stand behind a pile of long ells, and the first piece the prisoner took in hand he cut, then I acquainted Mr. Mills, and he came and found it in his breeches.
(Produced.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am an elderly man, it is the first time I ever was arraigned at any bar whatever, I hope you will take compassion on my family, as I am troubled with an asthma, and have been so ever since I have been confined.



               GUILTY
            .
Mr. Lowe. I beg leave just to observe, that in consequence of the prisoner's having cut this piece, I thought it my duty to unpack great part, and I had the misfortune to find one hundred and two pieces cut in this manner, and from many concurring circumstances which amount to absolute proofs, and leave it beyond a doubt, they were cut by the prisoner.
Court. You do right in telling it me now, and in not telling me before; it is a very bad offence; what age is the prisoner? - Fifty-one.
Court to Prisoner. You have been convicted on the clearest and most decisive evidence, such as excludes all possibility of doubt; if gentlemen employed in business of this nature cannot put a trust in those whom they must necessarily employ under them, the hazard in such as would disable any body from carrying on business; so that it is extremely necessary to the public that such practices should be put a stop to, and there is great reason to believe you have carried on this to a very great extent, therefore you are a very proper person to punish as an example to others; the sentence therefore of the Court upon you is, that you be 


               transported beyond the seas, for the term of seven years, to such place as his Majesty by the advice of his Privy Council shall declare and appoint
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
