






578. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     COLLETT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of September
 last, one linen gown, value 10 s. one stuff petticoat, value 1 s. three muslin aprons value 1 s. and 6 d. one linen shirt, value 2 s. and 6 d. one silk cloak, value 2 s. two muslin handkerchiefs, value 1 s. one pillow case, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Bamfield
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   BAMFIELD
               



             sworn.
I went out on the 9th of September to Astley's Riding-school, when I returned, I found my parlour door was broke open, which I double locked; and these things were on the floor, and a gown ready to be tied up, they were in the drawers before.


                  JAMES
                   TILL
               



             sworn.
I was standing at my master's door about seven o'clock, and I saw the prisoner and another come past me several times; I walked round the house and came back again, and I saw one of the men that is not here, in the prosecutor's passage, one was even at the rails, the other very near opposite the house, the man came out of the passage, and went over to the man that was at the dead wall, which was the prisoner Johnson, then I saw them go one by one into the house, it was rather dusk; I called assistance, we went in, and they rushed out from the parlour, we took Johnson, and the rest run away; I am sure of the prisoner.
Prisoner Johnson. Did he see me come out of the parlour door, or down stairs? - Out of the parlour door.


                  EZEKIEL
                   MITCHELL
               



             sworn.
I went with the last witness and saw the two prisoners and another man in the parlour; I am sure of both these men.


                  WILLIAM
                   FASS
               



             sworn.
I am a shoemaker, I heard a noise as I was at work; I cannot swear to the prisoners.
Prisoner Johnson. As I was coming along two men laid hold of me, I said my master had sent me of an errand; he is a Copper-plate printer.
Prisoner Collet. I was at home all the day, the day the house was broke open.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
