





389. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FAIRBANK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
 last, one muslin cap, value 14 s. a muslin handkerchief, value 3 s. four pair of robins, value 3 s. four linen shifts, value 12 s. one white bed-gown, value 2 s. a black crape gown, value 2 s. a black petticoat, value 3 s. fourteen linen napkins, value 10 s. 6 d. two aprons, value 2 s. one fan, value 6 d. a copper pot lid, value 1 s. and one iron bed winch, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Wilson
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  ELIZABETH
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I go out a nursing
; on the 12th of March last, I had been confined to my room; I went to the hospital; the prisoner lodged at my apartments; and he was very inquisitive to know when I should come home; I came home on the 7th of March; on the Monday following, which was the 12th, I went to my trunk to get some clean linen, and I had nothing there only one hat and a pair of sheets; on the Thursday this man left my lodgings; I saw my things when I went into the hospital; I was there eleven weeks, but there is some of the property I found; I left them in a large hair trunk, locked up in my own apartment.
Can you mention what you left in your trunk when you went to the hospital? - Yes, the things mentioned in the indictment; on the 13th of March I saw a pair of double robins at one Mr. Legatr'sshop, in Fleet-lane; I claimed them there, I found a cap, and I found out enough to apprehend the prisoner, and he was taken the 17th, which was the Saturday following.


                  AMELIA
                   MILLET
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to me and took part of a bed with another man; it was the apartment of the prosecutrix; he lodged there about eight weeks; he came there in her absence; she came back the 7th of March, and he quitted his lodgings the 8th, which was the Thursday; I saw this trunk in her room; I never saw what was in it.


                  JANE
                   STEWART
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner; one day he came into my shop, and asked me if I would come into the shop; I keep an open shop in Fleet-lane, and deal in shoes and stockings, and other things; it was about three months ago that he came; I was at the door dealing with a man for a pair of stockings; the girl called me; when I came in, he opened a handkerchief, and shewed me the things; I bid him money; he would not take it; he shook his head, and appeared very much affected, and said his wife was dead, and had left these things; then he went away, and came again, and said he could get no more, and I was a fair dealing woman; I gave him thirteen shillings or fourteen shillings for the whole.


                  JAMES
                   BESWICK
               



             sworn.
I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; the property was delivered to my care by the owner.
Mrs. Wilson. I delivered them to the constable; I can swear to them all.
Mrs. Stewart. I may have had them three months.


                  SARAH
                   MEAD
               



             sworn.
I was in the shop when the prisoner came in to sell the things; he said, his wife was dead and he was getting the things out of pawn.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
It was a common lodging house; another man slept with me; I sold some things of my wife's; I know nothing of these things.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
