





181. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PETRIE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of December
 last, eight cloth coats, value 6 l. twelve waistcoats. value 5 l. eight pair of breeches, value 3 l. six handkerchiefs, value 6 s. six stocks, value 6 s. one pair of silk breeches, value 15 s. six linen sheets, value 20 s. three linen table cloths, value 10 s. six linen tow els, value 3 s. two morning gowns, value 50 s. two fuzees, value 3 l. a pair of pocket pistols, value 30 s. one silver mounted sword, value 4 l. four pair of silk stockings, value 10 s. three pair of thread stockings, value 3 s. and fifty linen shirts, value 20 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Archibald 
                           Campbell
                        



                     
                  , Esq.
 and one steel mounted sword, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Duncan 
                           Campbell
                        



                     
                  , Esq.
 in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John
                         Hayman
                     



.

COLONEL
 CAMPBELL sworn.
To my misfortune the prisoner was my servant
, he had been so about six months, on his succeeding my former servant, the things mentioned in the indictment, with a number of others, were delivered to him. At the end of September or beginning of October I came to London, and lodged in the house of 
               
                  John
                   Hayman
               



            , No. 23, Queen-street, Bloomsbury


; the prisoner lodged in the house, he kept the keys of my trunks; most of the things in the indictment I saw since I came to town, I had no suspicions of his honesty till about Christmas, upon the 26th of December I missed two fuzees and two swords that ought to have been visible in my room; on Friday morning I asked the prisoner for them, he made a pretence that he had sent them to be cleaned, upon which I desired him to bring my keys and shew me my trunks, he pretended to go up to his own room for the keys, but slipped out at the fore door and disappeared; upon this I employed people to look after him, and the next Saturday they found him with one Green, that goes commonly by the name of Captain Green, inlisted for the East India service, he was at Mr. Green's house, which I believe is in St. Martin's-lane; I sent my compliments to Mr. Green, and begged him to take care of him till Monday morning, and produce him at Justice Hyde's; on Monday he was brought there, he acknowledged there the making away with the things, and said it was owing to bad advice.
Did he say what he had done with the things? - Upon the justice pressing him to make all the reparation in his power by telling what he had done with the things, he said, he had sold and pledged some at many different places, and the rest he had disposed of to jews, and people that he did not know; the justice sent men along with him to different places that he named, and the few things that were found at these places are here to be produced.
Court. Can you mention Colonel Campbell, from your own recollection and knowledge, all the things that were lost? - My Lord, I have not mentioned half, I lost every thing I had in the world but what I had on, besides three shirts and a pair of silk breeches, and a pair of nankeen breeches was all I had left.
Can you speak with certainty to the things mentioned in the indictment having been among those that were lost? - Yes, I had given him an inventory of them at the time, there were eight cloth coats, and a great number of waistcoats, regimental and others, more than twelve.
Was there any particular promise made to the prisoner before he confessed. - No.


                  FRANCIS
                   FLEMING
               



             sworn.
I am a pawn-broker, here is a steel hilted sword, and a pair of black silk stockings.
Prosecutor. That was Captain Duncan Campbell's sword.
Court. Who were these things pledged by? - By the prisoner; on the 15th of December there was a shirt also.
Did you know the prisoner before? - I never saw him in my life before.
How do you know he is the man? - I questioned him, he told me his master was a colonel, and his pay was not due, and he was very much in want of money, and he had sent these things by him, and as gentlemen send things to our shop I did not doubt him.
(The sword and shirt and stockings deposed to.)
Colonel Campbell. I know the stockings, they were too long in the feet, and my washer-woman cut off the tops of the feet, the shirt is marked A. C. No. 7. I have not the least reason to doubt that it is mine, but I would not wish to swear positively to the shirt, as a man may be mistaken; the stockings I have given a particular reason for knowing.
Court. What may the value of the sword be? - I really cannot say.
Fleming. It is worth twenty shillings:


                  WILLIAM
                   SHIPLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, I produce a pair of pistols which the prisoner brought to my shop some time towards the latter end of November, and said he wanted to dispose of them and change them for a watch or any thing of that sort, and he fixed upon a metal watch in the window, and two metal seals, and a metal chain.
Court. What may be the worth of them? - The watch and seals I gave him was worth about a guinea and a half, here is also a coat and a shirt, and two pair of breeches and a pair of stockings, the breeches was pledged by him in December.
What may these things be worth? - I lent twelve shillings on them.
What are they worth? - I suppose twenty-four shillings.
Prosecutor. The pistols and great coat are mine, as to the breeches I cannot say, I had many such, I cannot speak to them with certainty.


                  WILLIAM
                   DICKINSON
               



             sworn.
I have two pair of breeches and a shirt.
What is the value of these things? - About six shillings.


                  JOHN
                   WATERFIELD
               



             sworn.
I keep a sale shop in the clothes way, I bought these things of the prisoner on Christmas-day morning, a pair of breeches and a waistcoat, there was a ruffled shirt which I disposed of before I knew any thing of the matter.
Prosecutor. I cannot speak particularly to them.
Shipley. On the 10th of December, when he pledged the coat and waistcoat, I gave him a silver watch for two fuzees, I had them cleaned, and they were sold previous to this being found out.


                  ELIZABETH
                   LANDER
               



             sworn.
I bought these things of the prisoner at the bar, two pair of breeches and a waistcoat, about three weeks or a month ago.
(The waistcoat deposed to by the make of it, and the breeches with regimental buttons.)

Prisoner. I have nothing to say, I have no witnesses.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, I will state to you what I take to be clearly the law upon this case; that the value of the things must not only be in the whole such a value as the law requires to constitute a capital offence, but the things must be stolen at some one particular time, and no particular acts of stealing must amount to that value; for the law will not permit the value of things stolen at different times, which are in fact different acts of stealing, to be added together; because as no number of petty larcenys will amount to a grand larceny, so no number of grand larcenys added together will amount to a capital charge; it seems to me that there is no direct evidence before you of things taken at any one time, of the value of forty shillings; and though there seems to be no ground for lessening the value of the things which has been put on them by witnesses, yet I do not think a jury is warranted against a prisoner to extend the value; the sword is valued by the witness at twenty shillings only, and by that value I think in such a case you ought to be bound; whatever your opinion upon the view of it may be, you should not, against the prisoner, depart from that; and no value you put on the black silk stockings and shirt, will bring it to 40 s. the pistols he says were under 40 s. there are two others who both speak to other things pledged on the same day, now it would not be a strained inference to say that they were taken at the same time, but they both added together do not amount to the value.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            

Court to Prosecutor. Where did you get the prisoner from? - He was a soldier
 in the regiment.
Mr. Recorder then passed sentence upon the Prisoner as follows:
Prisoner at the bar, you have been convicted of an offence on very clear and satisfactory evidence, which, as charged in the indictment, would have affected your life; the tenderness of the witnesses with respect to the value of some of the articles, has reduced the offence, so that the verdict of the Jury does not affect your life; but the Court think themselves bound to take notice of the circumstances of agravation with which your offence was attended, being a theft against that master whose property it was your duty to protect, and being a very aggravated breach of trust; for it appears, you have passed a great part of the time you have been here, in plundering this gentleman from time to time, until at last you had almost stripped him; therefore the Court thinks no punishment short of death can be too severe for your offence, and the sentence of the Court upon you is, that you be 


               transported to Africa for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
