





549. 
               
                  
                     ELLIC 
                     REVERETT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 12th of June
, a silver table spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henrietta 
                     Hudson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   ADAMS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Miss Hudson, she lost a large silver table spoon with H. H. upon it, she lives in Sloan-street, Chelsea


, it was taken the 12th of June, the prisoner was at our house at nine in the morning, it was not missed till Blacketer brought it to our house, which was about four o'clock the same day; I had seen the prisoner two or three times before at our house, he came to see one of my fellow servants.


                  JOHN
                   CROUCH
               



             sworn.
On the 12th of June, about twelve, the prisoner brought this spoon to pledge at our house in Berwick-street, he said it was his own, I asked him the mark, he said he could not tell, then he said it was his own brothers, who lived in Swallow-street, and he lived in the next street, I went with him, and he did live there; I sent for an officer then, and told him it was better to tell whose spoon it was, he would not at first.
No matter what he said? - After that I marked the spoon and gave it to the officer, this is the spoon I received from the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   BLACKETER
               



             sworn.
This is the spoon I received from the pawnbroker, I saw the prisoner have it, it was about one or two o'clock.
(The spoon deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went there in the morning; one of the servants gave me this spoon, he being short of money, to go and pawn it for him, I went to pawn it, and said it was a brother's of mine; I told him where he lived, and he went to where he lodged, and I told him the right place; I told him where I got the spoon; I never was guilty of any thing before, I have sent for nobody, nobody knows it; I have tried to live on the gaol allowance, there are people in court now, know that I have lived in very genteel families.

The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
