






169. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOOT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     EDWARDS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of December
 last, two linen handkerchiefs, value 5 s. 7 d. one silk ditto, value 5 s. one shawl, value 9 s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 3 s. 3 d. seven eights of a yard of turbin, value 7 s. 6 d. a piece of lawn, value 7 s. 6 d. one tambour worked apron, value 16 s. one remnant of printed cotton, value 2 s. 9 d. a muslin apron, value 9 s. four yards three sixteenths of muslin, value 10 s. 10 d. one shawl, value 11 s. 3 d. one pair of cotton stockings, value 3 s. 9 d. three linen handkerchiefs, value 5 s. three silk handkerchiefs, value 15 s. one linen ditto, value 18 d. one muslin apron, value 7 s. 6 d. twenty-five yards of Irish linen cloth, value 2 l. 8 s. 9 d. three pair of silk stockings, value 29 s. 6 d. a yard of lawn, value 5 s. 4 d. two shawls, value 6 s. 4 d. twenty-five yards of Irish linen cloth, value 4 l. 17 s. four muslin handkerchiefs, value 20 s. four linen ditto, value 9 s. 4 d. six yards three eights of muslin cambrick, value 1 l. 11 s. 10 d. one yard and one eight of a yard of white linsey, value 18 d. two linen handkerchiefs, value 3 s. 4 d. one yard and a half of callico, value 2 s. 3 d. two callico coats, value 5 s. two coarse linen aprons, value 2 s. and five eights of a yard of lawn, value 4 s. 2 d. 
            the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Starey
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Starey
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   STAREY
               



             sworn.
I live in Little Newport-street, No. 27


; the prisoner was our porter
; I cannot exactly ascertain when my property was lost: it was found in the possession of the prisoners; I missed it on the 17th of December; the prisoner 
               
                  John
                   Boot
               



            , was to have left us on the following day; and from several articles being missed out of the shop previous to that time, I thought it necessary to search his box before he left the house; I searched his box, and I found nothing of any consequence; there was a part of a small piece of Irish, and part of a piece of cambrick, which he said was part of some shirts he had bought; and in consequence of what he said, I took no notice of it; I afterwards sent for another porter which we kept, I likewise searched his box, and while I was searching this porter's box, the servant maid
, the woman prisoner, came out of her own room, which was adjoininghis room, and ran down stairs as hard as she could; I had two shopmen with me; I went down and brought her up, and desired her box might be opened; she came rather slowly up stairs; I desired her to come forwards, we would search her room first, as her's was the first room; I asked her to open her box, which she did, and the first thing that struck me at the top of the box was some bottles, with some gin and wine; I thought them of very little consequence, but laid them by till I had searched further; the next thing that appeared, was a stocking full of soap, starch, and blue, and different things, which I gave to one of our young men, and desired they would turn them out, which they did, and in the bottom of this stocking under these articles, was a small piece of cambric, about three quarters of a yard, which has our private mark upon it, and I can swear to it; on further searching, I found a small piece of Irish, which has likewise a mark to it; on looking further, I found two callico petticoats, which were used as wrappers to put our goods in, which had been sent to wash, which she had converted into petticoats; I called up the other prisoner, and detained him; and from examining him there with a friend, he acknowledged to several things.
Court. Did you first of all make him any promise? - Not previous to that confession, but afterwards I promised to shew him lenity if he would confess: the first confession that Boot made was, that there were some whole pieces of Irish stole; he said he had stole a whole piece of Irish, and given it to Jenny; in consequence, I went down into the kitchen, and she acknowledged it.
Upon this first examination, what did he say? - I asked him how long it was since the first cloth was stole, and he acknowledged there had been a whole piece of cloth stole, and that he had given a piece to Jenny; I went down to her, and she said there was a whole piece of cloth, and something else in her room, and if I would go with her, she would shew it to me; I believe she said that John had stole it, and given it to her; I went up stairs with her into the room; in searching the bed, before I observed that one side of the bed was open, and I took out a whole piece of Irish, part of a piece of callico, and part of a piece of swan skin, cut off the piece; she said it was distress that had driven her to it; she had two children, and was not capable of maintaining them.
When was the first time you made any promise to her, or the other? - After some time; I got Mr. Fletcher from the Rotation office to come to our house, and he examined them separately; I took care they never should get together; and after examining them for some time, we made them a promise of lenity on their confession.
Court. We must not have any thing mentioned after this confession was made? - It is impossible for me to tell the particular time when that promise was made, it was after Mr. Fletcher had examined them some time; the only promise that was made, he told them if they would confess, it was in my power to shew them mercy.
Court. If there is a doubt about the time, I shall not receive it? - I am not positive sure as to the time the promise was made.
What were those pieces of Irish worth that he owned at first he had taken, and given to the prisoner Edwards? - Twenty-five yards cost three shillings and nine-pence a yard, worth upwards of four pounds; he owned that he gave that to 
               
                  Jane
                   Edwards
               



            , and she acknowledged that she received it from him, when she pulled it out of the bed.
Mr. Garrow. How long had this woman lived in your service? - About five months.
Down to this time, you had reason to suppose her an honest woman? - I had no reason to suppose either of them otherwise, till I found them so.
You said just now, that this woman old you she had some family, is that true? -I believe she has three children instead of two, all of them young.
You examined this woman's box? - I did.
Was the hinges of it sound or not? - I do not know that it was, I believe it was not; she opened it with a key.
How long had the man lived with you? - Near eleven months.
Do you know a woman of the name of Charlton? - I have seen her, she lived with a lady in Portland-road; she was not a servant of our's; the prisoner was a porter, he had business in the shop; the woman was a maid of all work; we have a nursery maid beside.


                  JOHN
                   BOYD
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I live with Mr. Gates, the corner of Bedford-street, in the Strand.
Mr. Garrow. This came from the confession.
Prosecutor. This was in consequence of a promise, but I do not know whether it was before or after.


                  WILLIAM
                   FRENCH
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor.
Mr. Garrow. Do you know any thing of this man, except by what the prisoner said? are you able to say that that information was given you before the promise; can you venture to swear it was? - I cannot say.
Then I object to that man.


                  RICHARD
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
Mr. Garrow. You are another pawnbroker, you may stand down too.


                  ELIZABETH
                   DICKINS
               



             sworn.
I lived cook at Lady Ashurst's, in Spring-gardens; she is now dead.
Did you go to this witness in consequence of any general knowledge that you had before, or in consequence of any information from the prisoner? - In consequence of both.
Can you venture to swear that that information was given before the promise? - I believe I can.
Will you swear it was not positively? - I believe I may.
Do you mean to do it? - To the best of my knowledge and belief.
Mr. Garrow. That will not do.


                  DENNIS
                   M'DONNALD
               



             sworn.
The prosecutor sent for me the same evening to take this man and woman into custody, and in searching the place, the woman went into her bed room, and took this pair of silk stockings out of her box.
Mr. Garrow. That was after Mr. Fletcher was there? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow. Then that is nothing.


                  MARY
                   ENGLISH
               



             sworn.
I live at Lambeth; I keep a shop there.
Mr. Garrow. This was after the confession.
Prosecutor. He acknowledged there was a woman at Lambeth, to whom he had given a pair of stockings; we had taken her name down to make further enquiry before Mr. Fletcher came; he said he had formerly lodged with her, and that he had given her a pair of stockings.
Mrs. English. This young man was to come to lodge with me on the very day that the house was robbed; and before that, he brought three or four pair of stockings, and desired me to lay them by for him, and some handkerchiefs, and desired me to hem for him, and some he desired me to lay by; he brought these stockings some time before he was taken up.
Prosecutor. These stockings are mine, here is a private mark; I have not the least doubt in the world.


                  MARTHA
                   CHARLTON
               



             sworn.
Mr. Garrow. You was led to the prisoner by what he told you? - Yes, I was, but I do not know whether it was before any confession.
Mr. Garrow. I submit, that as to this woman, there is not a title of evidence to go to the Jury.
(The piece of Irish produced, which cost three shillings and sixpence a yard.)

The prisoner Boot called six witnesses, who all gave him a good character.
(The prisoner Boot fell into a fit.)


                  JOHN
                   BOOT
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
JANE EDWARDS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURT.
