





570. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROBINSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th day of May
 last, a man's woollen coat, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Rankin
                        



                     
                  ; a cloth coat, value 10 s. a waistcoat, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Chew
                        



                     
                  ; and one silver watch, value 3 l. a pair of shoes, value 3 s. and eighteen pence in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Nuby
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John
                         Zugge
                     



.
- RANKIN sworn.
I lost my property the 20th of May; a coat made of woollen; my wife gave it to the prisoner to cover him; I told her to do it; I knew she did it; I saw him take it from her; I saw it the 6th of July upon Robinson's back; the great coat was very remarkable, the sleeves have been changed; the prisoner went out the next morning.
What is the value of this coat? - Eighteen-pence or two shillings.
How long have you had it? - About three years.


                  MICHAEL
                   CHEW
               



             sworn.
I lived in the house; I am an apprentice there; it was the 21st I missed a cloth coat and waistcoat; when I went to get up about six they were gone.
Where was this cloth coat and waistcoat? - Hanging on the back of a chair, against the bedside; I never saw it again; when I went to bed, the prisoner asked me if they were my best clothes; he was laying atop of the bedstead in the room; I said, yes, they were my best clothes, I had no other but what was at my friends; he began examining about the bedstead; he said, he did not lay high enough, and I gave him two old great coats; in the morning about half past three, I awaked my bedfellow to see what it was o'clock; that was Mr. Nuby; we went to look at his watch and it was gone; then I fell asleep; the prisoner was gone watch and all; I am quite sure the prisoner was the man; I valued the coat and waistcoat at fifteen shillings.


                  CHARLES
                   NUBY
               



             sworn.
I lodge at the house of Mr. Rankin; on the 20th of May the prisoner came to me at twelve o'clock on the Saturday; Mr. Rankin knew him, but I did not; the prisoner said, he had a ham and six bottles of wine from Rotterdam, they were in the ship, and he would fetch them to Mr. Rankin's house in the morning; Mr. Rankin kept him to dinner; he told me if I would go on board the ship, I should drink geneva, I tell him, I do no like it, he tell me. I shall stay there all day, I tell him, I do no like it; I was in my room reading the Bible; Mr. Chew slept in the same room.
Did you lose any thing that night? - Yes, I saw him in the night sitting up in the bed; I lost a silver English watch, and a couple of leather shoes, and eighteen-pence in silver; he took it out of my pocket.
What is the name of the man where you lodge? - 
               
                  John
                   Zugge
               



            ; my watch is valued at three pounds and an half, my shoes at 3 s. I missed them in the morning as soon as I could see; he tell me, he could not sleep for buggs; I saw nobody else there that night; he took the best shoes.


                  ROBERT
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
I am a smith; I lodged in this house; in May last, I saw the prisoner go out in the morning; I heard somebody come down stairs, I thought it had been the apprentice; I heard a great bustle at the door, and looked out of the window to see, and the prisoner was with Rankin's coat on, and the apprentice's coat under it; he was not stopped at that time; he did not run off, he walked; I am sure they were the coats.


                  HENRY
                   BIRGMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a cabinet-maker; I work for Mr. Rankin, and I saw the prisoner; I saw him a fortnight after with Mr. Rankin's coat on.



                  JOHN
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
I am round house keeper of St. Giles's; the prisoner had this coat on; I have kept it ever since.
(Produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Concerning the wine and ham; when I was last at Rotterdam, I saw an acquaintance of the prosecutor's, he said, he would send him some wine and ham, if I would give him a direction; I gave him one; I then came to London, and I was in the space of two months in expectation of finding these things; I called on the prosecutor, and staid there till the evening, and he asked me to sleep in the house, and he gave me a blanket to sleep in, on an empty bedstead; his wife brought me up a great coat; I went away with it in the morning between five and six; I did not return again till I was made; and then these things were laid to my charge; the coat and waistcoat and watch, I am a stranger to.




               GUILTY, 20 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
