





354. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DUNFORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Roger 
                        Buckmaster
                     




                  , on the 12th of April
, about the hour of two in the night, and stealing a linen cloth, value 9 d. sixteen pounds weight of mutton, value 6 s. and thirty-six pounds weight of beef, value 10 s. 
             the property of the said Roger.
A second Count, for that he being in the said house, and having stolen the said goodsdid afterward break the said house, to get out of the same.


                  ROGER
                   BUCKMASTER
               



             sworn.
On Sunday morning, the 13th of April, between six and seven o'clock, I was informed I had been robbed, and that the prisoner had been taken and carried to the round-house; about nine o'clock, the meat and cloth was brought me by the watchman; the cloth is a very particular one which I can swear to.
Did you miss any meat? - No.
In what state did you find your house? - The front door was unbolted, and the back door was open, but I believe that had been left open all night.
ANDREW MARTIN sworn.
I am a watchman; on the 13th of April, about a quarter past three in the morning, I saw the prisoner come from Mr. Buckmaster's door.
His back door? - No, the front door.
Did you see him come out at the door? - No, I heard a larch go, and saw him coming from towards the door, with fifty-two pounds of meat tied up in a cloth; he begged for mercy, and said, for God Almighty's sake to let him go!
John Lawrence, another watchman, who was with the last witness, when he stopped the prisoner, confirmed his evidence; and deposed, that he took the property from the prisoner, that they took him to the round-house, and carried the property the next morning to the prosecutor.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along, I saw something lie up against a pair of gates, I picked it up, I do not know what was it to this minute; the watchman came up and took it from me; what they have said, is as false as God is true.
To Martin. Was there any day-light when you saw the prisoner come out of the house? - It was moon-light; it was beginning to be day-light.
Was there day-light enough for you to see the man coming out? - I believe there was.
To Laurence. What do you say to that? - There was, I am certain of it.
To Buckmaster. Do you take so little account of your meat that you might lose fifty pounds of it without missing it? - I might have missed it if I had looked after it; I missed a shoulder of mutton when I came down; I had but one left in the evening, that was gone; it was found upon the prisoner.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a very good character.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods, but not guilty of the burglary
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


