





72. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MATTHEWS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Martin 
                           Butler
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of six in the night, on the 26th of November
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, three pair of cotton stockings, value 9 s. his property
            .


                  MARTIN
                   BUTLER
               



             sworn.
I live in the Minories, No. 22


; on Thursday the 26th of November last, between six and seven at night, as I was sitting in a room at the back of my shop, I saw the arm of a man at the shop door, taking stockings from off a line at the window; I ran out into the street; I saw a man run, and I cried stop thief; I then returned into the house: in a few minutes after word was brought me that there was a man in the watch-house; I went there immediately, and knew those stockings to be mine, the constable shewed them to me, his name is 
               
                  Moses
                   Emanuel
               



            ; I never saw the face of the man.
Was the door shut? - It was.
Was you the last that was out of the door? - I do not know.
How do you know it was shut? - I observed it was shut some little time before.
How long before? - It might be a quarter of an hour.
Had any body been out in that quarter of an hour? - No.

You did not hear the door open? - I did not, it opens with a latch.
Mr. Knowlys. Who rents your house? - Myself.
Are you the only person in the trade? - Yes.
Your business was pretty nearly over at the time? - It was.
How many persons might you employ? - Only a female relation that attends the business, she is in the same room.
Is she here? - No.
Who last served in the shop? - I cannot say perfectly, but I think myself; nor do I recollect the customer that was last in the shop, nor how that customer left the shop.
The latch I take it, putting up would make some little noise to a person attending it? - Most certainly.
Your attention was a good deal directed to the door of the shop? - It always is.
A WITNESS sworn.
I sell butter, I was coming up the Minories the 26th of last month, in the evening between six and seven, I heard stop thief; I saw the prisoner running up the street as hard as he could; I caught him in a dozen yards; I know the prosecutor's shop now, I did not then; he was running from the shop before I caught him; he threw something out of his hand, I did not pick them up, the next witness did; I took him in half a minute, in about ten or fifteen yards; there was nobody near; I was close to the stockings when they were picked up; he was taken into custody, the prosecutor said the property was his.


                  THOMAS
                   HYDE
               



             sworn.
I am a shoemaker, I picked up the property; I did not see the prisoner throw it down, the last witness had hold of the prisoner, and said he had thrown down the property; I carried it to the watch-house, the prosecutor came in, in a few minutes; there were three pair of stockings loose, two pair lay together and the other loose; somebody else took up the other pair; they were cotton stockings with a silk clock.
There were several people in the street? - About nine or ten, he was as far before, as from you to me.


                  JOHN
                   DOUGWAL
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I took the prisoner; Moses Emanuel had the care of the stockings.


                  MOSES
                   EMANUEL
               



             sworn.
Between six and seven I went out on duty; these gentlemen, Mr. Butler and Mr. Hyde came in and gave me charge of the prisoner and the things; I have kept the things ever since.
(Produced and deposed to.)
Prosecutor. I know them no otherwise than by the patterns, and frequently having them in my shop; there is no shop mark, the clocks are silk.
Court to Prosecutor. The lady who usually serves for you in the shop, is in London? - Yes.
GUILTY,




               Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
