





927. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ALLISON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 28th day of September
 last, one double rimmed bridle, with two bits, plated with silver, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Vincent 
                           Newton
                        




                     
                  ; Esq
; privily in the stable of 
                     
                        John
                         Fidler
                     



.


                  HENRY
                   WHEELER
               



             sworn.
I sent 
               
                  Thomas
                   Smith
               



             up to Mr. Calvert's with the horse, the saddle and bridle were in the stable of Mr. Fidler, they were the property of Mr. Newton, it hung in the stable, facing the gate, I saw it in the stable in the afternoon about two o'clock, it was missed about half an hour after, I believe.
How long was it before it was found? - About an hour, it was found at Justice Walker's, I was sent for and saw the bridle there.


                  EDWARD
                   TREDWAY
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner running across Red-lyon-square as fast as he could, with the bridle in his hand; Mr. Hector was with me, and we both ran after him and overtook him in King's-gate-street, Holborn; I asked him where he got that; I saw a crest upon it; he said he had brought it of a man that goes to the Haymarket, and sometimes to Smithfield; I said, can you shew me the man; he hesitated a little, then says I, you must go with me to the roundhouse; he said, you know me, take my word and I will appear at night; I told him I would not: and we went and enquired for the owner, and Mr. Wheeler came up to Mr. Walker's and brought the bridle.
What became of the bridle at the time? - I took it from the prisoner, I gave it to Mr. Hector.


                  JAMES
                   HECTOR
               



             sworn.
I was with the last witness when this happened; I have nothing more to say than what he has said; I overtook the prisoner with the bridle, I have had it in my possession ever since.


                  THOMAS
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner go down the yard and come up again, and never spoke to anybody, it was in the middle of the day, but I cannot rightly tell the hour, as near as I can tell it was between one and two; I did not see the prisoner go into any stable, I did not perceive he had anything in his hand, the bridle was missed soon after; I went up and I happened to hear of this; the prisoner went directly as if he was going to the stable to speak to somebody, I never saw him before, but by his thickness and his cott, and everything he is the same man; there were fourteen or fifteen saddles in that stable, nobody was in the stable.
Court to Wheeler. What day was this? - Wednesday.
You went up to Mr. Walker's - Yes.
You did not see anything of this man before? - No.
Where was you when this bridle was lost? - Gone up to Mr. Lechmere's with his horse and chaise, there was nobody in the stable, I live over the stable myself.
(The bridle deposed to having the crest.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I was coming up Hog-lane, Shoreditch, I met a young man who dealt in bridles, and I bought this of him, his name is 
               
                  Jack
                   Williams
               



            : my witnesses are gone home.




               GUILTY, To the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
