





391. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PRIOR
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of May
 last, one cloth coat, value 16 s. one velveret waistcoat, value 5 s. one pair of black velveret breeches, value 16 s. one pair of thread stockings, value 1 s. 6 d. one neck-cloth, value 6 d. and one pair of stone knee-buckles, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Youngman
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   BIGGERSTAFF
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to my house on the 21st of May, in the evening, with a person that I know, to look for a lodging; he had one in my house, he staid in my taproom about five or six minutes, and went up to bed, and I saw no more of him; I believe he stole the clothes out of the room; Youngman lodged in that room, he was out that night, and I told him to lay in his bed; the watchman told me, he saw a man in brown clothes, come out of my house, at three in the morning, and he left the door open, and that he shut it himself; I am positive this is the man that came and lodged that night at my house; he was taken the Tuesday after.


                  WILLIAM
                   HUTCHESON
               



             sworn.
I live servant with Mr. Biggerstaff, I lighted the prisoner up to bed, I saw no more of him; that was Youngman's room; I know there was a box containing Young-man's clothes, I saw it open the next day, but whether it was locked before I cannot say; there were a few things in it, but nothing of consequence, the prisoner's old things were in the box.


                  JOHN
                   YOUNGMAN
               



             sworn.
Business called me out that night, I did not sleep in Biggerstaff's house, I left the things mentioned in the indictment; the box was locked, I came home on Thursday evening, I directly missed the things; I was advised to go to the fitting Alderman, and I met the prisoner there, detained for breaking a coach window; I found the things on the prisoner at Guildhall, the Alderman desired them to be taken off, and I sent for his old clothes, and had them put on.
(The things deposed to).
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I came from Portsmouth, on Thursday the 23d of May, and I was going to Queen-street, and I bought the coat, waistcoat, and breeches at a clothes shop, and I wore them through London for three or four days, and one night coming up the Strand, I was taken, and I was examined the next day, and this gentleman said, the property that was on my back belonged to him; I told the Lord Mayor where I bought them, I never was in Biggerstaff's house in my life; I was not in London, I was in his Majesty's service almost a dozen years since, and then I was pressed, I was going to Ireland.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
