





525. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of March
 last, six live hens, price 6 s. one live cock, value 2 s. five live ducks, value 4 s. and four eggs, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mayor
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   MAYOR
               



             sworn.
I keep the Bear and Castle Inn
, in Oxford-street


; on the 28th of March last, between five and six, I went up to the hay-loft, which was usually locked up, and I found all the poultry, except one, and all the eggs were gone from the nest; I had not then found the fowls, but turning round, I found six hens and one cock in a bag, they were all dead and warm but one; in the stable, the corner of the hen house, I found the prisoner under the manger; I immediately examined the remainder of the stables, the ducks were not then found; I pursued the prisoner and took him, he refused being searched, but on searching him, we found four eggs upon him, he said they were taken out of the nest.
Was there any promise made him? - No, none at all.
- WHITE sworn.
I was present when this man was found; I came home between five and six, I went and looked in the stable next to the hen house, and I found the prisoner under the manger, I saw the bag of fowls found behind the door.



                  CHARLES
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner and searched him, and found the eggs upon him, four of them were whole and one was broke; he said a man gave him the eggs, and that he took the ducks away.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A man gave me the eggs to boil, a sailor; I have no friends at all, I came out of Warwickshire.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Court. What are you? - I was bred up in a farmer's yard in Warwickshire, my father and mother are dead, and I have no friends, therefore I came to town; I am twenty-five.
Tried by the second London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
