





303. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     M'DANIEL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of March
 last, one silver watch, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     George
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   GEORGE
               



             sworn.
I am wife to 
               
                  Thomas
                   George
               



            , I live at No. 3, New Belton-street, St. Giles's


; I saw the prisoner come up to our room with a pot of beer, he lived at a publick house, and I missed my husband's watch, I asked the boy if it was paid for, my husband said to me, Nanny come and put your hand into my pocket, there is halfpence enough; I gave the prisoner sixpence, and missed the watch; I alarmed my husband, and he pursued the prisoner, and he was taken afterwards with the watch upon him.


                  JAMES
                   MATHEWS
               



             sworn.
On the 31st of March, about a quarter after eight, the prosecutor told me he had lost his watch, and asked me to go round to the pawnbrokers, I went to several and did not find it, and as we were coming along, I said, let us call at the Black Dog, in St. Giles's, and I saw the prisoner with three girls of the town, and as he came along he pulled up the flap of his waistcoat, and was looking at the seal, I asked him how the watch went he had taken, he said, he had no watch, I pulled it out of his pocket; then he said, he only took it to look at.
(The watch produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going up stairs with a pot of beer, and coming down again I picked the watch up on the stairs, and I went to get change for sixpence, and that gentleman laid hold on me.
Court to Matthews. How far was it off where you saw the prisoner? - About one hundred yards.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice NARES.
