





480. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HYAM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of April
 last, eighteen linen bed sheets, value 4 l. one damask napkin, value 2 s. a piece of harrateen bed curtain, value 6 d. two silver salts, value 20 s. two silver spoons, value 20 s. a pair of silver sugar tongs, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Horn
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   WAINWRIGHT
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of April last, about three in the afternoon I was in Thames-street, I saw the prisoner just by the watch-house door; he had this bundle on his shoulder, I had a strong suspicion of him, and I stopped him; I asked him what he had got, he made a very civil answer; I took him into the watch-house, and asked him where he got that from, he said he had it from Black Friar's-road, and he was taking it to Old-street to be washed; he said it was his mother's, I said it was clean linen, it was odd it should go to be washed; I asked him how he came there, he said he crossed the water, I asked him where he landed, he said he could not tell; I said it was very strange; he said it was nothing to me which way he came by it; says he, I met a man on London-Bridge and he gave me a shilling to take it to Blackfriar's; I found that he had eighteen sheets, a napkin, a red cloak, and a piece of a curtain: I searched him, and found withinside his breeches, a pair of silver salts, two silver spoons, and a pair of sugar tongs.


                  MARY
                   HARGRAVE
               



             sworn.
I was in the house when the robbery was done at Bank-side; I had seen the things at twelve that day, it was the day the King went to St. Paul's; I was left to keep the house as a servant; the plate was in the parlour, the sheets were up two pair of stairs, in a back room in a chest; I missed them about four in the afternoon.
Court. Where had you been all that time? - I had been in the kitchen; I suppose he got up the wall and got in at the back parlour window; I did not hear anything.
Court. Do you know the things? - Yes, I know the plate by the marks, and by the figures on them.


                  JAMES
                   TITMAS
               



             sworn.
Court. Do you know the spoons and salts? - Yes, I know them by the marks they have got in them, it is my master's name; I am footman to Mr. Horne.
How long had you seen the plate beforeit was lost? - About two minutes, I am sure they are my master's property.


                  ELIZABETH
                   GOOD
               



             sworn.
I know the sheets, I marked them; they are marked T. H. M. I am sure these are belonging to Mr. Horne.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
