





780. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DEADROSS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing day of July last, fifty-four linen shirts, value 10 l. one pair of silk gloves, value 2 s. two pair of sattin breeches, value 20 s. one pair of sattinet breeches, value 10 s. one pair of corderoy breeches, value 4 s. two pair of nankeen breeches, value 10 s. three waistcoats, value 30 s. thirty six pair of silk stockings, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Minster
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   MINSTER
               



             sworn.
I am at present out of employ, I could not get a place on account of this prosecution; I lost two places before, that I might have engaged with, one was with a gentleman going down to the North of Scotland: I was in service with one gentleman twelve years, the late Mr. Oswald; the 7th of July 
last, on Thursday morning, about three, I found my chest broke open, which stood in Tyson-street, Bethnal Green


, at my cousins, 
               
                  John
                   Shanks
               



            , I sent the chest up to him, I omitted to inform him that they were things of consequence, and he put them in a stable under where I slept; I was not alarmed much in the night, I heard once a little knock, and about three in the morning Mrs. Shank went down stairs, and found the chest taken out, and broke open, we went out directly, and the things were lost.
Whereabouts did this chest stand? - It stood in a stable, upon finding it broke, I immediately went to Justice Wilmot's, and gave out hand bills, I did not see any of my property till the Tuesday following, which was the 12th, then I found a shirt, a stock, and sattinett breeches, some from the officers of justice, and some from the pawnbroker's; I know nothing of the prisoner, only that he said the things were his property, he was taken up the next day.


                  EDWARD
                   FRANCIS
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, I live in Shoreditch, one of the witnesses, 
               
                  Hannah
                   Wilkins
               



            , brought a shirt, a stock, and cambrick handkerchief to me the day following the robbery, the 8th of July, I asked her whose property it was; she told me it belonged to another woman that was at the door; I immediately called that woman in, and stopped them both, and sent for Mr. Armstrong, the officer; the shirt had a mark picked out of it, and I knew it was a shirt that could not belong to them.
Court. You did extremely well, I wish all pawnbrokers would do as well.
(The shirt, stock and handkerchief deposed to.)


                  THOMAS
                   STAFFORD
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, a woman left these breeches at our house, she is a customer to our house at times, her name is 
               
                  Sarah
                   Pearson
               



            , she said they were her husband's, I lent her 5 s. upon them, and gave her a duplicate; those breeches were pledged before the hand-bills were sent out, in fact, we never received any hand-bill at all, but there was no mark to the breeches.
Prosecutor. I know these breeches by the make, they were made in Scotland, and I know them by the stuff, and by the lining and pockets, there was not enough, and they were made up with another sort; I had a coat made at the taylor's, and he wanted some tape, which I went to town to fetch, and I have a bit here exactly the same.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTONG
               



             sworn.
On the 8th of July Mr. Francis sent for me, I went to the woman's lodgings, and found this stock; I took her to the Justice; the prisoner lives with the daughter, and she confessed them before the magistrate; says the prisoner they are mine, and you may search the room, you will not find a suskey.
(The stock deposed to, having a mark in it.)
Prosecutor. These gloves I know, and this is the ribbon I used to tie round Mr. Oswald's night cap.


                  JAMES
                   SHAKESHAFT
               



             sworn.
I went with Armstrong, I took this coat and the waistcoat, which I believe I have seen the prisoner wear; he was dressing himself.
Prisoner. The room was not mine, and there was a waistcoat hanging up in the room.


                  SARAH
                   PEARSON
               



             sworn.
I pawned these breeches with Mr. Stafford.
For whom? - For the prisoner.
Did he give them you to pawn? - Yes.
Did he say whose they were? - His own.
How came he to employ you? - I cannot say.
How long have you known him? - Above twelve months, I never knew any harm of him.
Have you often pawned things for him before? - Never.
Are they the same breeches? - The pawnbroker knows best.
Prisoner. I never gave her any breeches at all, she knows it very well.


                  HANNAH
                   WILKINS
               



             sworn.
I called accidentally at Mrs. Pearson's room, and she asked me to pawn them; I took it into Mr. Francis's, and he stopped me at Mrs. Pearson's desire.
Does the prisoner live at Mrs. Pearson's? - No.
When did she desire you to take them? - I do not know the day.
Pearson. I was taken very ill af ter I had been with these here; the next morning I was very ill, and this young woman came up, and took them to Mr. Francis's; I should know them.
Did you give them to her to carry? - Yes.
Who did you receive them from? - From the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   SHANK
               



             sworn.
This property was left under my care, and we found the back yard open at three o'clock, and the chest broke open in the yard, it was safely locked up before.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never saw Mrs. Pearson for six weeks before I saw her at the Justice's; she said she was flurried when the runners took her up, but it was her husband that gave her the things; Armstrong and Shakeshaft came up into my room; no, it is not my room; and there hung up an old waistcoat, and they took out a stock out of their pocket, and put it into the old waistcoat, or else they said they should get no pull upon me.
Shakeshaft. Upon my oath I never had any stock in my possession.
Armstrong. It is not truth, the prisoner lodged with the daughter of this Pearson as a wife, and I know the prosecutor heard him before the Justice acknowledge that this was his property.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported to Africa
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
