





298. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GARMENT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of January
, a live pig, value 12 s. and two live fowls, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Chapman
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   CHAPMAN
               



             sworn.
On the 28th of February we had lost eight hens, two cocks, and a pig; they were taken the 27th at night; the next morning the prisoner was taken up at Shepherd's Bush, which is about four or five miles from where I live; I live at Greenford.


                  WILLIAM
                   BANBURY
               



             sworn.
On the 28th of February in the morning, about a quarter after six, I stopt the prisoner, he had got a pig, a cock, and four hens; he had the cock and the pig in a sack, the others were in his pockets, they were dead and appeared fresh killed, they were warm; he said he had been to his brother's, and he gave them to him.


                  JOHN
                   MERRYFIELD
               



             sworn.
I officiate as a constable; Banbury brought the prisoner and the things to me; I searched him, and took four fowls out of his pocket, which were warm, and the pig appeared fresh stuck; he told me his brother had given them to him; it was on Saturday he was taken, and on Monday morning Mr. Chapman saw the property, and swore to the pig and two of the fowls.
Chapman. I am sure to two of the fowls and the pig.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to Brentford to look for work, and I saw two men sitting by the road side, and I called out to them, and one of them took up a bag, and they went off, and left another bag behind them, which I picked up, and I was bringing it home when the man took me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
