





318. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Bennet
                     




                  , between the hours of one and three in the afternoon of the 7th of April
, and burglariously stealing therein, two linen gowns, value 12 s. one black stuff gown, value 5 s. one black bonnet, value 2 s. a pair of black slippers, value 2 s. two frocks, value 3 s. two linen shirts, value 6 s. two linen shifts, value 4 s. and a pair of black velvet breeches, value 5 s. and two pair of stockings, value 2 s.
             the property of the said James Bennet.


                  JAMES
                   BENNETT
               



             sworn.
I can only prove the property.


                  MARY
                   BENNETT
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  James
                   Bennett
               



            : I went out to work on the 6th of April, between ten and eleven in the morning, I was going for the whole week to my brother-in-law's, till he got a servant; my husband was there too; there are other people live in the house; when I went out I left the lodger in the one pair of stairs at home, it is the house of 
               
                  Richard
                   Long
               



            , he does not live there himself, it is let out in tenements; I have a two pair of stairs room, I left nobody in my apartment, I locked the door and took the key with me, I left the casement open, there is no street-door to the house, there is no garret over the two pair of stairs, they could not have got in from the roof of the house; there are two side sashes to the casement, and the middle one opens; a person came to me on the Wednesday morning, and told me my place had been broke open; I went home directly, I found the door open, and the staple and padlock, which was on the outside of the door taken away; my box was broke open, and the things mentioned in the indictment were taken away; part of the property is in Court; I know the prisoner by seeing her go up and down to a woman in the two pair of stairs on the same floor, and the same house; she was taken up on Thursday morning; part of the things were found in Field-lane, at the house of a Mr. Welchman; I know no more but proving the property.


                  ELIZABETH
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I live in Rose-court, Turnmill-street; on the 7th of April I saw the prisonercome out of the house with a large bundle of things in her apron, it was between one and two on a Tuesday; I knew the prisoner before, I had seen her come up and down the court several times, she spoke to me when she had the things; she asked me how me and my child were, and she went out of the court; I am positive as to her person.


                  JOHN
                   WELCHMAN
               



             sworn.
I live in Field-lane, I bought these things I have here of that Jew on Tuesday the 7th of April, in the afternoon about four o'clock; I have often bought things of him before.
Court. Did you ask him any questions? - No.
How came you not? - I have often bought things of him before.
Court. Do you make a practice of buying things of any body, without asking them how they came by them? - I have known him a good while before.


                  JOSEPH
                   EWIN
               



             (a Jew) sworn.
On the 7th of April I sold Welchman two shifts, two shirts, and some stockings, I bought them of the prisoner on a Wednesday about two o'clock, and I sold them at four the same afternoon; I bought them in an open public street, leading to Saffron-hill; she was a stranger to me, I am sure the prisoner is the woman.


                  ELIZABETH
                   TROTTER
               



             sworn.
I have some things I bought of the woman, and some of the Jew; I live on Saffron-hill, I saw the Jew buy some things of the woman, but I will not swear to the prisoner; I saw her, I bought a gown and a pair of shoes of her, because the Jew had no more money; I lent the Jew some money to pay the woman; I cannot swear to the woman, I did not take notice of her much; I knew the Jew before.
Court. Had you ever seen the woman before? - Not to my knowledge.
Court. It is a very bad practice of buying things of those whom you do not know.


                  WILLIAM
                   GOUGH
               



             sworn.
Mrs. Bennett came to me, and desired me to go to Welchman's, as she saw some of her property hanging at the door; I am an officer, the woman was then in custody; Welchman was apprehended by me, and a neighbour of his passed his word for his appearance, and afterwards he informed me that he had found the Jew; I took the Jew into custody, and I asked him if he thought he should know the woman; he went to Justice Pickett's with me, and the woman was brought down there; there were four or five more, and he picked her out directly.
The property deposed to by Mrs. Bennett.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of it, I never was up the stairs in my life.
Court. What may be the value of the things you lost? - Two pounds three shillings.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 39 s. but not of the burglary
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
