





455. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLLINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of May
, two gowns, value 18 s. one shirt, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  WILLIAM
                   HARRIS
               



             sworn.
On the 14th of May, my wife called me into the passage, and told me, there was a man gone into the yard behind the house; I live at No. 26, Union-street, Middlesex hospital


; I immediately run out, and saw the prisoner escaping out of the yard, my wife had him by the arm; it was between eight and nine in the evening; I asked him, what he wanted there? he said, Mr. Jones, a plaisterer; I told him, no such person lodged there; he then wanted Mr. Collins, a plaisterer; I told him, there was no such person there; I then put him before me in the yard, and told him to stop till I sent for a constable, till I knew what he had done with two gowns, and a shirt which were there; he said, he had no clothes, and asked me, what clothes I meant? I said, the clothes on the line; I looked round immediately, and saw the lines both cut at one corner, and the clothes wrapt up in the yard, laying on the ground; I have a piece of the line in my pocket; I tied up the line myself; I sent for a constable and gave charge of the prisoner; my wife took up the things; he was taken to the watch-house; I cannot say I saw these things hanging on the line, they were not wrapt up in any thing, but a part of the line was wrapt up in them; I did not know the prisoner before.


                  HANNAH
                   HARRIS
               



             sworn.
I am wife of the last witness; on the 14th of May, I had been washing these gowns, and I hung them out about a quarter of an hour before the prisoner came into the house, I had hung them in the yard at the back of the house; I heard a little noise in the passage, as if somebody went on slowly; I looked out at the parlourdoor, and the lodger said, there was a strange man in the yard taking my clothes or cutting the lines; I went out, and the prisoner was coming out of the yard with the clothes, and he dropt them down by the door; I did not see him drop them; I laid hold of his arm, and asked him, where he had been? he made no answer, and we sent for a constable, and had him searched; he begged very hard, and said, it was the first offence he had been ever guilty of, and should be the last, if we would pardon him, and let him go; I took up the clothes, the Justice sent them back with my husband, and desired me to dry them, and they have been in our custody ever since. (The things produced and deposed to;) this gown, (taking hold of one) is the property of a person I wash for; this shirt belongs to a lodger in the house; I had pinned it on the line.


                  SARAH
                   BARDOLPH
               



             called.
What age are you? - Thirteen.
Do you know the nature of an oath? - The nature of an oath is, if you see a thing to say that you saw it, and not to say that you did not see it, if you did see it.
Court. Do you know what will happen to you my little woman, if you should say what is not true on your oath? - Yes.
Is not it a very bad thing? - Yes.
Then what will happen to you if you do not speak the truth on your oath? - That you are always condemned, that God never will take you, if you take your oath to any thing that is wrong.


                  SARAH
                   BARDOLPH
               



             sworn.
I lodge at Mr. Harris's; on the 14th of May, I had been out of an errand for my father, between eight and nine as I came in, I saw this same prisoner in the yard; as I came through the passage he was winding the things round his hand, I did not see what it was, they were altogether in a twist, and I went into the passage, and knocked at the parlour door, and Mrs. Harris came out; I went up stairs directly, I saw no more of him; I told Mrs. Harris there was a stranger in the yard.
You only just saw the man? - No, no more than just as I came in at the street door.
You know for certain it is the prisoner? - Yes, Sir, to the best of my knowledge, it was him.
But saw a man however, wrapping something round his hands? - Yes.
Was it dark? - It was between eight and nine, it was pretty dark.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I knocked at this door, a man rushed by me, and the woman came out just after the man; she got by me, and laid hold of me; I told her I wanted one Mr. Jones, a plaisterer, and she immediately run into the yard, and fetched the bundle out; she took me into the parlour, and asked me what I wanted; the little girl said, she saw me in the yard, she never saw me, nor I never saw her.
Court to 
               
                  Sarah
                   Bardolph
               



            . Did you see two men, one at the door, and the other in the yard? - No, there was only one in the yard.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
