





499. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FLETCHER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Dudley 
                           Bagley
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the evening, on the 18th of March
, and feloniously stealing therein two pair of men's leather boots, value 3 s. three pair of shoes, value 2 s. one shoe, value 6 d. a woman's shoe, value 1 d. a knife, value 2 d. a pen-knife, value 2 d. one shoulder-stick, value 1 d. his property
            .


                  DUDLEY
                   BAGLEY
               



             sworn.
I live at Mr. Good's, Edward-street, Portland-chapel


; I have an apartment in his house; on the 16th of March last, between seven and eight in the evening I went out and locked the shop door, I put the key in my pocket, before I came home, my wife came and told me the shop was robbed, I went immediately and found it so, I found some of the shoes on the ground, one shoe in particular with the name with-inside Miss G. Frankland; I returned to my shop about eight, there was a pair of boots, with the name 
               
                  Robert
                   Beckford
               



             Esq; wrote withinside; another pair of boots, with the name lieutenant Lane on the inside; there was two pair of women's leather shoes, and another pair of stuff shoes which had no name.
- COOPER sworn.
I bought this pair of shoes of this prisoner, who is a cobler; he sent to me and told me he had a pair of cheap shoes which he could sell for two shillings and sixpence.
(The shoes deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I bought the shoes and boots, and some old leather, the man asked me half a crown, and I gave him two shillings; and I soled and heeled them shoes, and sold them to that gentleman.




               GUILTY of the Felony only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
