





39. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SPENCE otherwise 
PEARCE




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Silvanus 
                           Hopping
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night, on the 18th of November
 last, and feloniously stealing therein, one tin cannister, value 6 s. five pounds eleven ounces of green tea, value 45 s. one other tin cannister, value 3 s. and eight pounds of bohea tea, value 50 s. his property
            .


                  SILVANUS
                   HOPPING
               



             sworn.
I live in Ratcliffe-highway


; on Tuesday the 18th of November, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, a man came into my shop and asked for a penny-worth of tobacco; I served him; the tobacco is on one side, and the grocery on the other; he leaned over the counter, and when I had served him he gave me a bad half-penny and a good one; a woman came in and wanted some tea; the man stood in the door way and damned me, and said there was not half an ounce of tobacco: I went into my parlour; I fastened one of the shop doors, and the other goes with a spring bolt; when I had been in the parlour about ten minutes I heard a rumbling in the shop, I turned my head and saw a person peeping through the glass door; I went into the shop and the prisoner was in the shop; the door was shut but not quite close, and the prisoner had the canister in his arms before him: As soon as the person that was looking through the door saw me coming into the shop, he gave a whistle, and threw the door open for the man in the shop to run out: upon which he run out a few yards from the door, I pursued him and knocked him down with the cannister in his arms; I said, you rascal, I have got you; he said, yes you have sure enough: I brought him into the shop, he denied knowing any thing of the other cannister, or of this either: I do not know how he got into the shop, the door only opens on the inside, and there was nothing broke; there was a mark between the crack of the door where something had gone in: I am very positive I fastened the door; I went on purpose to fasten it.
Might not you shoot the bolt? - No.


                  JOHN
                   WOODCOCK
               



             sworn.
Deposed to the same effect.


                  SARAH
                   MARSHALL
               



             sworn.
I saw the prosecutor lay hold of the prisoner, with the canister in his arms.


                  GEORGE
                   FORRESTER
               



             sworn.
I took charge of the prisoner: I saw the mark in the door.
(The cannister deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going along, and just as I came facing his house, he collared me and said I robbed him, I never was nigh the shop before, I have no witnesses.




               GUILTY. Of stealing to the amount of 39 s. but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
