





10. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM SIMON 
                     BOWYER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th day of November
 last, one linen tablecloth, value 8 s. one linen napkin, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Nash 
                           Mason
                        



                     
                  , Esq
; and two pair of silk stockings, value 20 s. and three linen handkerchiefs, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Sotherly
                        



                     
                  , Esq
.
            



                  MARY
                   VAUX
               



             sworn.
I live at Mr. Mason's, three pair of stockings were taken away, between the 19th of October and the 2d of November, they were taken from a drawer out of a room belonging to Mr. Mason's house, in Queen's square


; I have seen the stockings since they were stolen, they were Captain Sotherly's stockings; I have seen one pair after they were stolen at the pawnbroker's, and the other pair in possession of the constable.
Do you know anything of the prisoner? - Yes, he is the husband of a cook that lives in the family.
Had he access to the house, have you seen him about the house? - I have.
Had you seen him about that time? - No.
Was you in town or out of town? - In town; I have one pair of stockings here, I do not know that the prisoner of my own knowledge took the stockings. (Looks at them.) I believe them to be Captain Sotherly's, to the best of my knowledge; the table cloth was my master's here is the mark upon it, there are half a dozen of the same, I have it in my possession now, it was left in the housekeeper's room, which is my room; I do not recollect the day upon which it was left, I found this table cloth at the pawnbroker's.


                  ANN
                   HOLMES
               



             sworn.
These stockings are Captain Sotherly's, I marked them myself for the Captain, and put them in a drawer in the housekeeper's room in the evening; and the next morning missed them, on Wednesday morning, the 2d of November; his name is Captain 
               
                  Thomas
                   Sotherly
               



            , Esq;
- BARCLAY sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, servant to Mr. Dobey, in Holborn; this table-cloth was pledged for five shillings, about the 4th of November, by the prisoner, I am certain it was the prisoner, I did not know him before, I never saw him but that time.
How long was he in your shop? - He was there at two different times.
Was he dressed as he is now? - I think he was in the same clothes.
And you mean to speak positively to him? - Yes, that is the man, he said they were his own property, and he told me he lived at No. 1, in Thorney-street, he gave me the name of 
               
                  William
                   Bowyer;
               



             about a week after he brought these silk stockings, and pawned them for four shillings.


                  WILLIAM
                   BLACKETER
               



             sworn.
I took up the prisoner the 2d of November, in Southampton-court, at a public house, I searched him and found the duplicates of the table cloths and stockings, and I found a pair of stockings and three handkerchiefs inside his breeches pocket behind.
(These stockings and handkerchief produced and deposed to by Mrs. Holmes, as the property of Captain Sotherly.)
Mrs. Holmes. One of the handkerchiefs has the Captain's name, Sotherly, at full length upon it, but I did not mark that.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
