





521. 
               
                  SARAH, wife
 of 
                     
                        GEORGE 
                        PHILLIPS
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, two pair of stays, value 2 s. two pair of silk stockings, value 1 s. and one pair of shoes, value 6 d. two waistcoats, value 6 d. two clouts, value 2 d. a pair of robbins, value 6 d. a hat band, value 1 s. a piece of gauze, value 2 d. two pair of gloves, value 2 d. one gauze handkerchief, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Dennis 
                  Granier
               




            .
(The Case opened by Mr. Garrow.)


                  BRIDGET
                   GRANIER
               



             sworn.
My husband's name is 
               
                  Dennis
                   Granier
               



            , he has not lived with me these three years; I carry on business, in selling and buying clothes, I became acquainted with the prisoner about the time the King came to St. Paul's; she was frequently at my house to dinner, breafast, and tea; I had no lodging for her; I lost several things, not in the indictment; I did not suspect the prisoner at that time, but in particular I misseda gold hat band, soon after I became acquainted with her, the prisoner lodged at Mr. Ardley's at the same time, and I asked the prisoner how she came to put my gilt hat band into her hat and wear it without my leave; she denied it, and said she did not; I went to Mr. Ardley's on the Friday night, I had no person with me, to assist me in looking after the things; she threw herself in a great passion, I was afraid of her, and I said no more; she said, she would take me up for charging her with a theft. I believe it was the Monday or the Tuesday following, that I met with a napkin, and two other cloths at Ardley's house; they were folded up as she had left them; and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Burne
               



             brought my bundle, containing two pair of stays, a pair of laced robbins, one shift, a quarter of a yard of brown cloth; they are my property; I am very clear I never sold them; I saw the prisoner that night in Wardour-street, at a grocer's shop, the young man took me to her, I asked her how she came to take my things; she said, I gave them to her.
Was that true? - No Sir, not at all; I am very sure they are all my property.
Prisoner. The prosecutrix gave me the things to mend.
Prosecutrix. I never gave her a stitch to mend out of my own house in my life.


                  THOMAS
                   BURNE
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner, she gave me these things to carry to Mrs. Granier, that was some weeks ago, I carried them to Mrs. Granier.
What did she say to you when she delivered you the bundle to carry? - She told me the gentlewoman's name where I was to carry it to; and desired me not to say who it came from; but if they asked me, to say, it was from a gentleman; I carried the same bundle to Mrs. Granier, and went with Mrs. Granier, to the Grocer's shop door; the prisoner was up stairs; and would not come down when Mrs. Granier came, and the prisoner told Mrs. Granier, that every thing she had had from her, was in the bundle. I am sure of the person.


                  ANN
                   ARDLEY
               



             sworn.
I remember the prosecutrix coming to my house, I delivered her a napkin, and two clouts; I had them from the prisoner, two of them she said she had bought, and one was her own; one of the clouts, she said, she had bought, and the napkin from the prosecutrix, and the other was her own; I saw a very handsome gold laced hat band; she picked it to pieces, and returned it to Mrs. Granier.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
After I left my place, I was taken to the prosecutrix's house, and she asked me to do some needle work for her, which I did several days, she gave me a bed-gown and shift to mend, which I did, and returned it back by the lad, and gave him three pence to carry it; she immediately came down, and took me to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
