





48. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of November
, a stone stock-buckle, set in silver, value 4 s. a pair of stone knee-buckles, set in silver, value 2 s. a pair of stone sleeve-buttons, set in silver, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Michael 
                  Thomas
               




            .


                  MICHAEL
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
I keep the Crown, North-end, Fulham




; I have known the prisoner for two years; he lived in the neighbourhood for some time; he was at our house drinking about eleven in the morning, on the 3d of November; he went up stairs in our garret; I followed him up; he had lodged in our house about a twelve month before I saw him there; he threw himself down on the bed, pretending to go to rest; he did not appear to be drunk, he only drank part of two pots of beer; I left him there; he came down again in about a quarter of an hour, and said he could not rest; he then went out of doors, and I saw no more of him; I did not miss any property till the Sunday following; then I missed the things in the indictment; they were kept in the garret where I slept, in a box; I have not worn them for some time; I saw them the day before; I was examining the box for a book; there were sundry books in the box; then I saw the buttons and buckles; I did not happen to go to that box till the Sunday after; nobody slept there but myself at that time; it was my bedroom; the prisoner did not ask me to go up, but I followed him up; and when he saw me there, he asked me to let him lay down, and I permitted him, because I knew him before; I searched all round for the things, and was informed of them the next day; I went to Hammersmith, and found themat a pawn-broker's, whose servant is here; the prisoner lived about a hundred yards from me at the time of the robbery; he was a lodger.


                  SHIRLEY
                   DAVID BARE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawn-broker's servant; I believe the prisoner to be the man that pledged the buckles and buttons with me, but I cannot positively swear; I do not find myself sufficiently convinced to swear positively.
Have you ever seen him before? - I believe and, I do not recollect ever seeing him before; he did not use our shop.
Why do you believe it? - Had I been desired to have fixed upon the man, I should have fixed upon him, I believe him to have been the person, from his features and from his dress; I saw him no more till I saw him at the office, at Bow-street, which was about a fortnight.
Had you any doubt then? - I thought that was the man, but I was not sufficiently convinced to swear to him positively; I do not know now whether he is the man or no, I cannot swear positively; he came to our shop on Monday, the 3d of November, in the forepart of the day, to the best of my recollection between the hour of twelve and one; he received five shillings for the things he pawned, a stock buckle, a pair of knee buckles, and buttons, in the name of William David, and, said he lived at Fulham Green; they were claimed about a week after.
(Produced and deposed to.)


                  ROBERT
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner coming across the fields where I was at work, he came and shook hands with me; he had something in his hand, I ask him what it was; he said a stock buckle; and he said he had the whole set, and he shewed them to me; a stock buckle, and a pair of knee buckles; and sleeve buttons; this was about twelve; he said he was going to Hammersmith; I asked him out of a joke whether he had stole them, and he said, how came I to think of that; I asked him if he was going to pawn them; he said, no, he had a whole set of them; he said he was going to Hammersmith to plant some trees for his master; he works for gardners; him and me were in the militia together; I never saw him before the day we were in the militia; I was in the foot-path.


                  SAMUEL
                   STONE
               



             sworn.
I took him into custody the 5th of November, at the Rose and Crown, in Park-lane; I did not take him up for this.


                  JOHN
                   JENKS
               



             sworn.
As I was coming out of my master's house, at Hammersmith, with a shop-mate along with me, we were going to dinner, it was between twelve and one, and the prisoner overtook us, and asked us if we wanted to buy such things as a silver stock buckle, a pair of knee buckles, and a pair of sleeve buttons; which I believe to be the things that are here; we asked him what he asked for them, and to the best of my knowledge, I think he said three shillings and sixpence for the knee buckles, and half a crown for the stock buckle, and eighteen pence for the sleeve buttons; we said very little to him; my shop-mate bade him a shilling for the sleeve buttons, and he said no; he would be d - d but he would go and pawn them for five shillings; I never saw him before that I know of.


                  JOHN
                   COWLEY
               



             sworn.
I only know what this young man related to you; I was with the last witness Jenks; I bid him a shilling for the buttons, and he said he would go and pawn them for five shillings; I never saw him before; I cannot ascertain that these are the things, but the prisoner is the man that offered them to us.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was drinking at the prosecutor's house, in the evening of the Sunday; I drank rather too much, and returned there thenext morning; I was rather sleepy, I followed him up stairs and laid down; I got up; I was out of work, and went to seek for work; I had a stock buckle in my hand, a metal buckle, and saw that young man in the field at work; I crossed over to him, knowing him, and asked him how he did, and so on; he asked me where I was going, I said seeking for work.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
