





147. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HAYNES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Cooper
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house, on the 5th of January
, and putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, a silver watch, value 40 s. a steel chain, value 6 d. a base-metal seal, value 6 d. and a watch-key and hook, value 1 d. his property
            .


                  FRANCIS
                   COOPER
               



             sworn.
I keep a public-house
 on Brentford-hill


. On Thursday evening, the 15th of January, about ten o'clock, the prisoner and another man came into my house, and called for a pot of porter; and they staid a quarter of an hour, and drank it; and I desired them to make haste, because it was the time for shutting up. The other man offered me a bad half-crown; I would not take it, and they found halfpence then. They went across the tap-room to go out: the other went out first; Haynes came out afterwards, and caught me with his left-arm, and lifted me up by the waist twice, and I missed my watch directly. I went out after them; I caught hold of Haynes's coat; I thought I felt something that was not right about my watch, and I missed it directly. I caught him about forty-five yards from the door; I took him by the coat, and I told him he had got my watch. Says he, will you say so? Yes, says I. Then he and I had a struggle, and he flung himself off the foot-way into the road; he got from me, and ran towards Brentford-bridge;and he was there headed; and he then ran back, and I followed him, calling out, stop thief! and a man came out of my house, and took him. He was sent to the watch-house. The watch was found afterwards in the snow, where we had the scuffle; we got candles and lanthorns, and searched, and the constable picked it up. It was a silver watch, with a steel chain, a base-metal seal, key, and hook. I am sure the watch that was picked up is mine; I am sure the prisoner is the man. I had the watch, I am sure, in my pocket; I saw it ten minutes before I lost it; I told them what it was o'clock, and told them not to keep me up. I know it by a bit broke out in the face.


                  THOMAS
                   FIELD
               



             sworn.
I am headborough. I picked up the watch, and have had ever since. I was called out of bed to take the prisoner into custody.


                  CHARLES
                   DIXON
               



             sworn.
I am a bricklayer. Me and another man were in the house drinking a pint of beer. These two men came in, and called for a quart. The prosecutor pulled out his watch, and said, gentlemen, I hope you will not stay long; it is ten o'clock. After they had drank their beer, there was confusion about a bad half-crown, and they paid halfpence; they went out afterwards. On hearing the prosecutor cry out, stop thief! I went out; and I saw the prisoner coming up the street, and I laid hold of him. I am sure the prisoner is one of the men that were drinking in the room. I heard the prisoner lifting the prosecutor, but I did not see him; I could tell by his breath that the man was squeezing him. When we had taken him, we went out afterwards with a candle and lanthorn, to search. It was about a quarter of an hour afterwards; and there we found the watch. I am sure the watch is the prosecutor's; I know it by the paper in it, which I cut myself.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On coming out of the house, I shook hands with the landlord; and wished him good night, and he wished me good night, and he shut the door after us. After we had got about a hundred yards, he came out, and took hold of me, and said I had robbed him. I said I had not, and I got myself away from him; then he cried, stop thief; and another person came up, and I went up to them, and they took me. I never saw the watch. I sent for my master, to Brentford, but he could not come.
Prosecutor. I did not shut the door after him, nor shake hands with him.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods, but not violently; or of putting the person in fear
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


