





432. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PEACHY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d day of June
, thirty-three pounds of lead, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter William 
                           Baker
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
 fixed to a certain building, against the statute
            .


                  JOHN
                   ROBSON
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter; on the 3d of June, in the morning, I was informed that some lead had been disturbed; the house where it wastaken from, was in the Circus, near Portman Square


; I went and looked, and there was a large piece of lead cut out and laid across the gutter; I went away and left it till the evening; I went again, and went into the garret and saw the prisoner roling lead across the joists; he did not see me; I went down stairs and went into the bottom of the next building, and saw the prisoner come down with the lead; and at the corner of the street he joined another man, and I followed them, and went along towards Cumberland-street, and I followed him into Oxford-street and took him with the lead on him, and I took them one in one hand and the other in the other; the pieces of lead exactly cover the place; it has been fitted to the place.


                  RICHARD
                   CRIPPS
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner taken, he had two pieces upon him.
(The lead produced.)
Were those two pieces taken from the prisoner? - Yes, my lord.


                  GEORGE
                   BUCK
               



             sworn.
I have seen the house from where the lead was taken; it is the property of 
               
                  Peter
                   William Baker
               



            , Esq.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never was in the house.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
