





535. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of April
 last, fifty nine yards and a half of green silk, called Persian, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Geib
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   GEIB
               



             sworn.
I am a mathematical instrument maker
, I use green silk in my business, in the inside of my instruments, for my Piano fortes.
Do you keep an open shop? - No, I work for Mr. Longman and Co. Cheapside


.
Then you do not sell green silk? - No, Sir.
Then you never sell green silk in your shop, or any thing of that sort? - I sell none at all.
How did you lose it? - I do not know, it was stole away privately from me, on the 29th of April, I had fifty-nine yards and a half.


                  JOHN
                   COOPER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, on the 28th of April the prisoner brought this piece of green Persian to my shop, and wanted to pledge it, I think it was between seven and eight, he wanted seven shillings upon it, I did not know him; I am sure the prisoner is the man, I stopped him, and took him to the office in Bow-street, and it was a late hour to send him to prison, and the next morning he was had up for further examination; before I went to the office in Bow-street, I made enquiry of several silk mercers, and asked them if they knew the number on the roll, at last I learned that the prisoner had worked for Mr. Flight, organ-builder, and there I heard he worked for Mr. Geib, and he told me one Johnson worked at his other shop, he told me he had not lost any silk; he said, I will shew you our's and on looking round he could not find his silk.
(The silk deposed to.)
Prosecutor. I know it by the mark on the roll, and by a piece of the same fort I have in the house; the prisoner had worked for me three days.


                  CHARLES
                   DRAKE
               



             sworn.
We serve Longman and Broadrip with this silk that the prosecutor owns, it is the last piece we sold them, it was No. 29,999, this is a piece on the same stick that we served Longman and Broadrip with; I have every reason to suppose it to be the same silk, but I cannot say.
Court to Geib. Did you receive that silk from Longman and Broadrip? - Yes.
Do they furnish you with materials for making instruments? - Yes.
Then you are paid only for the workmanship? - Yes.
They sent in this piece of silk? - Yes.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I lived in his shop in Holborn, and coming up Fleet Market, I picked up this silk, and took it to the pawnbroker's, and to another man, and borrowed seven shillings upon it.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice WILLES.
