






484. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HETHERINGTON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLIS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of April
 last, a piece of printed linen for handkerchiefs, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Wake
                  




               
            .


                  MATTHEW
                   WAKE
               



             sworn.
I am a linen-draper
, at Smithfield-bars


; on the 30th of April, I lost a piece of printed handkerchiefs; they generally run a dozen; I can swear to half a dozen; they were a small pattern, red and white; Hetherington came into my shop by himself; I threw down some pieces to him to take his choice; I saw him take a piece of handkerchiefs off the counter, and throw behind his coat, a great coat; he ran out of the shop; I saw the other prisoner and spoony Jack, waiting his coming out; I believe they ran away as soon as I could get out of the shop, he gave the handkerchiefs to those that were standing at the door; then they ran away; they ran into Chick-lane; I pursued them and brought Hetherington back; I could not tell what was missing, except the piece of handkerchiefs; I certainly made promises that I wish now to support; that is, of saving Hetherington if I could in consequence of which I discovered the other; I heard from himself, that he was an officer in the army until the peace.


                  JOSEPH
                   KNIGHT
               



             sworn.
On Monday the 30th of April, at eight in the evening, I was going by Mr. Wake's door; I saw three men standing opposite; I saw Hetherington come out with something under his coat, which he gave to one of the others; I cannot swear to the others, they had great coats on, with flapped hats; we pursued them; and Hetherington stood with his face towards the door; Mr. Wake took him; he said, he was very sorry for what he had done; he was drawn into this scrape by some bad women; he was in liquor.
PRISONER HETHERINGTON'S DEFENCE.
I went into this shop; I looked at some handkerchiefs; I saw a person going by; I said, I would return again; they pursued me; I was in liquor; Mr. Merrick, in Parliament-street, has been my agent ever since the year 1781; I know nothing of this man; he certainly is innocent; I am a stranger in town; I had not been many days from Leicester; my inn is at the Swan with two necks, in Lad-lane.

PRISONER WILLIS'S DEFENCE.
I was coming by; I might stop and look at the shop; I am innocent.
The Prisoner Hetherington was 


               recommended by the prosecutor
            .
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London jury before Mr. ROSE.
