





354. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     PIPER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wake
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eleven in the night, on the 13th day of March
, and burglariously stealing therein eight copper saucepans, value 30 s. one large copper, value 10 s. eighty pounds weight of pickled pork, value 30 s. and one large copper pot, value 1 s. his property
            .


                  JOHN
                   WAKE
               



             sworn.
I live at Bromley St. Leonard, in Middlesex


; on the 13th of March last I went to bed at ten, as I usually do; I was not the last up; in the morning I got up about five, or a little after; I did not look at the kitchen; I told the maid to come down; she was the first that informed me; says she, O Lord, here is my cotton gown gone, and all the kitchen furniture; on the outside kitchen door there was a glass, andbolts; they had broke the glass, and unbolted the bolts.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. Does your maid fit up later than you? - No, I never suffer that.
Was you as sober that night, as you are now? - I do believe I was.


                  ELIZABETH
                   MILLER
               



             sworn.
I live at Mr. Wake's; I am the maidservant.
Who was last up in the family, on the 13th of March, the night the house was broke open? - My master and me.
What time did you go to bed? - About a quarter past ten.
Were all the doors and windows fast? - When I went down in the morning, the under bolt was undone, and the top bolt bolted, and the glass broke; I imagine they put their hand through the glass, and bolted it after they came out; they could reach to that bolt.
Was there no other door but that glass door? - No.
What did you miss? - A copper, and eight copper saucepans, a small tin one, ten stone of pork, a stew-pan, five dishes, a cistern, a crook, a boiling-pot, and some small articles beside; I missed the kitchen furniture, and on Monday Mr. 
               
                  Edward
                   Mee
               



             found the man in the fields.


                  EDWARD
                   MEE
               



             sworn.
I am a pot-ash manufacturer; on the 15th of March I was at my manufactory and mustard-mills on Bow Common; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Rood
               



            , in a field across the common, beckoned to me; seeing him discoursing with a man with a bag on his shoulders, I run towards him; when I came within twenty yards of him, I heard the man make use of the expressions, the first that comes near me, I will stab them; after he repeated these words, I went towards him, and he threw down the bag; they were coppers, and things that rattled; he ran away, and I ran after him, about a mile and a half; I was quite knocked up, and crossing the road I called to some others to stop him; I came up and took him; they could not assist me; I took him myself about a mile back; when we got to the middle of the common, he asked me to let him go; I told him no; I was looking behind, to beckon some of my men to my assistance; he said, b - st your eyes, let me go, and he gave me a knock on the side, and I returned it; and he being too powerful, I fell down, and brought him down with me; I laid hold of his trowsers with my hands; he then said, d - n your eyes, I will murder you, and he got up; he run away; I followed, and he said, if you come a yard forward, I will cut your throat; he pulled a knife out of his pocket; I believe it was sharp, I did not see the blade of it; some people were coming; he ran near a mile and a half, or two miles; I got assistance; and followed him to Old Ford, and crossing one field, just at once I lost sight of him; I said to the persons that were pursuing him with me, as there was a mob, I am sure he is not far off, for I have but this moment lost sight of him; with that we searched the hedges, and found him hid in the hedge; I then told the people that were round me, that if they would assist me to the watch-house I would give them half-a-crown, if they would assist me to bring him back; Mr. Rood stood with the property, which he threw off his shoulders; I spoke to the constable of Bromley; I said it was necessary to have a watch over the watch-house; and in the morning I found him removed to Bow watch-house.
Do you know what this bag contained? - When I came back to Thomas Rood, they shewed me these things; they were pewter dishes, copper saucepans, a stew-pan, and ten earthen plates.
Mr. Garrow. So there was a time in this contest when you was undermost, and this man's foot upon you? - Yes.
You found afterwards he had a knife? - Yes.
He did not use his knife? - No, there was not time.



                  THOMAS
                   ROOD
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner in the morning of the 15th of March, picking greens in the field, Green Cole, at the bottom of Bow Common; it was about a quarter after eleven; a field belonging to Mr. Mann; I asked him what he was doing there; he said he was picking a few greens; I said, you shall not take them out of the field, and he said he would; have you ploughed the land, or sowed the greens? then I looked round, and saw Mr. Mee at a little distance, and I beckoned him to come and assist me; I said something to him; says he, I will stab you; he had a sack with him, on his left shoulder, and when he saw Mr. Mee coming to me, he threw it down, and said I might take it and be d - d, and he ran away.
Had you asked him any thing about the sack before? - No.
What was in the sack? - Five pewter dishes, seven large plates, and three small ones; there were three copper saucepans, a tin one, a stew-pan, a copper pot, and a quantity of kitchen furniture; Mee pursued him; I stood by the things; I took the things to the very first house I met with, that was a public house at Mount Pleasant; I left them with the landlord, his name is Horn, on the same day that I took them; he dropped them from his back.
What day was this? - On the 16th of March, to the best of my remembrance.
What day of the week was it? - On the Thursday; the next morning, I took them to the rotation office; they opened them before the justice, and they were tied up and sealed; I left them at the office; the prisoner was there; he was examined before the justice; he said he lodged somewhere down at the ruins at Limehouse.
Was his examination taken down in writing? - I believe it was.
Mr. Garrow. What business are you? - I am a bricklayer's labourer.
Was you at work in that part? - Yes.
What had you to do in this field? - A gentleman gave me so much a week to look over that field.
Then you was not at work as a bricklayer's labourer? - Then I was watching the field for a draught of beer.
And the dispute between you and this man was, whether he should cut three greens or no? - That was all.
How long was he in the field cutting them, from your first observing him? - About five minutes.
You was some time disputing too? - Yes.
This man absolutely insisted he would cut the greens? - Yes.
Had he his knife out cutting them? - Yes.
If he would have given up his purpose in cutting greens, he might have gone off? - Certainly.
Did not he tell the Magistrate that he came into the field to cut a few roots, and that in this field he found this sack? - I heard him say nothing about the sack.
Are you sober now? - Yes, I am.
Did you hear what this man said before the Justice? - I cannot mind what he said; he said nothing where he lodged.
Are you a bricklayer's labourer now? - No, I be not.
Are you out of work now? - No.
Are you sure this was on the 16th? - Yes, pretty sure of that.
Are you sure it was on the Thursday? - Yes, I think it was the Thursday, and I think it was the 16th.


                  JOHN
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
These things were left in my custody; they are here; Rood brought them to the office.
(The things produced, and deposed to by the servant.)
Court to Prosecutor. How far is your house from Bow Common? - Pretty near half a mile.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
They were hid in the field; they were perfectly covered over with the greens; Iwas going through the path-way, and saw them some distance from the path-way, and two men came up.
Court to Miller. Was it day-light when you came down in the morning? - It was between five and six; it had been daylight some time before.
You had heard no alarm before that? - No.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY Of stealing 39 s. but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
