






366. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BATEMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of April

, a silver watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Palmer
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Elizabeth
                         Sully
                     



; and


                     ELIZABETH 
                     SULLY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  JAMES
                   PALMER
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Simons, biscuit-baker, at Limehouse; on Saturday, the 19th of April, about six in the evening, I went to the Minories; I went into a public house to drink with a gentleman's servant, and got in liquor.
What time did you leave that house? - I cannot tell; I got down to Wellclose-square a little before nine; at the corner of Wellclose-square I met with Bateman and 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Durant
               



            , I went into a house with them, and had some ale; then they had me home to their lodging; I had a bundle of cloaths and my watch, and sixteen or seventeen shillings when I went into their lodging, and a great coat upon my back; I staid there about two hours, and then I went out; but how I went out I don't know; I was so much in liquor; about an hour after I got out, I missed my watch; but whether my other things were taken away after I came out, or not, I cannot say; nor my watch, neither, myself.
Was your watch ever found again? - Yes, in 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Sully
               



            's house, on the 20th of April, the Sunday morning; I did not see it found.
Was that the house you had been at the night before? - Yes.


                  JOSHUA
                   GREY
               



             sworn.
I am constable of the night; I was sent for on Sunday morning to the house of the prisoner Sully; when I went in, Sullywas sitting in a chair; I told her, I understood there was a girl in her house who had robbed this man of his watch; she said, she knew nothing about it; I described 
               
                  Mary
                   Bateman
               



             to her, as she had been described to me by Palmer, and insisted upon seeing her; she was up stairs; Sully called her down, and I charged her with stealing the watch; she denied knowing any thing of it; in consequence of their denying it, 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Durand
               



             was sent for, and from what she told me, I said I could not discharge them without enquiring into it; and I took them to the watch-house.
Was what she told you in the presence of the prisoners? - It was in their hearing, but I cannot swear whether they did hear it or not; I told them before I locked them up, it would be better for them to tell where the watch was; they both insisted upon it, that they did not know any thing of it; I sent for Durand, and she still persisted in her former information; I told them then, I must lock them up; Sully whispered to Bateman, and then Bateman got up.
Did you ever find the watch? - Yes, in the bed of the prisoner Sully; Bateman went with me, and let down the bed, and took out the watch from amongst the feathers; Palmer described the watch before I found it.
The watch was produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.


                  ELIZABETH
                   DURAND
               



             sworn.
I and Bateman took the prosecutor home to our house, we lodge at Mrs. Sully's; I took him up stairs; we were there about ten minutes.
He was in liquor, was not he? - Yes, but not a great deal; we came down again, and then Mary Bateman and he went up; he had his watch in his pocket at that time, I saw the chain hang out.
How long did Bateman and he stay up? - About ten minutes; I followed her, I set open the door a little way, and saw her take the watch out of his pocket; then Sully came up stairs, and 
               
                  Mary
                   Bateman
               



             took the watch on one side of him, and gave it to Sully.
Was he asleep? - No; he was then very much in liquor.
How soon did Sully come up? - Almost directly; I went into the room with her.
Bateman gave her the watch? - Yes.
What did she say to her? - Nothing at all; I heard no words at all between them.
What did Sully do with it? - When Bateman gave it her, she kept it in her hand.
What did she do with the watch afterwards? - I don't know.
Do you know where the watch was found afterwards? - No.
BATEMAN's DEFENCE.
I went up stairs to make the bed, and found the watch upon the bed; I laid it upon the table; I went to get some liquor, when I came back the watch was gone; I did not know but the gentleman had it.
SULLY's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of it; I did not know that the man had a watch at all.
To Palmer. What is the value of your watch? - Three guineas.
Are you any judge of the value of a watch? - No.
BATEMAN, 


               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            

SULLY, 

               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.





[Transportation. See summary.]


