





632. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     GIBBONS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of June
, one pound weight, and one quarter of a pound weight of Hyson tea, value 6 s.
             the property of the 
               
East India Company




            .


                  WILLIAM
                   COWARD
               



             sworn.
On the morning of the 15th of June, I examined a chest of Hyson tea, which had been suspected to have been plundered; I desired one 
               
                  Thomas
                   Joyce
               



             in the warehouse to take particular notice of it, and to watch the chest that was in the company's warehouse; I know nothing further; the prisoner was a labourer in the warehouse.


                  THOMAS
                   JOYCE
               



             sworn.
Mr. Coward called me to look at the chest; it had been broke by accident at top, and at the top there was a slit cut with a knife, and a hole in it as if a hand had been in it; I placed myself in a situation to watch, and the prisoner and another man came in, in about ten minutes the other man took the chest in a dark corner out of my sight; the prisoner stood behind, and pulled out his knife, and was sharpening it; the other man continued in the same corner with the chest; I could hear it rustle, butI did not see it; in about two minutes he came out, and the prisoner came into the same corner; about two minutes he came out, and the other came back again, and fetched the chest out; they went out at separate doors; I gave information to Mr. Coward.
Mr. Garrow. Did the other man use to deal in tea? - I have heard he was a licensed dealer in tea.


                  MATTHEW
                   RAW
               



             sworn.
I found a pound and a quarter of hyson tea upon the prisoner.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
