







417. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HARDIMAN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  RACHEL 
                  HODDY
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of June
, a cloth coat, value 10. a velvet waistcoat, value 5 s. a pair of leather breeches, value 6 s. a man's hat, value 4 s. a pair of leather shoes, value 12 d. a pair of plated shoe buckles, value 4 s. a base metal knee-buckle, value 2 d. a base metal tobacco box, value 2 d. and 3 s. in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  Nimrod 
                  Blampin
               




            .
NIMROD BLAMPIN sworn.
On the 7th of June, about eleven o'clock at night, I met the prisoner Hoddy in St. James's Park.
What was you doing there? - I was going home, I had been into Oxford Road.
Where do you lodge? - In Gravel Lane.
So you took St. James's Park in your way? - Yes.
You were very drunk I suppose? - I was not sober, nor I was not very drunk, I went home with Hoddy.
Did you know her before? - No; I gave her money to get salmon and beer for supper, and then we went to bed.
Did you undress yourself? - Yes, I put my breeches under my head, and the rest of my clothes on the bed, and my shoes and buckles and hat under the bed, I waked about seven o'clock in the morning, and found all my clothes gone, and I was locked into the room; I could not tell what to do, I would have jumped out of window, but I could not get down; I found a poker in the room, with which I broke open the door, and a soldier that lodged in the under room lent me some clothes to go home in; he and I went about to try to find my clothes but could not find them; as I was going home I was told that the woman was taken, I went back and found the prisoner Hardiman in custody; she owned where Hoddy was, and then Hoddy was brought to the office.
You only saw Hoddy the night before? - No, I went with Hoddy to a woman's where she had sold my shoes and hat; the Justice gave her the shoes and hat till the trial came on, and she has since run away, I found all the other things and they were produced before the Justice the next day.
Was you sober enough to know Hoddy again, think you? - Yes.
Are you sure of that? - Yes.


                  Thomas
                   Hyndes
               



            , a pawnbroker, produced a pair of buckles; and deposed that he took them in pledge of the prisoner Hoddy.


                  James
                   Kember
               



            , a pawnbroker, produced a coat, waistcoat and breeches, and deposed that he took them in of the prisoner Hardiman.


                  JAMES
                   PAGAN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I had information of this robbery, and apprehended the prisoners in two public houses; I found upon Hardiman a tobacco box, two duplicates, the key of the room in which the man was locked, and a half crown, and five pence in half-pence, I found seven shillings and a penny half-penny upon Hoddy, which I gave to the landlord of the house for things that were broke, and rent that was owing.
(The things were all deposed to by the prosecutor.)
HODDY's DEFENCE.
This man went home with me, he was so much in liquor he could scarce stand, he told me to make away with the things for he had no money.
HARDIMAN's DEFENCE.
I never saw the man, this young woman told me a man had given her some clothes to pawn, and I went with her to pawn them.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice Wilson.





[Transportation. See summary.]


