





334. 
               
                  VALENTINE 
                  FRYAR
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of April
, 20 yards of silk for handkerchiefs, value 4 l. two muslin wrappers, value 10 s. one piece of cotton, value 20 s. two pieces of silk and cotton for waistcoats, value 20 s. and several other things, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Fielding
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Underwood
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  CHARLES
                   FIELDING
               



             sworn.
I am in partnership with Mr. James Underwood; I am allowed a sum out of the partnership to pay the rent and taxes;I am the housekeeper; the prisoner at the bar was employed as a carpenter
 at our house; he had been at work there before; we took notice of his diligence; and as we wanted some alterations in the shop, we employed him on his own account, and advanced him money to go on with; he was employed the latter end of March in our warehouse, and had three men at work; I had received information of his dishonesty; I took out a search warrant to search his apartments.


                  WILLIAM
                   WEAVER
               



             sworn.
In consequence of an information I went to the prisoner's lodgings; and, in a box which I saw in the room, I found a quantity of goods; I asked him, if they were his? he said, no, they are my master's; I have robbed him, and I deserve to he hanged for it; the next morning I went to the prosecutor's, and there were three carpenters at work; I took one of them in custody, and he acknowledged to have some of the goods; he was an accomplice, and he was admitted evidence.


                  JONATHAN
                   REDGRAVE
               



             sworn.
I went with the last witness to the prisoner's lodgings; and in his box we found several things; he said he had robbed his master, and the best of masters.


                  RICHARD
                   WILD
               



             sworn.
I was employed by the prisoner to work at the prosecutor's house; I came to work for him on Monday was a month; on the next Thursday the prisoner said, he would give me a piece for a waistcoat; I said, we had better not, we should get ourselves into trouble; he says, don't you touch any thing, I can get plenty that will not be missed; he took a piece of silk and cotton, and desired me to take some others; which I did, and took to my lodgings.


                  JOHN
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I received these two handkerchiefs on the 17th of April; I did not receive them from the prisoner.


                  ALEXANDER
                   ELLMAN
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Messrs. Underwood and Fielding; I can swear to the two muslin wrappers, by my hand-writing being on them.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
There is a piece of cotton which I bought myself expecting to go to India, but being disappointed, I had it when I was apprehended.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
