





137. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MONTAGUE
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of December
 last, one cloath coat, value 12 s. a dimity waistcoat, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Riley
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   RILEY
               



             sworn.
I am a day labouring man
, I lost a coat n waistcoat, on the 18th of last month, a a t ents at Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Usherwood
               



            's, in Tookes-court St. Martin's-street


; between three and five, when I returned I saw a light in my room. I went up stairs, and the door was fast against me, and the padlock on; I tried to unlock the other lock and could not, I knocked at the door five or six times, there was no answer directly, I put my ear to the key hole of the door, and I heard people talking, I cried out watch! the woman up stairs came down, and said, do you want a watch, I said, yes; then they opened the door, and three men came out, and the middle man hit me just over the breast with one of his hands, and I knocked down one of them who is not here, and then I laid hold of the prisoner, I found none of my property on this man, I wish I did, I lost a coat and waistcoat, I saw them at two o'clock.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. What light had you to observe these people by after you got into the room? - They put out the candle before I went into the room.
You did not know this young man? - I never saw him before.
Did not you know his wife? - No.
Will you swear that? - How should I know another man's wife.
Do not you know a woman of the name of Gibbs? - Not as I know of.
Do you mean to swear that this man's wife has not been frequently in your company at your own apartments, and in common bawdy-houses? - I never knew a woman by the name of Montague in my life; indeed, Sir, I did not know what name in the world.
Do not you know that the man's wife has been at your apartments? - Never in my life.
And you never applied to her to go to Iceland? - No.
Did not the man come to your apartments to look for his wife? - I never saw him in my days.

At the time you found him in your lodging, did not he tell you, that he came there to look for his wife? - He never said so.
You swear that positively? - I will, indeed, when he came to the Rotation-office, he said he came to see me, and he found these two men, and they went and got a light.
You swear that you do not know any woman of the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Gibbs
               



            ? - No, Sir
Was there any woman in the room with you at the time? - No, Sir.
ANNASTATIA FLINN sworn.
I lodge in the same house, between five and six I was drinking tea, I heard some rumbling below stairs, I asked if they wanted a light, and the prosecutor called watch! I took the candle off the table, and went down stairs; the prisoner was outside the door, and the prosecutor had hold of him, and the prisoner said Riley, do not you know me, and Riley said no, I do not know you; says he you know me and my wife, Riley cried, I neither know you nor your wife; the prisoner said, let us go into the room, and there they went and sat down, and presently Riley said, what have you got pistols here, and I was so frightened; and presently after, I saw this iron crow in the hand of Riley, then the constable was sent for, and Riley said he lost a coat and waistcoat; I had been out, and after I came home, I had a dish of tea.
How long had you been at your tea, before you heard this bustle between Riley and the prisoner? - Not ten minutes, when I went past, I saw no light in his room, nor I heard nothing on the stairs, till I heard Riley calling.
If any body had been wrenching the door or pulling off the padlock, do not you think you should have heard it? - There was another poor woman with me, there were five more families in the house.


                  ALEXANDER
                   MARTIN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I was sent for, I observed the lock of the door was broke open, and the wood burst in, when I came there, there was only the prisoner, prosecutor and this woman, the prisoner raved, he talked about his wife, that his wife sent him there to speak to Mr. Riley.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am innocent, I went after my wife, this man had been in company with her several times, and had give n her money, she told me he lived in Duke's-court, St. Martin's-lane, I went to the place and rapped at the door, and asked if Mr. Riley was at home; he came up and asked me my business, I asked if my wife was there, he said he did not know her, then he sent for a constable, there were two men went out of the room, and went down stairs, he never offered to stop them; in the watch-house he wanted to make it up, and the constable said no, swear hard to him, and I will back you, and we shall get forty pounds: I have three children.
Court to Constable. Is that true? - It is as false as God is true, I never mentioned such a word, nor was such a word mentioned.
Flinn. He said, you know me and my wife.


                  GEORGE
                   WEBSTER
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 2, Denzel-street, Clare-market, I am a hair-dresser, I have known the prisoner about nine months, his general character is that of an honest man.
Court. Is he a married man? - He has two children, he has buried one.
Did you ever see Riley at your house? - Not to my knowledge.


                  THOMAS
                   ROW
               



             sworn.
I live in Great George-street, I am a hair-dresser, he bore a very good character, he worked for me.


                  ELIZABETH
                   GIBBS
               



             sworn.
I am acquainted with Montague and his wife, I know Riley, I have seen him in company with Montague's wife at different places.
I know it is disagreeable to you, but you must name some of them? - I have seen Mrs. Montague go into Mr. Riley's dwelling-house, she has hallooed out, 
               
                  James
                   Riley
               



            ; I was with them once at a little private house in Russel-street, it was a private house where we went in to have some spirits; I do not know what purpose she was there for, he gave her a crown piece; and I was in company with her early last Sunday, in a public house opposite St. Martin's church, since this poor fellow has been in custody, it was last Sunday; more than that, I was to go back and sleep with him if Mrs. Montague would not.
Did you ever mention to the prisoner this sort of practice? - Yes, the Sunday night, I cannot say the particular day; Mrs. Montague and 
               
                  Riley
               


             both said, that she should have some money from a gentleman whom she had had a child by, in a short time, and Mr. Riley and Mrs. Montague were upon the receipt of that to go over to Ireland; I told the husband of that on the Saturday before, the Sunday he came home and burst his wife's door open, he struck the door several times; I met him in the street once, and he told me the child was crying, and asked where he might find his wife; I said probably at Riley's, that was the Sunday night, three or four weeks ago.
Court. You was very intimate with Mrs. Montague? - Yes.
Whereabouts did she live? - At a hairdresser's, I forget the street.
What house was this? - It was in a court that turns up by the pastry-cook's, opposite St. Martin's church, I frequently saw her go to the house and call him.
Court to Flinn. Do you remember any woman's coming to Riley's? - Not to my knowledge, I have seen Mrs. Montague several times since her husband has been in confinement.
Riley. This woman and the other man's wife, came and called me out of the court, and I went to the public-house, and saw her that night, I never was in company with her before last Sunday night.



               GUILTY
            .
Court to Prisoner. The defence you have set up, has been discredited by the Jury, and will be an encrease to your punishment.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
