






354. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     ISRAEL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of April
, two pieces of muslin, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Goldwell
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  JOHN
                   LANGARD
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Goldwell, on the 6th of April, I was in the shop, No. 2, in Sidney's Alley


, by myself, it is a haberdasher's shop; between three and five the prisoner and another woman came in for some muslins; some muslins were on the compter, when they came in, I had them in my hand about ten minutes before they came into the shop, I was serving another customer, they bought half a yard, and paid for it; and when they were gone out of the shop into the alley, about a dozen yards, I turned my head round, and saw some muslin under the prisoner's arm; I saw one piece, and could not tell what it was; just as I got behind her, the prisoner gave one piece to the other woman when she found I was detecting her; I saw another piece on the ground, I am sure I saw a piece under her arm, she had wrapped a piece under her cloak, and it was not quite covered, it was the piece I saw under her arm which she gave the other woman; the woman got off, I snatched the piece from her just as she gave it to her; I never saw the prisoner before to my knowledge, she staid in the shop about a quarter of an hour.
Did any other person come into the shop, while they were in it, besides the woman you were serving. - No other person.


                  CHARLES
                   ELLIOT
               



             sworn.
I produce two pieces of muslin, one of which I saw the prisoner drop; I was accidentally in Sidney's Alley, going past, I believe it was about four in the afternoon; I saw Langard in the Alley at the time; I did not know what he was doing, he was among the mob, there was no cry of stop thief! I am sure I saw the prisoner drop the piece, there were not many people.
Court. How many? - There might be two or three dozen people.
Court. People enough to obstruct your view? - No, I saw her put it under her arm before she dropped it.
(The muslin deposed to by Langard having his private mark.)
Can you also swear that that piece of muslin was on the counter at the time the woman was in the shop? - Yes, I had had all the pieces in my hand about ten minutes before; and this is the piece I took from the other woman, and which I saw the prisoner give to the other woman; this also was on the counter at the time.
Court to Langard. Are these two pieces of muslin new? - Yes.
What is the value of them? - About three pounds.
Prisoner. Where did you see me first? - The corner of Sidney's Alley, in Prince's Street.
Prisoner. Elliot swore at the Justice's, that he saw me drop a piece in Liecester-fields; I was a quarter of an hour in the shop before any constable came; I was sitting in the back parlour.
Elliott. There was no such thing said.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went into this gentleman's shop; what I asked for I bought and paid for; I went out, and this gentleman came out, and he had some muslin with him; he brought me back; two or three of the neighbours came into the shop, and a constable came in; I did not think that my trial would come on 'till six o'clock.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not privately
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.




[Transportation. See summary.]


