







449. 
               
                  
                     JAMES BRYAN 
                     CULLIEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th day of March

 last, one pair of thickset breeches, value 1 s. 6 d. two cloth coats, value 18 s. one fustian waistcoat, value 2 s. 6 d. one pair of leather boots, value 6 s. one pair of leather breeches, value 10 s. 6 d. one pair of cotton stockings, value 2 s. one linen shirt, value 1 s. one pair of leather shoes, value 5 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 3 s. and three muslin neckcloths, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Crandell
                        



                     
                  ; two cotton caps, value 2 s. one woollen cloth, value 1 s. one silk and cotton waistcoat, value 12 s. three cotton waistcoats, value 19 s. three pair of worsted stockings, value 7 s. three pair of worsted stockings, value 6 s. one pair of breeches, value 17 s. one linen shirt, value 6 s. two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. one pair of silver knee buckles, value 5 s. one pair of leather shoes, value 5 s. and one silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Shingler
                  



               
            .
And 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     WELCH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 14th of March

 last, part of the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  JOHN
                   CRANDELL
               



             sworn.
I am coachman
 to Mr. Milbank, on the 12th of March last, the prisoner called on me in the forenoon, as an acquaintance, I had seen him several times in Northamptonshire, he said he was going to a service at Woolwich on Monday; this was on Saturday about four in the afternoon, I left him in the stable; afterwards I was coming out with my fellow servant
 Shingler, and I went to the back door of the stable, which communicates with the house, and I found it fastened, it fastens on the inside: I thought my fellow servant had fastened it, I went to the other door, and found that was also fast, I still thought it was my fellow servant: I found the street door open, and when I went in, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  PETER
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
I am one of the patrols belonging to Sir Sampson Wright, some of these were given me, and I found great part of the things; I had the things from King-street, Wapping, from one Mrs. Barry, who is in Court: the prisoner was taken on Sunday night, the 13th of March.
Crandell. The prisoner had a pair of shoes of mine on.
(Deposed to.)
The remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.
ERRATA.
In No. IV. Part I. page 541, lines 4, and 5 leave out the words
"which was
"parted from the skull underneath." - Line 15, for
"maladies of membranes," read
"meninges
"or membranes." - Line 40, for
"os bregnitis," read
"as bregmatis." - In page 542, line. 23, and following, leave out the words
"I believe that is the case of all wounds
"by the removal of the scalp. where it is in a state of putrefaction, the blood may come
"down from that aperture." - Line 28, for
"not externally," read
"externally," and omit
"not." - Line 4, second column, for
"but," read
"when."






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 6th of APRIL 1785, and the following Days;
Being the FOURTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     RICHARD
                      CLARK
                  



               , 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY E. HODGSON, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND; And Published by Authority.
NUMBER IV. PART IV.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXV.

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  James
                   Bryan Cullien
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   SHINGLER
               



             sworn.
The prisoner gave me this note, it is his hand writing, I knew him before, I left him in the stable that night, he said, he wanted to speak to Crandell, he would stay till he came.
(The note read.)
"Call at 
               
                  William
                   Barry
               



            's, next door to
"the sign of the White Swan, King-street,
"Wapping; there you will find the flannel
"cloth, a pair of boots, and a pair of
"shoes."
Crandell. The prisoner was taken to the watch-house, and there he wrote down an account of where the things were (Read.)
"Ask Mrs. Barry for 
               
                  Lilly
                   Welch
               



            , and
"desire her to come to me directly; ask
"for those things in the name of James
"Brown." - we all three called at Barry's and found a great coat, and boots, and a thickset pair of breeches; they were in two different bundles.
Prisoner. This gentleman said, I was the person that locked the door of the stable inside? - I cannot tell, I can tell the door was fastened, and the outer door was not, at the same time you confessed yourself, Sir, that you was doing the business.
Prisoner. Did Mr. Milbank give you warning, or you give him warning? - Mr. Milbank gave the warning.
When you met me, did I offer to go away? - I took better care of you than that, for your ingratitude.
Prisoner. I gave him the note, he told me to get such and such things washed, he was going to Greenland along with me, and I took them to my wife, this prisoner is my wife.
Prosecutor. I never proposed any such thing, I have not left my service yet, and my wife lives in High-street, Marybone; it is not likely.


                  HENRY
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, I received a white waistcoat, a shirt, two neckcloths, and three pair of stockings, I received them of one 
               
                  Catherine
                   Kelly
               



            .
(Deposed to.)
CATHEKINE KELLY sworn.
I had those things from the woman prisoner, she lodged with me, I took her to be a very honest woman; she told me she was married, I used to call her Mrs. Briant, but I pawned the things with Mr. Turner, in the name of 
               
                  Eleanor
                   Welch
               



            .
Court. Was that the man you always took to be her husband? - Yes.


                  MARGARET
                   BARRY
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoners, the man lay one night at my house, the woman was not with him; I never saw her till the Sunday night after, the prisoner had a bundle that night, he said, he was too late, he asked me for a bed, and he got up in the morning, he got up and went on board a Green-land ship, the William and Ann.
Prisoner Cullien. I have nothing further to say, I have lived with Captain 
               
                  Fredrick
               


             and Lady Harris at the King's Palace.


                  JACOB
                   BRIANT CULLIEN
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported to Africa for seven years
            .


                  ELEANOR
                   WELCH
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice NARES.
