





78. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARDINGE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Jabez 
                           Ward
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eleven in the night, on the 15th of October
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one spring dial clock in a wooden carved frame, value 5 l.
             his property.


                  SAMUEL
                   MATLOCK
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the Westminster-hospital, Mr. Ward is the master of that hospital
, and apothecary
, I live with him in the same house; on the 15th of October last, the Westminster hospital


 was broke open, I believe it was after the family was in bed.


                  JOSEPH
                   BENNETT
               



             sworn.
I live in the hospital; I was in the room from six till ten, and the dial was in the room; I saw the dial about ten that evening; I went to bed then.
SMITH KEMPSON sworn.
I am a pupil in the hospital; I came home about twelve, the dial was gone, but I did not suspect it was stolen; I saw the window open in the middle of the room, the place where the dial was; the window opens into the garden, the garden is surrounded with will and paling.
Then any person might get over it? - Yes.
How high were the pales? - I fancy about six feet, the other side of the pales goes into the Row just by the Infirmary, it is a room we always sup in at night.
Court to Bennett. When you went to bed, at ten was that window open? - No, it was shut when I went to bed.
Did you leave any body in the room? - There was no person in the room, there were nurses in the ward; the night nurses they could get into the room if they pleased.
Court to Kempson. Did you see any body in the room when you came home? - No, the nurse came with me with a candle.
Ward is the house-keeper, were not these his particular apartments? - No; this room is for the use of the gentlemen and Mr. Ward if he chooses; it is the court room, we generally sit in it.

Whose property is this clock? - I cannot say.
Mortlock. Mr. Ward gives security to the stewards to account for all the goods in the house.
How do you know that? - By the standing orders of the house, and the declaration of Mr. Ward.
Is that for the property in his apartments? - For the property of all the goods.
Suppose there were to be any beds stolen from the sick wards would he be liable for them? - He would be accountable by the standing orders.
(The order shewn to the Court, the 4th and and 22d article.)
Court. There should have been another count laying it to be the house of the governors.
You have no evidence of another person being near the place? - No.


                  JOHN
                   TOWNSEND
               



             sworn.
I received this dial from Fleming, it has been in my possession ever since.


                  FRANCIS
                   FLEMING
               



             sworn.
About seven or eight weeks ago, 
               
                  Charlotte
                   Cooper
               



            , servant to Mrs. Burkitt, came to my house, and desired me to come to Mrs. Burkitt's immediately, (The other witnesses ordered out of Court.) in Duck-lane, Westminster, this was after ten at night; I went down in about two or three minutes after; when I went there, there was a dial laying on the bed; I asked Mrs. Burkitt what she wanted; I do not know whether she said there was a dial or not; but Hardinge, the prisoner was there and sold it to me for a guinea; Mrs. Burkitt was at supper, and one 
               
                  Joseph
                   Holding
               



             was in the room at the same time, and the maid was present; when I gave the information to Sir Sampson, I told him of this dial, and of whom I bought it.
Did you do it voluntarily? - Yes, before I was sworn in as an evidence.
Before you was in custody? - No; I comprehend I was in custody as soon as the officers came to my house.


                  CHARLOTTE
                   COOPER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Elizabeth Burkitt; I remember in October last going to Fleming's; I went on the errand that 
               
                  John
                   Hardinge
               



             the prisoner sent me on, he was at our house, it was in order to ask Fleming to buy a clock; he gave him a guinea for it.
Did Fleming go? - Yes; I was present when it was sold, but I did not go up stairs.


                  ELIZABETH
                   BURKITT
               



             sworn.
I did not send to Fleming, the prisoner lodged at our house, and he sent for Fleming, and Fleming came to our house, and said, he wanted him; Hardinge brought in this clock, I cannot say whether it was Monday or Tuesday.
When was the 15th of October? - On a Wednesday.
Did Fleming come there? - Yes; he gave a guinea; I do not know how the prisoner got his living, he used to go to market; he had a jack-ass and he had it backwards in my house.
Was he in his lodging the night before? - I cannot tell that.
Mortlock. I verily believe this is the clock; the maker's name and size correspond; it was in a frame, the frame is gone; I wound it up for seven years; it is not numbered at all; the key exactly corresponds to it; Duck-lane is about a quarter of a mile from the hospital; I cannot say I ever saw the prisoner before I saw him at Sir Sampson's; the key fits it exactly; the case was taken away with it, and this part of the ornament was broke off and left behind; they were such ornaments as that clock had; they were found on the ground next to the hospital where the window of this room opens into; the apothecary has a right to occupy all the rooms.
Does the apothecary pay any tax for the windows of this room? - I do not know; I rather conceive it is paid by the stewards, I believe they pay the taxes of the whole house; Mr. 
               
                  Robinson
               


             the clock-maker is dead.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of it; the man is likelyto swear my life away as well as any body's; I have no witnesses.




               GUILTY of stealing
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
