





188. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     MANYPENNY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 14th of February
, a cloth coat, value 10 s. and a Bath great coat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel Johnston 
                     Reid
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   JOHNSTON
               



             REID sworn.
The coats mentioned in the indictment were taken out of the passage in my house.
- SHIPLEY sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, in Piccadilly; on Thursday, the 14th of February, the prisoner came between ten and twelve o'clock, and asked, if we could send to Mr. Smith's, in Swallow-street, for two great coats he wanted to pawn; I said, no; he said, would I take them of him if he brought them? I said, yes; and he went and returned with the two great coats in ten minutes; upon a suspicion he did not come honestly by them, I jumped over the counter, and told him he must stay there till I went to hear what Mr. Smith said about it; he said, I need not go, for he had taken the coats from a house by Buckingham-gate, but could not tell exactly where; I told him I must take him before a magistrate, but would be as favorable as I could.
Reid. I did not miss the coats till Thursday, the 14th; when a man came and told me they were at the office; I saw them last before they were taken away on the Tuesday.
(They were produced in Court, and deposed to by the Prosecutor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
It is a false charge; I met a man, and he asked me to go to the pawnbrokers, and ask him to send for two great coats to Mr. Smith's in Swallow-street; I went in; he would not send; I came out and told the man; he said, if I would go in and pawn them, he would give me a shilling; I went in with them, and the man stopped me; Itold him a man had given them to me, and he said, he would be favorable to me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
