







247. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     JONES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     GRACE 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of January
, nineteen yards of silk ribbon, value 4 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Winch
               



            .
A second Count, laying it to be the property of 
               

                        Mary
                     


                   the wife of 
                     
                        William 
                        Winch
                     







            .
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  MARY
                   WINCH
               



             sworn.
I am wife to 
               
                  William
                   Winch
               



            , linen-draper and haberdasher
, No. 24, Shoemaker-row


; I carry on the business in my own name; my husband is in the timber-trade, and don't chose to have any thing to do with it; on Thursday the 17th of January, the prisoners came into my shop, about four o'clock in the afternoon; I had seen them several times before; one of them, I don't know which, asked for five yards of ribbon; they fixed on a piece, and had it cut off; missing two pieces out of the drawer, I sent for Mr. Watson, the constable, and detained them, and they were taken into another room, and searched by the constable's wife, who came with him; a piece of green ribbon was picked up from under the chair, where one of the prisoners sat, I cannot say which; they were stripped, nothing was found on Brown; as Mrs. Watson stripped the other, her petticoat dropped off, and a piece of ribbon, about nine yards dropped with it, and I saw Mrs. Watson stoop, and pick it up; I had just been shewing it to a friend at the other counter; they had come frequently together before.
(On her cross-examination she said they were very willing to be searched.)


                  ANN
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
On Thursday the 17th of January, about four o'clock, the prisoners came into Mrs. Winch's shop, and asked for five yards of black ribbon for a bonnet; it was cut off for them, and I missed a piece of sash ribbon; I asked Mrs. Winch if it was in the drawer when she gave it me over; she said it was; Mrs. Winch came round to the side of the counter where I was, and missed a piece of white ribbon, she then sent for a constable; when the constable came, Jones got up, and I found a piece of green ribbon under the chair; they were both together.
Was any green ribbon missing? - Not that I know of; the drawer was in the middle of the counter.
Did either of them put their hands in the drawer, or did you give them the ribbon out? - No, Brown took them out herself.
You did not see them examined in the parlour? - No.
Should you know the maroon ribbon again? - Yes, it is marked 7 1/2 d. and a cross.
(Cross-examination.)
Did they converse together? - Yes, about the ribbon.


                  SARAH
                   WATSON
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of the constable; Mrs. Winch sent for me on Thursday the 17th of January, I helped to undress Jones, and found upon her a piece of ribbon; I went to untie her under-petticoat, and a piece of ribbon dropped from her bosom.
You did not see it in her bosom? - No, I took it from under her coat, and her hand was over it, I heard it drop on the ground; it was a piece of maroon ribbon, I gave it to Mrs. Winch, and I saw Mrs. Winch give it to my husband.


                  MICHAEL
                   WATSON
               



             sworn.
Mrs. Winch gave me this piece of ribbon (producing it); I have had it in my possession ever since; I took the prisoners into custody.
To Mrs. Watson. Is that the ribbon you took from the girl? - Yes; I put that cross upon it at the time, before the alderman.
To Davis. How came you to speak of the cross on the ribbon? - Because I saw Mrs. Watson mark it.
(It was deposed to by the prosecutrix.)

The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel.
Jones called one, and Brown three witnesses, who gave them a good character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
On the first count.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
