





41. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EVANS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th day of December
, two pair of nankeen breeches, value 5 s. a shirt, value 2 s, and a pair of stockings, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  ELIZABETH
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I am a widow, I keep a clothes shop
; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; last Friday week; I sold them to the prisoner, and sent them home by my niece, 
               
                  Ann
                   Case
               



            , who was to bring the money.
ANN CASE sworn.
I am niece to Mrs. Clarke; last Friday was a week, she gave me several things to carry home to the prisoner's; I took them with the man till we got to a public-house; my aunt lives in Nightingale-lane, and keeps a clothes shop; I do not know where the public-house was; I was to go to his aunt's, as he said, but he took me to a public-house; he took the things away from me in the passage of the public-house; I never saw him afterwards, but he did not pay for them; he took them from me without my consent; as soon as he snatched them out of my hand, he went through the house; my aunt told me not to deliver the things without the money.
Jury. What did you go with him to the public-house for? - He told me that was his aunt's.
Court. This public-house is a thoroughfare? - Yes; I went into the public-house, and told them the affair, and they took my aunt's name down, and place of abode.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was at the prosecutor's house, and went with a young woman, but my mother lived next door, and I had no doubt but my mother would pay for them.
To 
               
                  Ann
                   Case
               



            . Did you deliver these goods to the man or not? - No, I did not; he snatched them from me.
Mrs. Clarke. I gave her charge not to deliver the things without the money; he came back again after these goods had been snatched away, and said the shirt would not do, he must have a better shirt.
Was your niece returned then? - No, she came back in half an hour after; when he came back, I asked him if the other things would do; he said every thing would do besides the shirt.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
