





299. 
               
                  
                     ELLIS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of April
, one copper, called a washing copper, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Schrimshall
                  




               
            , Esq.




                  ABRAHAM
                   BURTON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to 
               
                  Richard
                   Schrimshall
               



            , Esq; No. 4, Suffolk-street, Middlesex Hospital


, it was my master's empty house, on the 10th of April, my master lost a copper at night, it was missed the same evening between eight and nine; it was fixed in brick-work in the kitchen the same evening, I heard a noise, I was in the next house, and I went in I found the copper removed out of its place, not taken away; and the prisoner at the bar was in the Butler's pantry, I found nobody else in the house, I found the stable door at the back part of the house which opens into the Mews put too, but not fastened, and so I got into the house; all the rest of the doors were open.
Court. Did you know the prisoner before? - No.
Had he any connection with the house or family? - No. we took him to the watch-house.

Did you find any hammer or crows, or any thing of that sort? - Not any.
How was the copper loosened? - There was no brick-work moved, but the copper was on the floor in the kitchen.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was at work in George-street, and I happened to get in liquor, and coming thro' the Mews, the stable door was open, and I went in and fell asleep; and when I waked, it was dark, and I could not find my way out; I went down stairs in this house, and that gentleman came and catched me.
Where was it you had got into liquor? - I was at the Spotted Dog, in Oxford Road, drinking.
What time did you leave the Spotted Dog? - I believe it might be very high seven o'clock, my master was here.
Court. Can you prove that you was at the Spotted Dog? - The people were here yesterday.



               GUILTY
            ,




               Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
