





631. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of October
, twenty-six yards of linen cloth, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Yowd
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  JOHN
                   YOWD
               



             sworn.
I am a servant
; I live at No. 12, David-street, Berkley-square; this cloth is my property; I left it in the care of Mr. Johnson, in Charles-street, Grosvenor-square


; I cannot tell the day of the month; it is about three weeks ago; I had bought it just then before in Berner's-street, Oxford-road, of one Mr. Perry, an auctioneer; I left it with Johnson till I called for it; I was just gone away before the accident happened; I saw the cloth again every day till it was taken; and I saw it after it was found at Johnson's.


                  JOSEPH
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Charles-street; the prosecutor left a piece of cloth with me; and about three weeks ago, it was put in our club-room, on a table, up one pair of stairs forwards; I am sure the door was not locked; on Saturday evening, the 11th of October, I was lighting candles between five and six; I was in the kitchen; and there is a light borrowed from the stair-case to light the kitchen; I heard a woman crying out up stairs; I turned my head, and through this sky light I saw this prisoner; but he had a different coat on; I think it was a green coat, with metal buttons; they shone through the window; I am sure it was the prisoner; he was coming down; my wife cried, I have lost my cloth; no, says the maid, this man has got it; I went out, and the girl had got the prisoner shoved up against the back-door, going into a mews; says she; this man has my mistress's cloth; I took him by the collar; and the cloth lay close by him; I did not see him drop it; I took him directly into the kitchen, and kept him there till I took him to the justices; my wife is ill in bed.
Did you say any thing to him? - I took him by the collar, and I said, you d - drascal what are you going to do with that cloth; I dare say I swore; he made no reply.


                  JANE
                   BRIDE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Johnson; I was backwards in the yard washing myself; and I heard a man going up stairs, very softly, about half past five; I asked who was going up stairs; he said, a friend; and I asked him who he pleased to have; he said, he wanted one Mrs. Moore; there is such a person lives in our house; he said, she lives in the two pair of stairs, does not she; and I said, yes; he asked me if she lived in the front room, or the back room; I said, in the front room; I stood at the bottom of the stairs, but I did not hear him go up two pair of stairs, nor did I see where he went; and my mistress was going up, and I told her; and I saw the man come down stairs with the piece of cloth in his hand; it was not wrapped in any thing; he was coming down as softly as he went up; then I caught hold of him by the collar; and my master came, and laid hold of him; and I saw him let the cloth fall; I am sure the prisoner is the man; he had a green coat on.
(The cloth deposed to by the Prosecutor.)
Prosecutor. I had this cloth from Mrs. Johnson; she delivered it to me yesterday; here is my name on it; I wrote my name on it at justice Read's; and Mr. Johnson put his name, and the maid's name on it; I carried it back by justice Read's orders, to be kept in Mr. Johnson's possession; I am sure that is the same cloth that I had at the justice's; I know it by the stamp; twenty-six yards; and No. 143, marked with ink; I paid 2 l. 3 s. 4 d. for it.
Mr. Johnson. This cloth was brought in the kitchen where the prisoner was, either by my wife or the maid; it was put in my wife's care, and has never been out of our house; here I marked it; and the girl; and 
               
                  John
                   Yowd
               



            .
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have not been in England this five years; and I went to seek for this Mrs. Moore, up two pair of stairs; and the outside of the dining-room door, lay this piece of cloth; I took it up, intending to give it to the people of the house; and they said, I wanted to take it; the captain I came home with is in Scotland.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMSON
               



            .
