





567. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 22d day of April
 last, with a certain offensive weapon called a knife, which he had and held in his right hand, in and upon 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Howell
                        




                     
                  , in the peace of God and our lord the king then and there being, did make an assault, with a felonious intent, his goods, chattels, and monies from his person, and against his will, feloniously to steal, tak, and carry away
            .
A second count, charging him with this assault, omitting mentioning it being made with a knife.
(The case opened by Mr. Peatt.)


                  DAVID
                   HOWELL
               



             sworn.
I am a shoemaker
; on the 22d of April last I was stabbed by 
               
                  William
                   Smith
               



            , I went to Snow-hill with three pair of shoes about half past seven, and coming home about ten minutes before eight, I saw three men standing together at the end of Field-lane, facing St. Andrew's church, one of them on each side, and one of them foremost, they followed me, as I passed by one of them searched me, and I asked him in the name of God what do you want with me? he said d - n you, you rascal, I don't want any thing with you; that was him that was on the right hand side, then the prisoner, 
               
                  William
                   Smith
               



            , who was on the left hand side, swore by his God he would do for me, and he stabbed me immediately, and I dropped immediately, and the person that was before me came back with intent to rob me; he came and searched me to see whether I had a watch about me; my breeches pocket was quite tight.
Did the prisoner do any thing to you but stab you? - Nothing; then I dropped down in the middle of Holborn; the people came and surrounded me, and desired to take me to the doctor's; I was bleeding very fast.
Court. What did Smith do immediately after he stabbed you? - He went off immediately.
Did he go off before the other searched you? - I cannot tell; Smith tried to open my breeches pocket, because he was on my side.
You did not tell us that before; when did he try to open your breeches pocket? - As he was stabbing me, Smith was on my right hand side; he saw I would not give him leave to rob me, therefore he stabbed me; he tried before he stabbed me, then I dropped down dead, and as I dropped down dead, they desired I might be carried to the doctor's.
Are you sure as to the person at the bar? - That is the person that stabbed me.
How many moments might he be in your eye before the accident happened? - The value of seven or eight minutes; I have seen the prisoner many times; I have no doubt but that is the man, because he made an acknowledgement to me when I was in my bed; the prisoner was taken on the Sunday evening, the 23d of April, when I was very bad, he was brought to me in bed.
Mr. Garrow. Was Sir Sampson present? - No.
Who was? - I cannot tell their names; this man was.
Why is he in court? (ordered out of court.) Who were present? - Richards was one of them; I cannot tell their names; when the prisoner was brought to me it was between nine and ten; I was laying down on my bed; he told me in this way, your heart aches, and you are going to make my heart ache; and he desired me for God's sake not to go and swear his life away.
Did any thing more pass? - That is all.
Did you know him then? - Yes; I said nothing till I fully knew him?
Did you say you knew him? - Yes.
What did he say? - He said nothing, but biting his lips.
Mr. Garrow. The person that you took to be the prisoner stood to your left hand? - Yes.
You was stabbed on your left side? - Yes.
Three people came behind you, they did not meet you? - No, Sir.
The two persons that were on the side of you were not fronting you; which hand did the man stab you with? - With the left hand; I shall be glad to say as little as possible.
Why did not you mention that sooner? - I have had no conversation with the lawyers since last session; the same man tried to rob me with his left hand at the same time that he was going to stab me.
So finding himself disappointed in not being able to rob you, he instantly stabbed you with the same hand? - Yes.
What sort of knife was it, a clasp or a case knife? - That I cannot tell.
Did he put his hand into his pocket after he had tried your pocket, or had he his knife in his hand? - I cannot say; the man that came in front of me tried also to search my left hand pocket.
Did you hear the expression, by G - d I will do for you, before he was trying at your pocket, or at the instant? - Before.
At the last session have you ever said in your life, that the prisoner is the man that tried your pocket? - Yes, I said so when I was in bed, I always said so from the first day I was stabbed, to this day.
When he had stabbed you, the man in front came up, and the man that stabbed you ran away? - They all three ran away; I was on the path way, it was ten minutes before eight, it was not half after seven before I went from my house; the next day this man was brought in custody to our house.
And what he said you took to be a confession of his guilt? - Yes.
You was a considerable time in the hospital? - I was.
Who told you that the present indictment could not be supported unless you swore that the prisoner attempted to take your money? - Nobody; I never heard so from any body.
I ask you this; has no person that is now in court, or any other person told you, that unless this prisoner was proved to attempt to take your money, this indictment could not be supported? - I was told that you was at the hospital door to enquire for me, whether I was out of danger; is your name Mr. Garrow?
Yes my name is Garrow? - I was told so by the people of the hospital.
Name a person to me that told you that; you must recollect that? - They told me that the counsellor that was employed by the prisoner enquired whether I was out of danger.
That person did not tell you any thing of Mr. Garrow. Upon your oath Sir, was not it your own solicitor that desired you to say that to day? - I have no attorney.
I shall travel one step higher; is not the person in court who desired you to say that? - I am not able to stand.
Upon your oath is not the person present that directed you to say that? - Upon my oath nobody told me in the court.
Is not the person now in court that desired you to say that? - I will take my oath that nobody in court told me any thing.
Did no person to your knowledge now in court, tell you to say that? - I will take my oath that the person is not here.
Who was it? - The nurse of the hospital.
When was you told so? - Last Thursday was a week the nurse told the sister, and sister told me; they never mentioned your name, they said the counsellor.
Why was it then when I asked you the question, just now, your answer to me was; is not your name Garrow? - Because I have heard many people telling here the last sessions, that you was to speak for the prisoners.
Has no person that is concerned for you as a lawyer given you directions to day? - I will take my oath they have not, or God may strike me dead.
Did any body tell you to say you was too feeble to answer my questions? - No.
Has nobody wrote it down. - No; it has been a fortnight since last Thursday; I am not out of the hospital yet.
What is the name of the sister that told you? - Her name is Soldier.


                  MOSES
                   MORANT
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner; after he was apprehended I went to the prosecutor with the prisoner, as he lay in bed, and he looked at the man, and said that was the man that robbed him; the prisoner said do not swear to me, for I am an innocent man; nothing else material passed.
Mr. Garrow. How was the prosecutor's intellects at the time? - He appeared to be very ill at the time, but he appeared to be very sensible; I never saw him but that time.
Had you shewed any other person to him before, as the person you suspected? - I do not know.
Was Howell apprised that you was coming with the man? - Yes, I think he was; because his wife went in first and told him that one was come with the man; to which he instantly said that is the man; and the prisoner instantly said do not swear my life away, I am an innocent man; I apprehended the prisoner at the sign of the Falcon, in Port-pool-lane; the prosecutor seemed to be in very great agony.
Have you had frequent conversations with Howell? - I do not know that I spoke to him about that matter till last session; I did not hear his examination.
Have you ever had any talk with him about this business? - No, no particular talk.
Did you ever hear from him that he suspected this to be in consequence of spight; did he always represent the attempt to rob him to be before or after the stab? - I understood before.
He made nothing like a confession? - On the contrary he always persisted in his innocence.
Who is the solicitor for the prosecutor on this occasion.
Mr. Peatt. I will tell you, it is Mr. Moreton.


                  MOSES
                   COUZENS
               



             sworn.
Was you present when this prisoner was apprehended? - Yes.
Did any thing material pass? - I heard no words; I was not in the house; I was at the door.


                  RICHARD
                   AKUM
               



             sworn.
I was present when the prisoner was taken.
What was said by the prisoner? - He said he was not the man; we brought him before Mr. Howell, and he said he was the man; and the prisoner said, now Sir your heart aches, and you have a mind to make mine ache.


                  EDWARD
                   MELLSOME
               



             sworn.
I was present when the prisoner was apprehended, and when he was taken to the prosecutor's house; as soon as ever the prisoner came before Howell, Howell turned round and said that is the man that stabbed me.


                  GEORGE
                   CORSHEAD
               



             sworn.
I am a surgeon; I attended the prosecutor for a week; he was brought about eight in the evening, on a Saturday; if I recollect right, to my house, and at that time he had a wound in his side, which I dressed; I suppose it penetrated about two inches.
Did it appear a dangerous wound? - It appeared to be from a sharp instrument, either a knife or a bayonet.
Mr. Garrow. It was before he went to the hospital that you atended him? - Yes; he said somebody had stabbed him; I saw him on the Sunday; the symptoms of delirium I was informed on Sunday appeared, and on the Sunday evening he was scarcely sensible.
About what time on the Sunday evening did you visit him? - I believe between eight and nine; the symptoms had then begun, and I was in again between ten and eleven, when they were worse.
I have no doubt but you took all possible care; would not it tend to disturb the frame to bring the man? - Not a doubt of it.
How long might the delirium continue? - He was exceedingly ill many days; I thought he would die; I did not see him after he went to the hospital; a young man that is with me is here.
- PITTS sworn.
I attended the prosecutor at the hospital; when I first saw him in the hospital, he was in a very dangerous state, and continued so a great while; he was getting well, and he came to this court to attend the trial, and the trial was put off, and he came home exceeding ill indeed, a fresh inflammation, a cough, and a difficulty in breathing, and we have been obliged to give him the strictest regimen.
Mr. Peatt. Is he much weakened in consequence of his wound? - He is.
I should suppose he is capable since he got the better of that symptom that came on by attending here.
Court. Is there any more common symptom than that of his taking one person for another? - Wherever a man is delirious, his mind is deranged, and his ideas certainly.
But do you not in point of experience and fact, frequently find that persons in a delirium sever take one person for another? - Yes.
Prisoner. I leave it all to my counsel.

Jury. I think the prosecutor said he had some previous knowledge of the prisoner? - Yes.
Would it be amiss to ask him how he knew him.
Court to prosecutor. You have no personal knowledge of the prisoner? - No, Sir.
You only mean to say that you have seen him more than once? - Yes, I have seen him more than once.
Jury. By that knowledge of seeing him different times in the street, can you swear now to him positively? - Yes.
Court. As far as you think under all the circumstances of the case, that the prosecutor in the state he was can be depended upon, he has sworn that he was the man.


                  REBECCA
                   SHACKELL
               



             sworn.
I keep the Falcon in Port-pool-lane; I am a married woman; the prisoner lodged in our house four months; he was a hackney coachman, during the time he lodged in our house he always bore a very honest character; a very sober honest man as far as I knew; he drove for no person in particular; he was waiting for a place to drive for Mr. Earl, a coachmaster, and he was to have gone the very next day that he was taken up to a job; Mr. and Mrs. Earl are not here; he was obliged to go out of town, and she could not come on that account.


                  WILLIAM
                   FREEMAN
               



             sworn.
Is 
               
                  Martha
                   Freeman
               



             here? - Yes, she is my wife.
Is she out of court? - Yes, I live with Esquire Harrison in Brown's wharf, next the King's brewhouse, St. Catherine's; I know the young man at the bar; on Saturday the 22d of April, in the evening, I saw him within about two minutes of eight, and after eight.
Where did you see him? - At my house in Aldgate parish, in what they call Upper East Smithfield.
How far is it from St. Andrew's, Holborn, to your house? - I suppose it is a mile and a half, and better; I saw him close upon eight; I was very particular to the time.
What made you so particular? - Because I have lived with Mr. Harrison near upon five years, and I said to my fellow servants, that I never knew such a thing since I had been there; we had all got our monies and paid out score, and parted and se: off home, that made me remember; the prisoner had been at my house some time; when I had got there, one of my little girls opened the door to me, and said daddy, Bill is here; I said what Bill? she said 
               
                  Bill
                   Smith
               



            ; I said to the child, who is about eleven years old, how long, says she to me he has been here about a quarter of an hour, then I saw him there; I knew his father, his sister, and brother; I suppose he and I were about five minutes talking, and he got up to come away, and I says to him, Bill have a draught of beer, says I, you and I can drink a pot of beer, and I sent for a pot, and he and I and my wife drank it; we had nothing to eat; then we parted, as near as I can guess, it wanted a quarter to nine; I think it was the Monday or Tuesday after I heard he was taken up; then I recollected I had seen him on the Saturday.
Are you sure it was the 22d of April? - I think it was the Saturday before he was taken up; I am sure to the time; my wife was there, and is here now; my daughter is not here; I have known the prisoner from a child; his father was a publican, and he was put apprentice to a carver and gilder, or something of that, but I believe he did not serve much of his time; he is a hackney coachman, but I do not know what place.


                  MARTHA
                   FREEMAN
               



             sworn.
Court. Let 
               
                  William
                   Freeman
               



             go out of Court.
I am wife of 
               
                  William
                   Freeman
               



            , of Brown-Bear-alley, No. 1, East-Smithfield; I know the prisoner, I saw him on the Saturday before he was taken up; I heard of it on the Monday; I saw him on the Saturday at my house, a quarter before eight; my husband was not come from work, I suppose he might be come in about a quarter of an hour, he was waiting for my husband, he asked my husband, if he had heard of a place, either of a horse-keeper's place, or a coachman's place; my husband drives a flour waggon for Mr. Harrison; he wished to be either a horse-keeper or a coachman, then he said he heard of a place to go to on Monday, he said the name was Earle; my husband asked him to drink a draught of beer, and I sent one of my children for a pot of beer, and he staid and drank it, he wanted to go, and my husband said do not go till the beer is out; we drank it, we had nothing to eat with it at all, we staid till nigh upon nine; and on Monday he sent to let me know that he was taken up, which was a thing he was unguilty of, he begged that I would go down to him; my husband said you cannot go, you cannot leave the children; I am sure as to the time of night; I have known the prisoner fifteen or sixteen years, I never knew any harm of him in my life, an honest goodnatured lad, I never knew him guilty of an ill-natured thing in my life.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported to Africa for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
