





99. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
 last, forty-two steel files, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Knight
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM KNIGHT sworn.
I am an iron-monger
, I lost forty-two steel files; I was not at home.


                  WILLIAM
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I am porter to Mr. Knight, on the 7th of November, Saturday, the prisonercame into the shop and asked for a halfpennyworth of nails, then he wanted a gridiron; I left him in the shop; when I brought the gridirons down, he said they were not the size he wanted; I told him I would go up stairs, he went with me; as I was reaching one down, I thought I heard the rattling of paper, and I had a suspicion, he put something in his pocket: I said nothing to the prisoner; he came down stairs with me; I told 
               
                  Richard
                   Knight
               



             my suspicion; he then came to the counter; I desired him to wait till my master came into the shop; and when he came in I examined him, and found forty-two files upon him; the files were in the boxes on the side of the counter; I did not go up to see if any were missing: he said, he had nothing but his own; he said these files were his own; the constable had the files.


                  DANIEL
                   SHIPLEY
               



             sworn.
I produce three dozen and a half of files; I took charge of the prisoner to the counter; then young Mr. Knight gave me these files; sealed them with my seal, and gave them to the prosecutor; they have not been opened since.


                  RICHARD
                   KNIGHT
               



             sworn.
These are files belonging to my father; I know them by a mark G W, which was our private mark on the paper; each paper contains half a dozen; this mark is on one paper; they were tied up together; sometimes we sell them with the paper; we seldom sell more than one or two together; the paper contains three dozen and a half; we possibly may have sold half a dozen; but I do not recollect, and it possibly might have this mark on it; I was present when they were taken from the prisoner's right hand coat pocket; he was reluctant: he said they were his own, and he bought them at Hammersmith, and they were made by one Rocking, of Birmingham; these were made by one Rogers of Sheffield; here is his mark, a heart and star; I know by that mark, that they were made by Rogers of Sheffield: there is a maker of brass work at Birmingham, of the name of Rocking, but not of files that I know of; I do know where they came from.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A young man gave them to me, I did steal them.
The prisoner called three witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
