





126. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     BARRATT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of September
 last, one silver table spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Disport 
                  Crossdill
               




            .
DISPORT CROSSDILL sworn.
On the 22d of December, a silver table spoon of mine was missing, as my servant informed me; the next morning I was sent for to Sir Sampson Wright's, when I was informed, that the prisoner had offered it to sell; my spoon was there, and produced in my presence.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. I believe this man lived in your house as a servant? - No, he did not; he lived with my father in law; he was his coachman.
Did he occasionally assist at dinner, in carrying down the plate, and other articles, as other servants do? - I suppose he did; there is no doubt of it.
Was you present when he was carried before the magistrate? - I was.
I believe this was the story he told there, that in carrying down the plate he had trod on a spoon, and bruised it, and afraid of losing his place he sold it? - The bowl of it was bent; nothing of it was deficient.


                  JOHN
                   PARKER
               



             sworn.
The prisoner brought me this spoon, and gave it to me to sell; I asked him whose it was; it was on the 22d of December last.
What time of the day? - Between eight and nine in the morning; he said it belonged to a servant that lived in the Minories; I told him that he must send for that servant, and in the mean time I acquainted my brother with it, and sent for a constable, and took him to Bow-street; in about half an hour I was sent for to Bow-street; this is the spoon, in the same state in which the prisoner offered it to sell.
Mr. Garrow. I see the crest is the most plain part of it? - Yes, it is very plain.
Now, I believe, before he went out of your shop, he told you he was a servant in Mr. Crossdill's family, and that he had trod on the spoon, and bruised it? - He did so; not at first, but after I had stopped him, and sent for a constable.
He said he meant to replace it with another? - Yes, he did.
He offered his silver watch to purchase another with? - He did.
He said that afterwards; after he had trod upon it he bent it together? - Yes, he said he set his foot upon it.
Did he say he doubled it together? - First of all he said he trod upon it and bent it; and then, he said, afterwards, he set his foot upon it to bend it as it is now.
Mr. Garrow to prosecutor. How long has this man lived in your father's family? - Two or three months; I do not know who he had his character from.
During the time he lived in your family, what character did he bear? - Upon my word I cannot say any thing against him.
Court. Did you learn at all whether he said any thing of this to his fellow servants? - No, quite the contrary.
Was Mr. Fitter, your father-in-law, remarkably strict with your servants? - Very properly so.
What was the rule of the family, with respect to breaking any thing? - None at all; with respect to myself, I keep my servants in very good order, and, at the same time, I am rather humane to them, for, when my own servant told me there was a spoon missing, I told him do not make yourself uneasy.
Prisoner. I have nothing more to say.
How came you not to tell any of your fellow servants of this accident, and toenquire of them whether you would run any risque of displeasure by it? - I was afraid they would mention it to my master, and I was willing to make it good.
How long have you lived in the family? - About five months.
Have you ever been obliged to make good any damage or accident before? - Yes, Sir, the last place I lived in, I was obliged to make good every thing I lost or broke.
But not at Mr. Fitter's? - No, Sir, they never mentioned it to me; my witnesses are not come, and I have not had an opportunity to look them up; I lived with Mr. Bray, at Clapham, better than eight months.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
