





824. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WARREN
                   otherwise 
TERRY




             was indicted for that 


               she, on the 2d day of October
, feloniously did take away, with intent to steal, a linen sheet, value 3 s. from her lodging room, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Rummers
                        




                     
                  , against the statute
            .


                  THOMAS
                   RUMMERS
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner; I let a lodging to her four weeks before she was taken into custody, which was the 2d of October; the prisoner was taken up on suspicion; and I was sent for to the rotation office, and there I found a sheet, my property; being a sheet belonging to her bed, marked R, and a figure of 6; I am quite positive that the sheet I found before the Justice was a sheet belonging to my bed; I missed the sheet before she was taken up; the pawnbroker has it; his name is Harrison.


                  THOMAS
                   MUMFORD
               



             sworn.
On the 2d of October I had the prisoner in custody; I searched her, and found a duplicate of a sheet, and I found who it belonged to, and sent for the woman.


                  THOMAS
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Harrison, in Tottenham-court-road; he is a pawnbroker; this sheet I took in to the best of my knowledge of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Terry
               



            , that is the prisoner.
Have you any doubt about it? - I cannot positively say; I had known her a good while before as a customer to the shop.
Cannot you tell who you made your ticket to? - No.
Mumford. This is the duplicate I gave in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Terry
               



            ; this duplicate I made myself; it is so long ago I cannot positively say who I made it to.
(The sheet deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was rather distressed for want of money, and she worried me for the money, and I took the sheet; she gave me warning to quit the lodgings; I asked her her objections she had to make; on Sunday morning I went to Swallow-street to a relation's; I staid there till Monday, and I was going to get the sheet, and her father stopped me, and said, I had been accused of theft, and took me directly before a Justice; there was nothing but the sheet; my intent was not to defraud her.
Court The moment you took another person's property out of the house, you committed a fraud.
Prisoner. I expect some people to speak for me from Swallow-street; I work in the neighbourhood; the prosecutor knows where I work, she recomended me.




               GUILTY
            .
She was humbly recommended to his Majesty's mercy.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
