






202. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of January
, one wooden box, value 6 d. five pounds of green tea, value 2 l. 10 s. two pounds of coffee, value 2 l. 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Palmer
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BERINGERS
               



             sworn.
I was going to the Inn with a small box of tea, and two pounds of Turkey coffee, and four small parcels with it in the box; last Wednesday night, on turning down Friday-street


, there was a man in a white apron and knot; he asked me if it was not almost time to leave work; and he asked me if I was going to the Saracen's-head Inn; I said, I was; he went down the gateway and I followed; he called out for John, the porter, I went down, he went over the way, and told me, this man in black, who was standing at the door, was the book keeper, but the door was not open; and said, here is a parcel: upon which the man in black swore, and said, why do you bring it so late? I cannot take it in; I said, then I'll take it back; however he put his hand in his pocket, and pulled out a key, and said, to 
               
                  John
                   Jones
               



            , here, take the key, and put it in the warehouse; I pulled out my book for him to sign it and enter the parcel, which I always carry with me, but he said, he had no pencil, nor pen and ink; he then went down the inn yard, and I followed him; the box was not there; I then saw Jones, and asked him where the box was; he said, he knew nothing of it; I collared him, and he told me the book keeper is gone; and I must take the parcel to his house; it was going by the Dorchester waggon.


                  TITUS
                   BEARCROFT
               



             sworn.
I am book keeper to the Dorchester waggon; I was at the warehouse; and all our men were loading the waggon at the time, they brought the prisoner down the yard.


                  ROBERT
                   KEY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came down the yard, and asked when the Plymouth waggon went out; and said, he had a truss going by the waggon.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went down the yard to ask when the Plymouth waggon went out; and I heard the porter
 say, he had lost a box of tea, and I should pay for it; and charged a constable with me; I know nothing of the man nor the box.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
