





773. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     LOCKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
 last, six cloth coats, value 40 s. one waistcoat, value 2 s. one ditto, value 5 s. one gown, value 5 s. one apron, value 3 s. one pair of sheets, value 12 s. one table-cloth, value 5 s. one handkerchief, value 1 s. one ditto, value 1 s. one shirt, value 4 s. and a pair of tea-tongs, value 4 s. and one rule, value 1 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Chinnery
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   CHINNERY
               



             sworn.
I am a land coal-meter
; I live at No. 6, Chick-lane


; at the time of the robbery, on the 27th of May, I went out about eleven in the forenoon, and returned about seven at night; soon after seven when I had returned, I found my apartments were broke open.
What apartments? - The apartments I keep for myself in the house in which I live, and I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, and many more.
How was it broke open? - I found the door wrenched, I was apprised of it, about two hundred yards before I came to the door.
Whose house is it? - I rent the house, and let it out in apartments, and live up one pair of stairs; on finding the door broke open, I went in, and I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, and many more.
Have you a list of them? - I have not got a list of them; I missed two great coats which were hanging up against the wainscot.
What was the value of them? - About 16 s. this coat which I have on, was on a chair in the room; I lost this; I value it at 6 s. there was a stone-coloured coat and waistcoat of the same cloth, worth 9 s. there was a silk and cotton waistcoat, worth 5 s. a buff coloured coat, worth 10 s. there was a brown coat, with a two foot rule in the pocket, worth 4 s. the rule worth 1 s. there were three dimity waistcoats, worth 9 s. three cotton gowns of my wife's, worth 15 s. a pair of silver teatongs, worth 4 s. when I came home, I found 
               
                  Sarah
                   Carter
               



            , (who was found guilty last sessions for stealing part of the things.) in the room, she and I went to search after them at a house over the water belonging to Mrs. Pritchard, where she said Pimlott was gone to; when we came there, Mrs. Pritchard said that the prisoner and Pimlott had been there, and that they were both gone out with bundles; I searched the house, but found nothing.
Mr. Peatt. Were all the things new or old? - All old, they had all been worn many times.


                  MARY
                   GOFF
               



             sworn.
I keep a house over-right to Mr. Chinnery's; son the 27th of May, I was in my one pair of stairs room, sitting at the window, and I saw the prisoner at the bar go out with a large bundle under his arm.
What time of the day was this? - Itmight be a little before or after six; I saw him go out of Mr. Chinnery's house.
How large a bundle was it? - It was like as though it was a taylor going to carry his work home; he was dressed in a blue coat with a round hat, and his apron tucked round him.
Had you ever seen the prisoner before? - I had seen the prisoner at the bar in Pimlott's room with 
               
                  Sarah
                   Carter
               



             that afternoon; Pimlott lodged there; I am very certain the prisoner is the man; Pimlott went out afterwards with another bundle.
Has he been brought to justice? - Yes; he has been transported, I believe.
But the prisoner at the bar is the person? - Yes; I hardly took much notice; I thought the people who owed rent to Mr. Chinnery, were getting as much property as they could off; just after, Pimlott came out with another bundle.
You did not give any information about it? - No.
Mr. Peatt. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? - Not to my knowledge.
What distance may your house be from Chinnery's? - My house stands as it were here, and his there.
Court. You had not seen the prisoner in Chinnery's room, but in another room in the same house, belonging to somebody else? - It belonged to Pimlott, it was up two pair of stairs.
Is it a street, or a court? - A street.
How wide? - As wide as from here to there.
Court to Chinnery. What day of the week was the 27th of May? - Whit-sunday.


                  ELIZABETH
                   PRITCHARD
               



             sworn.
On Whit-sunday in the evening, the prisoner and Pimlott came together to my house; the prisoner had a bundle under his arm; Pimlott said he had been to Blackheath to help 
               
                  Matthew
                   Lock
               



            , to fetch his things home; he had quarrelled at the pay-table, and left his work; 
               
                  Matthew
                   Lock
               



             put his bundle down, just by the door, and untied it, and Pimlott took the other off his shoulder, and Lock put the other parcel which Pimlott had into his bundle; then he tied it up, and said to Pimlott; Will, I ever did keep two coats to my back, and I could wish you to do the same; Pimlott said, I have got a coat, and 
               
                  Matthew
                   Lock
               



             said, Will take care you do not drop my rule; then he tied the bundle up again, and put both into one; and then as he was going away, he asked me to let him leave his bundle, as he said, it did not look well to carry it through the streets of a Sunday; Matthew Lock said, his boxes were coming to the Elephant and Castle, at Newington; in about half an hour they went away, and in about half an hour after that, Matthew came alone; and said, if I pleased he would take his bundle.
Had you the curiosity to examine the bundle? - I know nothing further; he took his bundle away, and bid me a good night.
Did you see the rule? - The bundle I never opened; I only heard him say to the other, take care you do not drop my rule.
Mr. Peatt. For aught you know, they might be assisting each other to bring these clothes from Blackheath? - Yes.


                  ELIZABETH
                   HACKET
               



             sworn.
Confirmed the evidence of the last witness, and deposed to same effect.
Prisoner. I beg leave to ask Mrs. Goff whether it was not the coat I have on now with the rule in it.
Goff. I cannot pretend to say whether it was or was not, he never opened it; he had a blue one on when he was there.
Prisoner. How could you see me come out of the house? - Very well, the front door is facing the door up the passage, and my window is fronting Mr. Chinnery's house, so that I could see every one that come out of the one door or the other. Chick-lane is a narrow-lane, and I could easily see.
Court. How was he dressed? - He had a blue coat on, with a round hat.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I and the prisoner Pimlott had worked together some years; for a week before the robbery, I had lodged with Pimlott in Chinnery's house, and laid in that room; I had laid all my tools up there, and some wearing apparel; I was up there on Whitsunday in the morning, and we was drinking together, and Pimlott told me he owed rent to Mr. Chinnery, and that he was going to seize on his things, and desired me to take mine away; I had a coat, I had the jacket I work in, and some shirts; I carried them to a Mrs. Eccles; this coat she put new sleeves in; she had it to mend; I had got it tied up in a bundle; I use a rule in my trade; I said Will, I do not know where to put them this afternoon; as you are going to work at Newington, says he, I know a place where you may leave them, accordingly we went over to Mrs. Pritchard, and there we left them, and I went almost directly afterwards, and fetched them away, and took them to my lodging at Mrs. Eccles's.
Court. Where does Mrs. Eccles live.
Prisoner. She lives in Stangate-street, as you go down to Westminster.
Is she here? - No, she is sick, and is a poor woman.


                  ANDREW
                   RULE
               



             sworn.
I am a spatterdash-maker; I live in the City-road; I have known the prisoner thirteen or fourteen years; his general character has been that of an honest man; I have not known him for the last twelvemonth, but for the last thirteen years before that, he bore a good character; his father is a plaisterer.




               GUILTY Of stealing the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
