





702. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GIBBS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st day of July
 last, one card, containing nine yards of black silk lace, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Hammond
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Esther 
                           Wilson
                        



                     
                  , privily in their shop
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   HAMMOND
               



             sworn.
My partner's name is 
               
                  Esther
                   Wilson
               



            ; I know the prisoner very well; I saw him in my shop the 31st of July, between twelve and one, taking a piece of ribbon out of the window; I asked him what he was going to do with it he said; he said, he wanted some shirt neck buttons; I said, you rather wanted a piece of ribbon, and as I came nigh to the window I missed a card of lace; it had lain in the window; I called my partner and shut the shop door, and told him to deliver the card of lace up; he denied having it, he went out and was pursued and brought back in three quarters of an hour; I am sure he is the same person; the lace was delivered to me by Milner; I have had it ever since.
(Deposed to.)


                  ELIZABETH
                   CORRAL
               



             sworn.
I live better than half a mile off the prosecutrix; I heard the cry of stop thief, and I looked out of my door, and this card of lace was tossed into the entry by the prisoner, I saw him take it out of his bosom and toss it into my entry; my husband stopped him.


                  JOHN
                   MILNER
               



             sworn.
Confirmed the above.
Prisoner. I went in to buy a card of lace, I pulled off my coat, and let her search all about me to convince her I had it not about me; I ran out of the shop for fear of being sent to gaol.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
