





117. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     LAWLER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault on the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Anderson
                        




                     
                  , on the 15th of November
 last, and putting him in danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, four guineas, value 4 l. 4 s. and one half-guinea, value 10 s. 6 d. and two half-crowns, value 5 s. his property
            .


                  GEORGE
                   ANDERSON
               



             sworn.
On the evening of November the 15th, about eleven o'clock, I was robbed, I was in the house of 
               
                  George
                   Williams
               



             in Cross Lane


, and the prisoner was in the house, when I paid for my beer I took out my purse, but recollecting I had some money in my other pocket, I put my purse in my pocket, and went out to make water, the prisoner followed me into the yard and took hold of me round the middle, and on her going away I suspected she had robbed me, and attempted to follow her, but she had fastened the door, I went in to the landlord and described her to him, and said, she had robbed me.
Court. Was you sober? - I was not drunk.
Are you sure it was in your pocket when you went out of the house? - Yes.
What was in it? - Four guineas and a half and two half-crowns pieces, I am sure that is the woman.


                  GEORGE
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I remember this man coming into my house, between eleven and twelve o'clock, and calling for a pint of beer, I took it to him, I saw the purse in his hand, he soon after went out and came in again, and said the woman had robbed him, he was not in liquor, there was other people in the house.


                  JACOB
                   FREEMAN
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner, I found nothing upon her.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was drinking a pint of beer, and the prisoner came and drank out of my beer, he said, he had a pint of beer coming and I should drink with him; I then went home, I never took any thing from him.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of putting in fear
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
