





581. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th day of June
 last, two pair of linen sheets, value 10 s. five linen table-cloths, value 12 s. nine shirts, value 3 l. four shifts, value 10 s. one petticoat, value 2 s. one dressing gown, value 2 s.
             the property of Sir


                     George 
                     Beaumont
                  




               
            , Baronet
.


                  JUDITH
                   STONE
               



             sworn.
I am Sir George's house-keeper; I delivered the linen to 
               
                  Harry
                   Hobson
               



             to carry to 
               
                  Sabella
                   Moor
               



             to wash; they were the things mentioned in the indictment.
(Repeats them all but the shifts and the dressing gown.)


                  HENRY
                   HOBSON
               



             sworn.
I received some linen from 
               
                  Judith
                   Stone
               



             to carry to 
               
                  Sabella
                   Moore
               



            , it was in a parcel, but here is the bill; going down Lower Brook-street, and opposite to No. 53, I was tapped on the shoulder by a genteel well-dressed man, who told me I was wanted, and turning to see who it was, a person stepped from the step of a door, and looked me full in the face, I thought it was somebody that knew me, but I found it was a stranger, he begged me to be so obliging as to fetch him a coach as I was going that way, he said he would give me sixpence, he never offered me any, as I was going away with the linen he came after me, and begged over and over again that he might have the linen to take into the house till I returned, as he was in a great hurry to take two ladies up that were to be set down in Henrietta-street, he took the linen off my head with a pretence to take it into the house, and I ran round the corner to call a coach, and returned in a few minutes, and I found he was gone.
Did you see him take the linen into the house. - No, he took them up to the door, I took him about five the same afternoon at the corner of Broad-street, Oxford-road; I never found the linen again; I am sure the prisoner is the person.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never saw the man till the minute he stopped me in Oxford-road.


                  SABELLA
                   MOORE
               



             sworn.
The linen never was brought to me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURT.
