






166. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MURPHY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of February
 instant, one leather bag, value 2 d. one canvas bag, value 6 d. and twenty-six pounds and three quarters of verdigrease, value 30 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Chapman
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Churchyard
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   CHAPMAN
               



             sworn.
I live at Queenhithe Wharf


, I am a drysalter

 and oil-man

, my partner's name is Churchyard; I lost a sack of verdigrease, it was taken away on Friday was week, there was twenty-six pounds three quarters; it was lost out of the cellar where it was usually kept, we had fifty sacks in a little time before; the prisoner was a porter
 of ours.
Court. Had he access to the cellar? - Yes.


                  FRANCIS
                   WALLIS
               



             sworn.
I am a cooper to the prosecutor; I had occasion to go down into the cellar, on Tuesday, the 11th of this month, as I was looking for an article, I saw a sack in a corner behind some oil pipes, I thought it had no business there; I weighed it in my hands, and as it was so heavy, I thought all was not right.
Court. Why? - I thought it was secreted there with intent to be taken away at night.
Whose sack was it? - My master's, there was verdigrease in it, I thought it might weigh about a quarter of a hundred; the next morning, while the prosecutor went to the Corn Market, Evans and me went and counted over the parcels which came in the day before, and there was but forty-nine, and we concluded that must be one; we cut a piece out of the sack, which I wrapped up, I put it into the place again, it was there till Friday a little before 12 at night; I went home before the other man, Evans.


                  OWEN
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
On the 11th of February, 
               
                  Francis
                   Wallis
               



            , cooper to Mr. Chapman called me down to the best of my knowledge, and I saw the parcel, and the next morning I cut a square piece out of the sack which the constable has; at night I sent the prisoner at the bar for a basket, every one was from below where the things were secreted, and he went out for the basket; and I took upon it he took the sack at that time; a little before eight the prisoner brought the keys into the compting house, and then he came into the upper warehouses, and says to one of the men, William, will you go? which struck me instantly that the parcel was gone.
Why so? - It did, because I never saw him up before; I said I was affraid we had a thief in the house, I went to see for the sack and it was gone; it may be from ten minutes to a quarter past eight when the man went out, and I went instantly after him; I had been in the cellar before in the course of the day, but I had not observed the place where the sack was; I informed Mr. Chapman it was gone, we went to the prisoner's lodgings, and took him up, and upon the stair-case we found the property; he lodged up one pair of stairs in a court on Saint Dunstan's-hill, at the house of one 
               
                  John
                   Thomas
               



            .
Court. Who was the man that he spoke to before he set out, and said let us go? - His name was 
               
                  William
                   Dawson
               



            , he lives with Mr. Chapman.
Where does he lodge? - He lives in Warwick Lane.
Court. Was this verdigrease when you found it laying open or hid any where? - It was open, any body might see it there, when we went he had company; I apprehend he had not an opportunity to take it in, and that he left it on the stairs; the constable has the bag.
Prisoner's Council. Is William subpoened to come here? - No.
He went out with this man? - Yes, they went down stairs, and went out of the gate as usual.
Could they have gone that way to the cellar? - No, neither of them could.

How many other lodgers are there in the house where the prisoner lives? - I do not know.
Is not it a common lodging house? - I do not know.


                  WILLIAM
                   CASSIDY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I went with Mr. Chapman the last witness, and one Mr. Pack to the prisoner's lodgings; we asked if he was at home, he was sitting on a chair, and said my name is Murphy; says I, I understand you have some goods confiscated here that are not your own; he said he had not; and I bid Evans call the gentleman up stairs, which he did; they said what is in this box; a young woman very freely opened the box, and we searched all round, and she opened a chest of drawers, and there I found a bag of pepper: the prisoner was going up stairs, I stopped him, and insisted upon knowing of the landlord whether he had any rooms up stairs; he said he might put any thing up stairs; they tumbled all down stairs together, and I followed them; they struggled, and I fell over them in the struggle, and Evans said, I have got what I wanted; he had the bag of verdigrease in his possession on the sill of the door in the court; we took the prisoner to the Compter.
Court. What occasioned that scuffle? - I cannot tell, nor who it was between, for the stair-case was so narrow, it was impossible for two people to pass.
Did you see where Evans took the bag from? - I cannot tell.
How did the prisoner get out of the house? - I do not know, the bag is here, and has been in my custody ever since I took it from the door.
Who gave it to you? - 
               
                  Owen
                   Evans
               



            .
(The verdigrease deposed to.)
Court. What occasioned the struggle? When we searched his room, the landlord came up, and I went up four or five stairs to search further, and the landlord followed me; but Murphy, who I looked upon was coming after us, instead of that ran down stairs, and Mr. Pack, happening to be on the stair case, catched him by the collar, and he tumbled down, and I look upon him, that he pulled Mr. Pack after him, and the constable, and Mr. Chapman followed.
Court. Was that parcel which you afterwards delivered to the custody of the constable the same that you found on the stairs? - Yes.
Mr. Chapman. My Lord, before I got quite down, the prisoner had disengaged himself from Mr. Pack, and he slipped his two arms out of his great coat, and ran away; I saw him run down the hill, and called out, Stop thief! and he was stopped on the keys of Billinsgate.
Prisoner's Council to Cassidy. Do you know this house where you found the things? - I cannot say I do.
Is not it a common lodging house? - I do not know.
You with all your attention could not find any thing but the pepper? - No, sir.
But 
               
                  Owen
                   Evans
               



            , he with a degree of joy, halloo'd out, I have found what I want now? - Yes.
Had they a candle? - No, there was no light at all upon the entrance of the door.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I leave it all to my council.


                  Edmund
                   Thomas
               



            . The prisoner's landlord deposed, that he had two other lodgers, and that there were two doors to the house, and that the street door which went up to the prisoner's apartment was open to the lodgers, or any body else to come in; he said, the prisoner had lodged with him almost two years, and bore a good character.
The prisoner called three other witnesses who gave him a good character.
Court to Smith. You are servant to Mr. Chapman? - Yes, I let the prisoner a nd Dawson out that night.

Did he carry any thing with him? - I did not see it.
If he had carried any thing out with him, must not you have seen it? - I must.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for 7 years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
