






387. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GLOVER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d day of April
, two cloth coats, value 3 l. one waistcoat, value 10 s. one apron, value 5 s. one neck handkerchief, value 3 s. one pocket book, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Wells
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  BENJAMIN
                   WELLS
               



             sworn.
I live in Warwick Place


. My servant had left some of my clothes in the passage, the door being left open to clean it, about nine they were gone; they were removed, I believe, by the servant; I generally take the key of the street-door up with me; but it was on the Saturday morning, and the girl was to clean the passage out, and I left it below; my clothes are frequently put there by the servant for the purpose of brushing them, but she had imprudently left the street-door open; the things I saw at eight disappeared before nine. I made some enquiry in the neighbourhood, and I found from a hackney coachman; I saw all the things at Bow-street on Monday, except the papers; a woman was in custody.


                  WILLIAM
                   RICHARDS
               



             sworn.
I was at the corner of Warwick-court, upon the stand, and the prisoner came by with these things, and seemed much confused; he came under a cart, came to my horses head, went on the off side, opened the coach door himself, and put the things in the coach; he bid me drive to Westminster as fast as possible; he was so confused, he could scarcely tell me; then I asked him to what part of Westminster, and he said to Duck-lane; I drove past the turning; I did not know it exactly; I stopped and asked him; he got out and took the bundle and called a woman to give him two shillings; he went into a house which an old lady kept; he asked where Nanny was, she said, she was up stairs; he called her down, and gave this bundle to her, and ordered her to give me two shillings; I looked through the fore glass all the way, and going along the Strand, I saw the prisoner take a pocket book from one of his breast pockets, and look over a many papers; then I immediately thought going along, this man may have things of a gentleman's of very great property; and I thought it was the best thing I could do to discover as soon as possible, and as soon as I him set down, I gave notice; in consequence of which, the woman was first apprehended; Sir 
               
                  Robert
                   Taylor
               



             went with me; I begged of him to go because we are fearful; I shewed him the house; I thought it belonged to some gentlemen's chambers; and I gave notice at the coffee-house; the prisoner is the man; I knew his face before; I have no doubt of him.


                  JOHN
                   SAYRE
               



             sworn.
I went to this house with Sir 
               
                  Richard
                   Taylor
               



            ; I found four or five people in the house; and I found these things that I now produce in the two pair of stairs; there were two women and a man in bed, that was just come out of prison; in consequence of the information of these girls, I apprehended Mrs. Brown; the prisoner was not there, about an hour or two after the prisoner came, and owned the property; the prisoner was taken in Bond-street two or three days after.
Did he ever say any thing about this matter? - No.
Mr. Wells. Here are two coats, the waistcoat, and pocket book; this I know to be mine.
Is there any particular description by which you know it? - This coat I have not yet looked at, but there is a piece of the button broken off, here it is, I believe the other coat to be mine, the pocket book I am sure of.
What may the value of those things be at a low valuation? - I do not wish to value them too high; twenty shillings.


                  FRANCES
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
The prisoner brought these things into the house with the coachman, and asked me to lend him a couple of shillings, he did not stop a minute in the place, he did not say how he came by them.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I was coming along on Monday morning, I met with that woman's husband with the things under his arm; and he asked me, knowing me, to take these things to his house, and he would pay me for it, accordingly I did so, and he bid me ask his wife for three shillings to pay for the coach; I have nobody to prove this, I have not been a long time out of the country.




               GUILTY, 20 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Court to Prisoner. In this case you probably owe your life to the lenity of Mr. Wells the prosecutor; you ought to discover where the papers are.
Prisoner. I know nothing of them.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
