





182. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DICKERSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
,one cotton handkerchief, value 12 d. one apron, value 2 s. two silk handkerchiefs, value 2 s. 6 d. one muslin apron, value 3 s. one handkerchief, value 1 s. one nankeen waistcoat, value 1 s. and two pair of stockings, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Tyler
                  




               
            .


                  JONATHAN
                   TYLER
               



             sworn.
I live in Brook-street, Ratcliffe


; I work at Squire Bowles's glass-house; my wife informed me of the loss of the things, on the 15th of December; the prisoner lived with me, I gave him board and washing, and lodging for eleven weeks; he told me he was robbed when he came from Greenland; I have had him three voyages; he is no relation to me; the prisoner was gone on board the Hawke Indiaman, and I went after him, on the 15th of December, between six and seven in the morning; he had been on board from the 10th, when he left my house, to the 15th; I knew where he was going, and I sent a man down with him to carry his things for him; I did not know of the loss of the things till the 14th, my wife was afraid to tell me; when I saw him, I beckoned to him; I said Charley, you are guilty of bad manners, let me have them; he said he had sold them out and out in Rag-fair.


                  MARY
                   TYLER
               



             sworn.
Deposed to the same effect, and found part of the things at the pawnbrokers.


                  SIMON
                   LATTER
               



             sworn.
Produced an apron, and cotton handkerchief, pledged with him by the prisoner.
(Produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am as clear of it, as God is of sin.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
