





601. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GRANT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
 last, a silk cloak, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Carver
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Norton
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   CARVER
               



             sworn.
I am a mercer

 in Oxford-street


, in partnership with 
               
                  James
                   Norton
               



            ; on the 25th of July last, about one o'clock in the day time, I missed a mode cloak from the outside of the door; and I went in pursuit of the prisoner, by information of a waterman, who said to me, I believe you aredone master; in Greek-street I saw some people assembled, and the cloak in the possession of Mr. M'Donald; I have kept it ever since.
(Deposed to.)


                  JOHN
                   LANGDON
               



             sworn.
On the 25th of July, about one, I observed a scuffle between a youth and a man; which, to the best of my recollection, is the prisoner and the witness M'Donald; and another man came nearer, vociferating that he had lost a cloak.
THOMAS M'DONALD sworn.
I am a stone-mason; going home from my dinner across Soho-square, on the 24th of July, at one o'clock, I saw the prisoner run towards me from Oxford-road, and two men; as they passed by me I saw the cloak; the hind most man said d - n your eyes, keep it up; and my partner said, pursue him, he has robbed somebody; I pursued the prisoner, and took him the corner of Hedge-lane, and brought him to Litchfield-street office; I found the cloak upon him, which I delivered to the justice; the other men made their escape.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming down Oxford-road of an errand, and in Charles-street I saw this cloak lay; I picked it up, and was going to run home with it.




               GUILTY
            .
He was recommended to mercy.




[Transportation. See summary.]


