





364. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     FONSECA
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of April
, a pattern book, containing twenty-fourbase metal coat buttons, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christian 
                     White
                  




               
            .


                  CHRISTIAN
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor
; I lost the metal buttons mentioned in the indictment, the value is 6 s. on the 16th of April, I came through Petticoat-lane


, there were a number of men collected together, as I came up they divided, and as I came to the wall, one of them stood against the wall with a stick and a knife in his hand; I looked at him, and the prisoner stole the book out of my pocket; I had some other things under my arm; I went to a neighbour and left my things; I went to the prisoner for my book; he blasted my eyes, and said, he would not give it me; I went and fetched the watch, and then the prisoner 
               
                  drew
               


             a knife out of his right hand pocket, and put it to my breast, and said, blast me, he would run me through; I am sure it was the prisoner; after he took the book, he held it up, and damned my eyes, and said, I was nothing but a taylor, I had nothing but buttons in my pocket; I had seen the prisoner, living in Spital-fields, nine or ten years; I remember him for two years past, but never was molested by him before.
TROMAS RICHARDS sworn.
I took charge of the prisoner; when I took him, a number of them came up to me, and asked me in a blasphemous manner, what the man had done; I insisted on his going with me; I suppose there were fifty or more rescued him, and with the loss of half his coat; I am sure it was the prisoner that was shewn to me by the prosecutor; I knew him exceeding well above all men in London.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going along Petticoat-lane, I passed by that gentleman; he said young man. I believe you have picked my pocket; I said, no; in a quarter of an hour he came back with the patrol and took me; we both struggled together, and I got away; the patrol saw me several times since, and did not take me; I had plenty of witnesses yesterday, but they thought my trial would not come on to day.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
