





460. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th day of May
, one piece of printed callico, containing twenty-one yards, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David Heron 
                           Pugh
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  DAVID
                   HERON PUGH
               



             sworn.
I live in Cheapside


; last Friday se'nnight; I lost a piece of printed callico; I believe the piece is mine.
WILLIAM FOX sworn.
I was crossing Cheapside, and going down Milk-street, on Friday the 11th of May; I saw this boy
 and two very suspicious persons behind him; this boy had a piece of print in his apron; being in the print line myself, I suspected this boy had no business with that piece of print; I looked very hard at him, and the two persons following him; we passed into Mitre-court, and one of the men following him, pushed against me, and I fell on one side, and I heard him say to this boy, run; I passed through a passage, and the two fellows held me between them; I told him I would knock him down, if he did not instantly let me pass, and the boy in that instant made off; I thought it was more proper to take the boy than the fellows; I ran after him and overtook him in Cheapside; I asked him how he came by that piece of print; he turned round with a degree of impudence, what is that to you? I said, I should take care of him, if he did not tell me how he came by it; as I was leading him by the arm to the Compter, he said, he found it; I left him in custody at the Compter, and took the property to my house, and sealed it; as there is a mark to every piece of print, we know where to apply in the trade for the printer; I went to the printers, and they informed me it was the property of Mr. Pugh, which was about ten yards from where I first saw the boy with the property in his hand; the men got off.


                  FRANCIS
                   CROXFORD
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Pugh; I cannot say when this piece of goods was lost; amongst the quantity we have, it is impossible; there is my mark on the piece in my own hand-writing; I saw it the day before; this is the very identical piece.
(
               
                  John
                   Clarke
               



             produced the piece, valued at three pounds.)

Court. Is your warehouse a part of the dwelling-house? - Yes, the dwelling-house is over it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Coming home from Whitechapel, I saw a man drop this on the ground, and I picked it up, and I was going to give it to the man, and they caught hold of me.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
