





517. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COYLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 6th of August
, six earthen plates, value 2 s. six cups, value 2 s. six saucers, value 2 s. a tea-pot, value 1 s. a glass tumbler, value 6 d. a milk-pot, value 1 s. a pint bason, value 6 d. and a mustard-pot, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I keep a Staffordshire and glass warehouse
 by the side of Fleet Market


; the prisoner was my servant
; he lived with me twenty-eight days, and I was losing all that time; on the 6th of August I was informed concerning him, that he was out with his pockets loaded; we took him up on suspicion, and took him to the Compter; he had a hearing before Alderman Sainsbury; he was remanded; we went in search of some of the property, and the second house we went to we found this property; it was at his washerwoman's; it was not concealed.


                  HANNAH
                   QUIN
               



             sworn.
I am but a poor widow woman that works for my living, washing and spinning; the prisoner brought me these things and made me a present of them; I cannot remember from time to time; it was about three weeks before the search; they were six cups and saucers and a tea-pot; he brought them at twice; I washed for him a couple of months, he owed me two shillings and two-pence.
The things produced and deposed to.


                  HUGH
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
I am a milkman; I saw the prisoner on Sunday morning on Snow-Hill, about a quarter before seven, the 3d of last month; his right pocket was quite full, and the top thing was a blue and white saucer; I cannot tell whether any of these are the things; I saw him the Friday before with a very large bundle, I do not know what was in it; on the Wednesday following I acquainted his master.
Prisoner to prosecutor. Pray what mark have you on those cups and saucers? - There is a mark on several of the things.
What particular marks? - There is no particular marks, only they are mine.
What marks exclusive of any other crockery ware?
Prosecutor. The plates were made by a man who never sent any to London but to me; I pay him about 400 l. a year for them plates and dishes.


                  BRIDGET
                   DUFFER
               



             sworn.
The prisoner brought these things and made them a present to my mother; I live in Black Swan Court, Golden Lane, in my own house; Mrs. Quin came to live with me; he brought them at twice; he brought the plates about eight in the morning, and the cups and saucers about the same time of the day.
Prisoner to prosecutor. Was not the door of the house locked, and did not your other man keep the key in his pocket? - No; it was only bolted, the lock was spoiled, and could not be used.
LEMON CASEBY sworn.
On the 6th of August last Mr. Davis came to me to take charge of the prisoner on suspicion, which I did; he had a hearing, and was remanded for the next day; I went with Davis to his washerwoman's, and found these things; he said, that morning he got up at six, and went to carry his linen; this is the property; the Alderman asked the prisoner how he came by them; he said he took them from his master,and meant to have brought them back again unknown to his master.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Those things I never stole, I bought them at different times as I went through the street, to make them a present to the woman; I should have bought them of my master, but I understood when I was going to live with him, that he would take no person who had any acquaintance in London; and the first question he asked me was, if I had any acquaintance; this man, who says he saw them in my pocket, came and told him; he took me on suspicion; I have no witnesses; I am quite a stranger, and therefore he is doing all he can to hurt me; he cannot swear to the goods.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
