






766. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PRESTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
 last, two saws, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bullen
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   BULLEN
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
; I lost two saws from Chelsea, from a house of Mr. Sanderson's, where I was at work, in Baron-street


; I lost them on Wednesday, the 16th of September, about ten o'clock in the morning: I saw the saws in Mr. White's hands, a carpenter; he is here.


                  ROBERT
                   SANDERSON
               



             sworn.
At one o'clock, the time of my going to see the men at work, I saw the prisoner in custody: I am a master carpenter; the last witness is my servant; the prisoner denied having the saws; I did not see the saws upon him.


                  JOHN
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter; I was at a publick house opposite Mr. Sanderson's shop, at dinner; I saw the prisoner go into the shop, pull back the spring lock, go up a ladder, and hoist up the latch of the shop door; he went into the shop; I saw him come down the ladder again, and stand directly opposite the publick house, with one of his hands down; we followed him; he crossed the way, pulled out one saw, and put it over a fence; when we came up to him, we asked him whether he was a chip, and wanted a job? he said, no; we asked him what he wanted in the shop; and I went forward, and found two saws over the fence; one was a small saw; I gave them to Bullen.
Bullen. I gave them to the constable; he is not here; his name is 
               
                  Joseph
                   Feltham
               



            : I brought the saws here; I received them from Feltham this morning, in my master's presence.
Sanderson. I saw him receive them.


                  FRANCIS
                   WEDDON
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter; I went to dinner at twelve; and between twelve and one, I saw the prisoner open the gate and go up into the shop; (speaks to the same effect as White) I carried the saw to the justice's; White gave it me.


                  JOHN
                   BURTON
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter; I was at the publick-house; (speaks to the same effect as White.)
(The saws deposed to by the prosecutor, one having his name, and the other a cross, made with an awl, on the handle.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Not guilty, my lord; I had been to Little Chelsea, and they took me.
Prosecutor. The saws were marked before the justice, with ink, before they were delivered to the constable.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
