





539. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WRIGHT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 6th of May
, two-hundred and eighteen pounds weight of lead, value 40 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rothwell
                        




                     
                  , fixed to a certain building there situate
            , against the statute.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROTHWELL
               



             sworn.
On the 6th of May, I was informed there was a person in custody, that was supposed to have robbed a house of mine in Sloan-street, Chelsea


, the house had been robbed of near six-hundred weight of lead, they cut the middle, and pulled the sides down into the gutter, they likewise stripped the dormer windows, they wrenched the nails out, and took the lead away, the lead was afterwards found; we went to the places where the lead had been stripped from, and compared, and found it fitted, I sent for a professional man, a plumber, the lead fitted to the zig zag form.


                  JOHN
                   DANDY
               



             sworn.
On the Thursday morning the 6th of this month, I stopped the prisoner about twenty minutes after four, in Sloan-square, Chelsea, he was coming from the buildings with another man, he had this basket on his head, and another man had the knapsack on his back, there were three pieces of lead in the basket about a hundred weight, I took him to the publick house and left him there, and the basket was opened, and the three pieces of lead taken out, I saw the lead fitted to the place, I carried it up and it fitted it exactly, that was the Monday morning, it was the same lead I took from him.
Prosecutor. The watchman by my desire put his own name on the lead, and it has been at my house ever since.


                  RUBEN
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I am a Plumber, it fitted the place exactly, it was very plain to me, I measured the lead and the gutter, and it answered, I have no doubt it was taken from there.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to Knightsbridge, a man had that basket on his head, and he threw it down, and I was carrying it home with an intent to advertise it.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
