





681. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RICHARDSON
                  



               
             was indicted for burglariously and 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Evan 
                           Law
                        



                     
                  , Esq
; on the 5th of June
 last, and burglariously stealing one shirt, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Burr
                        



                     
                  ; one silk cloak, value 30 s. and two silver spoons, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Trewen
                        



                     
                  ; and a tea spoon, value 3 s. the property of the said 
                     
                        Evan
                         Law
                     



                  , Esq; and three tea spoons, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Christian
                        



.
The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   BURR
               



             sworn.
I was servant
 to Mr. Law; I remember the morning we were alarmed, which was between the hours of five and six, nearer six, on the 5th of June in the morning, I went to bed last, and I saw the doors secured, I did not look at the windows, it was the window where the prisoner got into; the footman was up before me, when I came into the hall I saw the prisoner, and the man who stopped him had a shirt of mine in his hand.


                  THOMAS
                   HALSEY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Lord Bewley; I was doing my work, and heard the alarm of stop thief! I saw the prisoner come running down the dead wall of the Duke of Devonshire's, and I saw him pull out some spoons as I took them to be, and he threw them over the wall into the Duke of Devonshire's gardens, then I saw him pull out a black cloak as it seemed to me, and something white, and he threw them over likewise, and as he came nearer to me he pulled out a new shirt out of his pocket, and was going to throw it over, which I prevented by laying hold of him, and stopping him with a fork which I had in my hand, I apprehended and took him, till 
               
                  Charles
                   Adams
               



             came up, who is Mr. Law's coachman.
When you stopped him, what did he say? - He begged for me to let him go, he said he was not the man, the other man stole the things.
Did you charge him with any thing? - No, I heard the cry of stop thief! and I stopped him, and he begged me to let him go; he said the other man had stole the things, he was not the person that took them; I am sure the prisoner is the man; we took him to Mr. Law's, and the family came down in their shirts, and I shewed him the shirt.
Prisoner. I wish to ask him, whether, when he first saw me, he did not see me pick the bundle up or not? - No, I saw him pull the things out as I mentioned before:
Court. Shall I ask him any more questions? - It is needless for me to ask him any more questions, after what he has sworn.
(The shirt deposed to, being not finished, and no buttons on the collar; it was in the kitchen drawer on the dresser.)
Court. What time was this in the morning? - About ten minutes before six.

When did you see the shirt before? - Not for two or three days before.
What is the value of the shirt? - Ten shillings.


                  THOMAS
                   GOSS
               



             sworn.
I found these silver spoons in the Duke of Devonshire's gardens, on the morning of the robbery, I went to see for them; they have been in my possession ever since.


                  SARAH
                   FREWEN
               



             sworn.
I am cook
 and house-keeper
 to Mr. Law, (deposes to two of the spoons marked S.) I saw them on the over night, they were kept in a drawer in the kitchen dresser; this spoon is my master's.
What are the value of these spoons? - My master's is two shillings, and mine is three shillings; the black cloak is mine, it was found in the Duke's garden.
What is that worth? - Thirty shillings.


                  DAVID
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
I found a black cloak and handkerchief, and gave it to Mr. Law.
Whose possession has it been in? - It has been in Mr. Law's possession, I believe it to be the same.
Court. You cannot give evidence of that.


                  ELIZABETH
                   CHRISTIAN
               



             sworn.
I am servant
 to Mr. Law, these two are my spoons.
Prisoner. I have this to say in my defence, that going through Grafton-street, I believe it might be about half past five in the morning, I was alarmed with the cry of stop thief! it founded from this house, I looked down there, and saw a man attempting to get out of the area, I jumped upon the top of the area, immediately he sprung away, I run after him, at the bottom of Hay Hill he dropped or threw away part of the things, I went to catch at the shirt; it was obvious to several people as well as myself that I was not the person; there was a gentleman that gave me his word that he would come and appear for me.


                  PETER
                   SHIELD
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer, I was going to work about a quarter before six in the morning, I saw this prisoner and another man jump over the palisades of the area, and I heard the coachman below cry out stop thief! I pursued them, my Lord Bewley's second coachman stopped them.
Did you see the prisoner in pursuit of the other man? - No, I did not, I saw the men jump over together, and run as fast as they could.
Not one pursuing the other? - Not as far as I could know.
Court to Prisoner. Would you ask any questions of this witness?
Whether he did not see me jump over the rail, and the other man spring over the rail? - I could not discern which came first over the rails, or which was first running.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, to the value of 20 s. but not of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
