





250. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th day of January
 last, a scarlet cloth cardinal, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Towseland
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   TOWSELAND
               



             sworn.
I am a shop keeper
 at Acton; on the 13th of January I came to Knightsbridge in a little cart I borrowed of a neighbour; in the bottom of the seat I put a scarlet cloth cardinal belonging to my wife; I came to Mr. Blundel's door, a haberdasher in Holborn


; I saw the cloak in the seat when I got up; I put a roll of black silk under the cloak; a little boy called to me, and told me my cart was robbed; I came to the cart and found the cloak was gone; Mr. Lowrie came out of Field-lane, and told me, he knew the man that stole the cloak, and if I would be quiet they would find the man; I followed the prisoner up Field-lane, and got a constable.


                  FRANCIS
                   MOORE
               



             sworn.
I am an errand-boy to Mr. Goodson, in Change-alley; I lived with him four years; on Saturday the 13th of January, between twelve and one, I was opposite Field-lane, I saw the prisoner in company with two others, I went and stood opposite to Field-lane; I had a suspicion; I heard the prisoner whisper to the other two and the prisoner went to the cart; they were close by me; he said something to the boy, but what I could not hear; the boy immediately got upon the step of the cart; I saw the other boy put his hand in, but I did not see him take any thing out; the prisoner went and put his hand into the cart, and pulled out a scarlet cloak.
What coloured cart was it? - It was a pleasure cart; it was green I think.
What did he do with the cloak? - He ran across the way with it.
What did you do? - I went into Messrs. Stafford's and Blundel's shop to the prosecutor, and told him that a man had stole a cloak out of the cart; the prisoner was taken in half an hour after in Field-lane; I saw him after; I am sure he is the man.



                  JOHN
                   LOWRIE
               



             sworn.
I keep a chandler's-shop in Field-lane; on the 13th of January I saw the prisoner running into Field-lane, with something red under his arm, and several people following him; I advised the prosecutor not to run after him without a constable, for fear of being injured.


                  JAMES
                   HATTON
               



             sworn.
I live at the corner of Field-lane; I saw the prisoner run down Field-lane, with something red under his arm, between twelve and one o'clock.
- SPILSBURY sworn.
I am shopman to Messrs. Blundell and Stafford; I only know that one of the witnesses came into the shop, and informed Mr. Towseland a man had robbed his cart.
Prisoner. He offered me money.
Court to Mr. Towseland. Did you offer the prisoner any money? - I never did, upon my oath, I never made him any promise whatever; I gave him sixpence when the constable was taking him to prison; after the alderman committed him fully; he said he should be stripped of his things for garnish.
Prisoner. He offered to let me go if I would give him the property.
Prosecutor. That is not true.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
