





748. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     DALTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th day of September
 last, fourteen linen handkerchiefs, value 14 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Earle
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   EARLE
               



             sworn.
I am a linen-draper
 in the Strand


, on Monday the 12th of September I lost fourteen linen handkerchiefs, between the hours of five and six in the evening; the prisoner was in the shop when I came into the shop, I saw something about her hands and cloak as she went out of the shop, and I suspected her.
Court. Did you see her put any thing under her apron or cloak? - No, I cast my eye on a pile of pocket handkerchiefs, and observed it appeared as if some of them were gone, the top one appeared to be moved out of its place, I then stepped after her, she was then got about twenty yards from the door, I tapped her upon the shoulder, and begged her to come back, she came back, I desired her to sit down, then she run out again; says she, what business have you to desire me to stay here, or words to that effect; I pursued her, she ran very fast, and was got some distance before I could catch her, then I took her to the beadle's, and he examined her, and found nothing upon her.


                  JOHN
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
I happened to be coming across the street, I walked pretty fast, and I met this young woman full-butt; and in the meantime, the gentleman came up and tapped her on the shoulder, and told her to come back to the shop; while she was turning back, I saw these handkerchiefs drop from her, I picked them up, and followed with them, and gave them to Mr. Earle in the shop, and I thought she had bought them and lost them.
Prosecutor. These are the handkerchiefs that the black brought, some we charge at three shillings, and these eleven linen handkerchiefs were thrown down an area where she ran by; they were in the shop when she was in it, I put them in the window in the morning myself.


                  JANE
                   HOLLOWAY
               



             sworn.
I saw these handkerchiefs tumble down the area, but I did not see who threw them; I live about a hundred and twenty doors off.
Court to Prosecutor. In your pursuit of this prisoner, did you pass Mrs. Holloway's house? - Yes, I suppose twenty yards.


                  DANIEL
                   WILLIS
               



             sworn.
I was in the shop between five and six in the afternoon, this woman came in, and asked to look at some lawns, while I was shewing her some, I saw her with her hand in her pocket as if she was putting something under her apron.
Did you see these handkerchiefs in the shop at that time? - No, not at that time, I saw them in the morning, I did not miss them at that moment, I suspected her, and I kept her in suspence as long as I could, till somebody came into the shop; she told the price of some lawn, I told her it was two shillings and two-pence; she asked me to take two shillings. I told her I would cut her half a yard for one shilling; she went out of the shop, and my master brought her back, and she went away again, and the black brought the handkerchiefs.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am sure I am innocent, I do not know who might take them out.
Prosecutor. I put them in the window in the morning, I do not recollect they were shewn to anybody.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave her a very good character.




               GUILTY Of stealing, to the value of 3 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
