






345. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     COLE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st day of April
, nine pair of men's worsted stockings, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Griffith 
                     Humphrys
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Humphrys
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   HUMPHRYS
               



             sworn.
I am a linen-draper and hosier

, in partnership with my father 
               
                  Griffith
                   Humphrys
               



            , No. 27, Shoreditch


. On Saturday evening, the 1st of April, having been out about ten minutes, I was informed, on my return, that two shop-lifrers had been at the shop; I ordered the shop to be shut up, and standing at my door, I was informed the two girls were gone into another haberdasher's just by, and I heard the prisoner Johnson say to the other, it will not do; so they went on a few doors farther, and they stopped suddenly, and Johnson said to the other, let us go back: after a pause of about a minute or two, they turned round; I let them pass me, and as they passed me, she said, I will buy, but God bless you, mind you are not seen; I concluded from that they were going into the haberdasher's shop, and I intended to watch them; but they passed it, and went into my shop, and the prisoner Johnson asked to look at a piece of cloth she saw when she was there before; she was shewn it, and made no difficulty about the price or quality, but upon the quantity; at last, she determined on buying a yard and a quarter of it; there were some printed cotton stockings lay upon the counter; I did not see either of them take any thing; Johnson paid, and they went out together, but I suspected Cole to have something, and I observed her to make a move with her arm, as if she wanted to throw something away, and she let fall a parcel of stockings, nine pair, with my mark upon the paper; I am sure of the property.


                  Evan
                   Price
               



            , the shopman, deposed to the same effect, as to the prisoners coming into the shop the first and second time, and that 
               
                  Mary
                   Johnson
               



             asked to look at some cloth, and the prisoner Cole in the mean time turned herself about, and leaned her back against the other counter opposite, where were a parcel of stockings; she stood there about half a minute, and after that she moved herself from there, and came nearer to him, and then he could see a parcel which afterwards proved to be the one produced; he saw the side of it under her cloak, as she was shifting it to get it more out of sight, but he did not see enough of it to know what it was; but her manner of concealing it gave him a suspicion; they went out of the shop together, side by side, and he afterwards saw the parcel drop from the prisoner Cole.
The prisoners both denied the charge.
The prisoner Cole called one witness to her character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
