





421. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GOUGH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting, on the King's high-way, 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hull
                        




                     
                  , on the 10th of May
, putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. 6 d. his property
            .


                  JOHN
                   HULL
               



             sworn.
I was robbed the 10th of May in Rosemary-lane


; I was going home, and the prisoner met me and asked me to go home with her; I asked her for what; she said to lay with her; I said she was too little; she said not; and she took hold of my collar with one hand, and whipped off my handkerchief with the other, and ran down the alley; I could not prevent her, she took me all of a sudden, she whipped it off my neck, and ran away; I told some other girls that were just by, nobody was present but these two girls, and they fetched a great oath and said, d - n her, they believed nobody passed but what she robbed; I never saw the girl before to my knowledge; it was moon-light, and the lamps were by the place, the moon shone very bright; I went down the next morning to the Blue Anchor, and enquired for the runner, and told him of the robbery; she was taken on the Tuesday morning, the handkerchief was not found upon her, but I have it in my pocket; she had sold it, this is the handkerchief, the person to whom she sold it cannot be found.
How did you get the handkerchief again? - The officer got it.


                  MARY
                   HULL
               



             sworn.
This is my property, I am his wife, my husband had it about his neck that night.
- BROWN sworn.
I had information on the Monday morning from the prosecutor, I asked him if he knew the person that robbed him; he said her name was Bet Gough, as two girls told him; he asked me if I knew her; I said yes, she lives not a hundred yards from our office; I went after her that day with another of our people, the next morning I took her out of bed; I did not find the handkerchief upon her, but one of our people that is here now, got the handkerchief afterwards, by her information I suppose, I cannot tell how.


                  JAMES
                   PRIEST
               



             sworn.
When the woman was locked up in the lock-up-place, I spoke to her, and asked her whether she had robbed the man of his handkerchief; she told me she had done it, and gave it to one 
               
                  Joseph
                   Croft
               



             to sell in Mill-yard, and that he sold it to one Mrs. Squires for fifteen-pence.
Did you make her any promise to induce her to tell you this? - No, I went to Mrs. Squires, and she went up Rosemary-lane with me; there I saw a woman selling a parcel of handkerchiefs; Mrs. Squires asked the woman for the black silk handkerchief, and the woman pulled it out of her apron, and the Justice ordered me to give it to the prosecutor.




               GUILTY, Of stealing only
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.




[Transportation. See summary.]


