





193. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MURPHY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of February
 eleven pieces of woollen cloth, called morine, containining two hundred and sixty-four yards, value 18 l. and one piece of canvass called a wrapper, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Atkinson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Haydock
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   ATKINSON
               



             sworn.
I can only prove the property, I lost it on Saturday the 21st, I live at No. 56, Lothbury


; I am a warehouseman
; they were delivered to a porter to carry to John Dyer's press, I did not see them delivered, my servant delivered them.


                  JOSEPH
                   COOPER
               



             sworn.
I am a Mr. Dyer's porter, he is a hot-presser in Monkwell-street; I received eleven pieces from Mr. Wilson, Mr. Atkinson's servant, I tied them up, and took them out of his house, and carried them to the pitching-block in King street; there I rested myself; I had been there a little while, there came a man with a load, and I turned back to help him to pitch his load on the block, that he might rest himself; in the mean while I thought I heard a foot behind me, and I turned as quick as I could, and my load was gone, and a man coming by hearing me say I had lost my load, said there it goes; says I, that is my load; and I pursued him, and near Laurence-lane he dropped it, I do not know who the man was that dropt it; I saw a man go from the load, but I cannot say who it was. I saw him after he was taken, but I took to my load. I cannot say that the man that was taken was the same man that took my load, I was too much flurried. The prisoner is the man that was taken; I believed at the time he was taken that he was the man that took my load. I now believe that the prisoner at the bar is the man that had my load on his back. I have no doubt about it.
Court, by prisoner's request. Did you see the prisoner put it on his back, or take it away? - No.
Or throw it off his back? - Yes, my Lord, I did see him throw it in St. Lawrence-lane, about five yards from the post.

Court. Whose goods were those? - Mr. Atkinson's and Co. I believe Mr. Haydock is the partner.
- WILKINSON sworn.
I was going to the Post-office on Saturday evening the 21st. About half after six I met the prisoner with a load opposite St. Lawrence Church; he was running as fast as he could; I suspected it was stolen from the block, because he was coming in a direct line from the pitching-place; I came up to the block, and this man (Cooper) said, Oh! my load is gone. Well, says I, there it goes; and I shewed it him; so we pursued him up Cateaton-street, and the prisoner let the load fall in Cateaton-street; Mr. Cooper took the load up, and I pursued the man; he went about ten yards, then turned about, and came a few yards before I took hold of him; I delivered him to Mr. 
               
                  Dixon
               


             the constable.
The package produced, and believed to be the same by Wilkinson.
NIXON sworn.
I am a constable; I received the package from Mr. Wilkinson, and took charge of the prisoner, by the direction of Wilkinson and Cooper; these are the things, I sealed them up, and have had them ever since.
Deposed to by Mr. Cooper.
Prosecutor. These are the property of me and 
               
                  James
                   Haydock
               



            ; they are the same that Cooper received from my warehouse.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming from Queenhithe, and coming down Lawrence-lane, I heard the cry stop thief, and the man took hold of me. I know nothing more of it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
