





479. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     FARRELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wright
                        




                     
                  , on the 18th day of May
, about the hour of one in the night, and burglariously stealing therein one woollen petticoat, value 12 d. a tablecloth, value 12 d. two napkins, value 12 d. four linen pin-cloths, value 12 d. one shift, value 12 d. one linen waistcoat, value 12 d. two aprons, value 12 d. one muslin handkerchief, value 6 d. one linen towel, value 6 d. and one child's linen frock and skirt, value 2 s. his property
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I live in East Smithfield


; I have one child; me and my wife went to bed together; I have no servant.
What lodgers have you? - One; we were all in bed.
Were all the doors and windows safe? - Yes; I got up at five in the morning, or a little before, to go to work; when I came out of the door, I found the shutters of the kitchen window wide open.
Were the shutters broke? - No, they were not broke; they were wrenched open; there are two shutters, and a pin goes in the center, and fastens them; they were pulled one from another, and I found the pin in one place, and the key in another, on the ground; I went in again to my wife, and the things were all gone off the line, except two little child's shirts; my wife had been washing them; they were on the line over night; my wife went to the office, and found the things that had been stripped.


                  SARAH
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I lost several articles; there was a shift and waistcoat, a child's frock, a tablecloth, two napkins, a towel, two pin-cloths, and two coloured aprons; they had been in the kitchen the night before, on the lines; I went to the office afterwards, and gave information, and was told the things were stopped; I examined them, and found they were my property; my property was in possession of the constable of the night; his name is 
               
                  Peter
                   Mayne
               



            ; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  PETER
                   MAYNE
               



             sworn.
It was my night at the watch-house on Friday night last; I went to take a turn round the parish, and I met the prisoner; knowing her, I stopt her, and asked her what she had in her apron; it might be about two o'clock; I met her in Blue-anchor-yard; that is not above ten minutes walk from the prosecutor's house; then I asked her what she had in her apron; she immediately let this property fall; I took them up, and asked her where she got them? she said, at the other end of the town; I locked her up in the watch-house; the next morning, I heard the prosecutor's house had been broke open; I went down, and I fitted this poker, which exactly fitted the place in the shutter and there were two panes of glass had been cut out, to open the casement; the prisoner had this poker upon her; it was tied up in her apron, with the property; here is every article mentioned in the indictment; the poker fitted exactly where the shutter closed.
Do you mean to say there was a hole that fitted? - Yes; it was where the shutter closed; the impression was not half an inch long.

(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been at Billingsgate that day, and bargained for three baskets of fish; I came away, and left them; coming over Tower-hill, I picked up this bundle, and this bit of iron in it; coming along Blue-anchor-yard, I met Mr. Mayne; he swears it was two; it was half after four when he took me; he said, Bett, this is forty pounds for me.
Court to Mrs. Wright. Which of you was last up that night? - We both went to bed together; our lodgers were gone to bed; it is a man and his wife; I am positive they were gone to bed, because I was the last person that fastened the street-door, and I know nobody went out afterwards: I desired my husband to shut the window: I did not see him shut it: it was fastened: the pin and the key were within side.
Is there any bar? - No.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
