





436. 
               
                  
                     SOPHIA 
                     LUNT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d day of April
, twelve yards of muslin, value 36 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Farrow
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   FARROW
               



             sworn.
I am a tambour worker
, on Wednesday the 22d of April, I lost twelve yards of muslin; the prisoner was a weekly servant
 to me; I never saw the property on the prisoner; I took her from my house before she was discharged from my service.


                  JAMES
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
I am an officer at Mr. Staples's; on the 24th of April, the prosecutor came and said he had a person in custody who had stole some muslin; I went with him, and she told me she had sold it for 13 s. to Mr. Eaton, who keeps an iron shop in Cable-street, Rosemary-lane.
Court. Did she say who it belonged to? - She said to the person she lived with, she did not say his name.


                  MARY
                   FARROW
               



             sworn.
I am wife of the prosecutor; on the Wednesday morning the prisoner came, and I desired her to clean the kitchen, and then go up and clean the garrets, and give her the key of the room where the muslin was, to clean the room; it was in a drawer, I missed it in about ten minutes; I did not see her till the Friday after; this was on the Wednesday.
Had she been in custody when you saw her? - Yes, she was in custody then.
Have you ever got the muslin from Eaton's? - No.
Court to Farrow. Had she the key of the room with her? - No, she left it in the door.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I did not confess any thing about it; I went to this place about six o'clock in the morning and staid till three o'clock in the afternoon; I went up stairs to make the bed and could not unlock the door, and left the key in and went away.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
