





709. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th day of August
, one pewter pint pot, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dodson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   DODSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Bishopsgate-street


; I lost a pint pot; the prisoner was in my house on Friday the 25th of August, she called for a pennyworth of beer, then she wanted cyder; she went away; she appeared to be very much in liquor; I did not miss the pot till I was sent for to another house.


                  WALTER
                   PROSSER
               



             sworn.
The pot that Mr. Green gave to me is the same I shewed to Mr. Dodson; it has been in my possession ever since.


                  JOHN
                   GREEN
               



             sworn.
I found all these pots in a market basket, with the prisoner at the bar, under an old coloured apron.
(Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. A woman asked me to carry the basket.


                  GEORGE
                   PONTIN
               



             sworn.
I am a baker; between twelve and one, I was coming up Bishopsgate-street, this woman lay under a window, by the sign of the White Horse, with a basket under her arm, with a cloak over it; the basket was in her possession under her cloak.



               GUILTY
            .
Court. Has not the prisoner been here several times before? - Yes, several times before.
Court. The practice of stealing pots is grown to a great extent, and the publicans sustain very heavy losses; I have therefore long thought it would be right to set some example of severity in the punishment, in order to deter others from going on at that rate, and there cannot be a better time to set that example, than when we have an old offender before us; therefore the sentence of the Court upon you is, that you be




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
