






457. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MINTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of March

, one quart pewter pot, value 16 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Furmage
                  



               
            .
And 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     FLETCHER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .
The witnesses examined separate.


                  THOMAS
                   FURMAGE
               



             sworn.
I keep a public-house
 in Glanville-street



, I lost a quart pot the 21st of March.


                  EDWARD
                   LUCAS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of St. Giles's, I stopped Minton with a pewter pot under his coat, on the 21st of March, I think it was on a Tuesday; I marked the pot at the bottom, the prisoner Minton told me where he was going to sell it, the Magistrate sent us with the prisoner Minton to see where he sold it, I was at the door, I stopped him as he came out; he said he sold it for sixpenny-worth of halfpence, there are the halfpence that he sold it for.
Into whose house did he go? - Into the house of the prisoner Fletcher; and as soon as he came out, I went in; he carried in the pot, and brought out sixpenny worth of halfpence, and said he had sold it for them; Fletcher keeps an old iron shop.
Prosecutor. The value is sixteen-pence.
Lucas. I went to Fletcher, and told him I believed he had got the pewter pot that the boy had brought in just now; he said he had not; I said, I am afraid you have; and looking to the fire, I found this shovel on the fire; not seeing the pewter pot, I searched the wife, and found this pint pot; there was a kind of a forge, and I found the quart pot in the fire; I took him to the Magistrate, and left him there, and came back to search the house further, and found these pieces of pewter; I left a man that assisted me, till I returned; the Magistrate said to Minton, that he would shew him all the favour he could, if he would find the receiver.
Prisoner Fletcher. Whether he did not ask me what money I would give him to make up this affair? - No such thing; no conversation of that kind.
Who was the Magistrate? - Mr. Walker, in Hyde-street, Bloomsbury.


                  GEORGE
                   MEECHAM
               



             sworn.
I belong to Mr. Walker's; I was with Lucas, and we met Minton, and took this quart pot from under his coat; we took him to the office, and Mr. Walker said he should like to find out the people that bought these things; and the prisoner Minton said, I will tell you where; and we went with him to the prisoner Fletcher, in Newtoner's-lane; he went to Fletcher's, and was in about a couple of minutes, and came out with sixpenny worth of halfpence in his hand; he shewed them to me, and I gave them to Lucas; Mr. Walker promised the prisoner Minton some favour, on account of discovering the receiver; I saw him take in the pot under his coat; we watched at some distance; then Lucas and I went into the back yard, and there I saw a forge, and a frying-pan atop of it; I did not find any thing in the fire; I staid in the shop, while Lucas searched in the backyard, and I saw Lucas take a pint pot out of the woman's pocket; I believe this is the same; then Lucas called out to me, I have found a quart pot; I looked, and I saw it was the same pot that the boy had in his hand before; and in a basket in the shop was this melted pewter; and I took Fletcher up to the Magistrate.
Do you know any thing of the value of this pewter pot? - I cannot say that I do.
Prisoner Fletcher. Ask him what passed when Mr. Lucas took me into the parlour.
Did you, or Lucas, offer to make it up for a sum of money? - God bless you, it is totally false; nothing of the kind; Mr. Lucas called him in, and told him the Justice was going to take it up on a particular act of parliament, and the penalty was twenty shillings.
(The pot deposed to.)
What do you give for such a pot, when it is new? - Seventeen-pence.
Is that the same value as a new pot? - It is as good as a new one.
What do you value it at? - At sixteen pence.
Court. Now, upon the oath you have taken, what is the value of that, to be sold? - It is worth that to me.
Prisoner Fletcher. What did you first value it at? - At ten-pence; but the Justice told me I must value it at more.
PRISONER MINTON'S DEFENCE.
I found the pot in the street, on the side of the pavement; nobody was by.
PRISONER FLETCHER'S DEFENCE.
This young man will tell you, how they promised him; this other prisoner came into my house; I was going up stairs to work; I did not know any thing about it; Lucas promised him his liberty, provided he would sell this pot to me; so the men went backwards, unknown to me; I never bought it, nor saw it, nor any thing of the kind; they promised the prisoner Minton his pardon, and a reward, or he would not have done it; he will tell you so.


                  HENRY
                   VINCENT
               



             sworn.
I am a house-keeper, I live at No. 117 in Swallow-street; I am silver spur-maker to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and several others; I have lived there six years; I have known the prisoner 
               
                  Fletcher
               


             I may say twenty years, but for these last six or seven years in particular, he has done a great deal of business for me; he makes spur-rowels for me; he is of that business; he was apprentice to it; he can work at Smith's work; but that is his real business; he keeps an old iron shop in Newtoner's-lane.
Did he live there in March last? - Yes.
You know he keeps that shop? - Yes.
Is he a married man? - Yes; and has three or four children.
Does his wife live with him? - Yes.
Did she live with him in March last? - Yes; he is an honest, hard-working man.
(The prisoner Fletcher called another witness, who gave him a very good character.)
Prisoner Minton. Justice Walker's men offered me my liberty, if I would go down to Fletcher's.


                  WILLIAM
                   MINTON
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .





               Fined 1 s.
             and discharged.


                  CHARLES
                   FLETCHER
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
