





618. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TUCKER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Allen
                        




                     
                  , widow
, about the hour of one in the night, of the 15th of July
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, eleven live tame geese, value 44 s. a live tame duck, value 18 d. two hempen sacks, value 2 s. two linen cloths, value 6 s. one iron scraper, value 2 d. a hair brush, value 2 d. a wooden shovel, value 2 d. her property
            .


                  MARGARET
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
I am a widow, and chimney-sweeper
; I live at Hampstead


; I keep a house there; it is my house; I rent it myself; I went to bed about eleven o'clock, on the night of the 14th of July last; I have two boy-servants, and myself; the geese were in the stable; there were eleven of them; and I locked them up at half past seven; I counted them before I locked them up; I locked up the duck in a closet, adjoining to the chimney in the dwelling-house; she had young ones; and I brought her in because of the warmth; the two sacks were in an out-house; I put them there the same evening; the two chimney-cloths were along with the sacks in the out-house; the brushes and shovels were in the outhouse with the rest of the tools.
Is the out-house under the same roof as the dwelling-house? - It is, and there is a door to the out-house without going through the dwelling-house; so is the stable; there is a door which goes from the dwelling-house to the out-house; I shut the house before I went to bed; I had shut the door with a bolt, and a lock, and the shutters with pins, and inside shutters; I got up at five to go to work, and I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; I found the door open where I had put the duck; I found the young ducklings left in the closet; I found the geese had been killed, and that all the blood was running about the place; I observed that the lock was wrenched; the staple was wrenched to pieces, and the blood was in the stable; there was no blood there beforeI went to bed; there was a great deal of blood and feathers; I did not hear any noise in the night; I had bolted the bolt where the duck lay; the bolt was drawn back; that is all I know.


                  EDWARD
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
I am fourteen; I know the nature of an oath; I was apprentice to Mr. Hopwood, in Cock and Crown-court, Aldersgate-street; I left his service; and I lived with the prisoner, Tucker, about a week; the prisoner is a chimney-sweeper
, so is Mr. Hopwood; I left the prisoner's service about half a year ago; I had no regular discharge; we parted by consent; and I went to the prisoner; I was not bound to him; about a week after I went, Tucker asked me how Mrs. Allen's place was fastened; I told the prisoner I had lived with her before; I said, it was fastened the same as other people's.
How did the conversation begin? - Mr. Tucker asked me, if Mrs. Allen was worth money; I said, no, a poor woman; and then he asked how the place was fastened; nothing passed after; and then Tucker, and Johnson, and another, whose name I do not know, I never saw him before, went out; this conversation was held in 
               
                  Thomas
                   Tucker
               



             and 
               
                  William
                   Johnson
               



            's room in partnership, about one in the day; they lived in a court in Golden-lane; they did not come home till about four in the morning.
Court. What became of you afterwards? - I went up stairs; they lodged up one pair of stairs; I was in the house till ten at night, then I went to bed; I do not know what they were doing after they went out; about four in the morning, they all three came home to Tucker and Johnson's room; Tucker opened the door, came into the room to me, and told me to go to 
               
                  William
                   Johnson
               



            's mother; for she was wanted directly; he did not say what she was wanted for; I got up, and went there, in Whitecross-street; I went, and called her up, and told her she was wanted at Mr. Johnson's; I did not know what for; I was not told; then I returned, and Mr. Tucker gave me a chimney-cloth, and brush, and shovel, and scraper, to go out and see for some work, and I went; nothing more passed; I did not observe any thing that the prisoner brought with him; I was out from five till nine the same morning; when I returned, about nine, to Tucker and Johnson's room; I observed eleven geese and a duck, all dead; they laid in an open basket; Johnson was counting them; I knew them to be Mrs. Allen's, by being brought home in the foot-cloth, which I knew to be Mrs. Allen's; a cloth lay up in the room under the window; I took hold of it; it is marked with B. H. I knew it while I was with Mrs. Allen; and saw those letters on it then; I said nothing, but I took notice of it; when Johnson and Tucker went out, which was about two hours after, I saw the geese and ducks; afterwards Johnson came to me, to bring the cloth to a public-house, the Crown, the corner of the alley, and I did so; and there I gave that cloth to Mr. Tucker; he was waiting there; Johnson went with me.
Could you find out how the geese and duck had been killed? - Yes, they were cut just in the throat.
Had 
               
                  Tucker
               


             any candle with him when he came into the room? - No.
How did you know it was him? - It was a fine light morning; I heard the watchman go four, in about six minutes after I went down stairs; Mrs. Allen lived about four miles and a half off.
When did you first give any account of this transaction to any body? - Not till Mr. Isaacs came into the room, and searched the house, which was about four in the afternoon of the same day that I delivered the cloth to Tucker; they found two geese, and a brush, and shovel, and scraper; I gave no information; when they were searching the room, I did not know what they were about; I saw a woman come up into the room, and give Mr. Tucker and Johnson money for three of the geese; that was before Isaacs came; she paid threeshillings for them to Tucker and Johnson; I was present.
Had you any share of it yourself? - No.
When Tucker asked you how Allen's house was fastened, what did you understand by that question? - I thought nothing at all of it till the morning; I saw Johnson's mother carry out three more geese; I do not know what became of the remainder.
Prisoner. He is trying to take my life, and I would as soon resign my life as live in this world, for I have lost my character by this man that took me up.


                  WILLIAM
                   WATTS
               



             sworn.
I live at Hampstead with Mrs. Allen, and did so when she lost these things; I am a chimney-sweeper; I can swear to my mistress's tools; they were put by me, the night before, in the back place; my mistress was present; I have heard her account; I never saw any thing of them again, till Mr. Isaacs brought them to the justices.
- ISAACS sworn.
I am a constable; the prisoner, Tucker, was indicted at the last session with Johnson, who was then convicted; on the 15th of July last, I searched the room of Tucker and Johnson; they had one room between them; I do not know who kept the house; it is in a little court, near Golden-lane, called the Wooden World; I only know that Tucker lodged there by this lad's information, which he told before the magistrate; I found at this room, this chimney-cloth, and two sacks, and one goose in the closet, wrapped up in some paper; and another goose we found at the baker's.
Had the one you found the feathers on? - No, but it was very dirty and sooty all over; in consequence of that, this man had made his escape last session; we went down to Oatlands last month, the 29th or 30th, of a Tuesday; and we brought him to town; he was examined and committed for trial.


                  WILLIAM
                   BRACKNEY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I was with Isaacs when he found the things; I know nothing more; the goose was wrapped up in a piece of paper in the closet; the cloths lay in the middle of the room; I went with Isaacs and Redgrave to apprehend the prisoner.


                  JONATHAN
                   REDGRAVE
               



             sworn.
I only went with the other officers to apprehend the prisoner.
(The cloth produced by Isaacs, and a basket which had some feathers in it.)
The scraper, brush, and shovel, were not found.
(The cloth deposed to by Mrs. Allen.)
I know it by three pieces that I put on myself to mend it; there is no other mark.
Court. Are there any letters of your name? - No.
Isaacs. Here are the sacks.
(Produced and deposed to.)
Mrs. Allen. One of them has a slit at the bottom, and is not hemmed at the top; I described them, before I saw them at the justices, by those marks, both the cloth and sacks.
Court. Then there is no mark of B. H. on it? - No, there was such a cloth, but it was sold; I recollect the mark.


                  William
                   Watts
               



            . I remember one of the sacks that was patched, and turned upsidedown; I knew the other cloth; it, and the shovel, and scraper, were marked B. H.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, 
               
                  Bill
                   Johnson
               



             was in my room that afternoon, and he asked me to take a walk, and I would not, for I said, I must be up in the morning; I staid drinking at the public-house till twelve; then I would not go home to disturb my neighbours; and I went about from one house to another till four in the morning; then I went to my room to call my boy, and I saw Johnson with a sack, with somethingin it, on the stairs; he said, he was going up into my room; he said, he had a present made of them from a relation, and he wanted me to sell them; I told him, he must sell his own property; it was not mine, but all his; and it was not my room.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMSON
               



            .
