






585. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     MONDOCA
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 7th of September
, one pen knife, value 3 d. one linen handkerchief, value 9 d. and 10 s. in monies, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Forest
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   FOREST
               



             sworn.
On the 7th of this month, a little after nine, I was coming up Aldgate-street


, I felt a hand taking a pair of shoes out of my coat pocket, I caught him as he got them almost out, he whipped his hand away from me, and laid it upon my waistcoat pocket; I missed 10 s. there was only 6 d. left, I saw the prisoner in this direction, I am sure of it; then I looked round I saw seven or nine people, two of them had been at my left hand side, and the rest were all behind me: I attempted to secure the prisoner, and caught him by the left hand, and brought him to the shoe-maker's shop, he caught hold of the doorpost, I believe by his right hand, he took a great knife out of his pocket, a knife eighteen inches long, he gave me two cuts, and cut all the fingers thro' quite to the bone; he gave me another cut, and then I was obliged to let him go; some of the people had been at work in the shop, I did not cry out, I thought I could manage him myself; he did not run away: he was taken the day after. I have his countenance full in my mind, I know him again, without any exception; his countenance was so imprinted on my mind, that my conscience is very clear in averring he is the man: he gave me three cuts across the hand, the breadth of my fingers asunder, the tendons were all laid bare.
PRISONER.
I never law the man, I was at another place at the time.
For the prisoner.


                  SARAH
                   MARTIN
               



             sworn.
I live in Petticoat-lane, I am a butcheress, but my husband is a confectioner; I know the prisoner a great many years: I came to give evidence that he was in my house before seven of the last Saturday, that ever was made a week, he staid till after nine, and would have staid longer, I hired him to assist me, it was our new year last Saturday made a week, I remember the evening, because it was the night of our new year; he came by seven o'clock, and the stars were not in the sky, and I told him I would not cut any meat, for our Sabbath was not out.


                  Sarah
                   Martin
               



             jun. and 
               
                  Joseph
                   Martin
               



             gave the like testimony.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported to Africa for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
