





601. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               returning from transportation, and being found at large, on the 31st of August
 last, without any lawful cause
            .
(The Record read as before.)


                  JOHN
                   OWEN
               



             sworn.
Do you recollect the prisoner's person? - I do.
Do you remember his being in Court in January session's? - Yes.
Was he the same person that had been tried on the record that has just been read? - I am positive to the person.
You are one of the assistants of Mr. Akerman, are not you? - Yes.


                  RICHARD
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
You took the prisoner? - Yes, he behaved as well as any person could in his unhappy situation, he did not make the least resistance in the world.


                  THOMAS
                   BRADBURY
               



             sworn.
Court. Look at the prisoner, was he one of the men delivered on board the vessel, of which you was mate? - Yes.
You are mate of the Swift? - I am.
That was the transport on board which these people were to be carried? - The ship Swift was the transport.
Was the prisoner one of them that was delivered to be transported? - He was.
What part did he take in escaping from the ship? - I do not know any particular part.
He was not particularly active, either in taking the arms, or securing the Captain? - No, my Lord.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, I was between decks when the ship was taken, a man came down to me, and said, Jack the ship is taken, I said, I am sorry for it, I would rather go to America, I have no friends in England.
Were any of these people compelled to go on board the boat? - No, they were not.
None of them were compelled to the best of your knowledge? - No.



               GUILTY
            , 


               Death
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.








[Pardon on condition of Transportation. See summary.]



