





251. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CHAPMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of February
, one piece of cotton check for aprons, containing forty-three yards, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rimer
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   RIMER
               



             sworn.
I keep a warehouse
 in Well-court, Queen-street, Cheapside


; I lost a piece of check on the 21st instant; the prisoner was a porter
 in my house; I had reason to suspect him; myself and another gentleman who was with me stood and watched him, and saw the prisoner come out with a piece of check under his arm; we took him immediately to the Poultry Compter; on the 23d he confessed that he stole it, and that he took it with intention to deduct the value of it out of his wages.
Mr. Peatt, Prisoners Counsel. How long had the prisoner been your servant? - Six weeks.
Did you ever suffer him to take goods out of your warehouse upon paying for them out of his wages? - Never.
You do not know this piece of check if you had not marked it? - I should not; I marked it at the Poultry Compter; and I saw him come out of the warehouse with it under his arm.


                  CHARLES
                   FIELDING
               



             sworn.
I was with the prosecutor when we stood in the court to watch the prisoner; and I saw him come out of the warehouse with the piece of check under his arm; before the Alderman, he confessed he took it through distress; he also confessed he had stolen four pieces from another gentleman.
Does Mr. Rimer take all the check that the manufacturer makes? - No.


                  RICHARD
                   HILLIARD
               



             sworn.
I produce the piece of check, it was delivered to me with the prisoner: it has been in my possession ever since.
(Mr. Rimer deposes to the check.)
Mr. Rimer. It is the same I took from the prisoner, and delivered it to the constable.
Should you have known it if you had not marked it at the Compter? - Yes, by the hand writing on the paper, but could not have sworn to it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Coming down Holborn, I met a person who asked me to get him a piece of check; I said, I could, but had not the thought to ask my master before he went out; I took a piece, and intended to return it him, or the money, by nine o'clock the next morning.

The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
