





464. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SIMMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th day of March
 last, two yards of painted floorcloth, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Barnes
                  




               
            .
The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   BARNES
               



             sworn.
I live the corner of Bow-street, Bloomsbury


; I only speak to the property; I lost two yards of floor-cloth; 
               
                  Edward
                   Wallis
               



             brought it in.


                  EDWARD
                   WALLIS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Barnes; a person came into the shop and said, there is a piece of cloth of yours stolen; I immediately made after the prisoner, and took him the corner of Bloomsbury, with the property upon him, he had it under his arm; I told him, that is my master's; he said it is not; I said, it is, I immediately took him to the Justice's.
Who has had the care of it? - It was two days in the public-house, in the cellar, I wrote my name at the top of it when I took it from him; it is written in ink on the cloth, it has been in my custody all but those two days; I saw it in the shop some days before; I saw it the day it was lost.
Mr. Silvester, Prisoner's Counsel. Mr. Wallis, that cloth you marked, is the cloth you took from the prisoner? - Yes.
But before that, was there any mark upon it? - All the mark was, that there was a piece cut out of it, no particular mark besides.
It is a remnant, is it not? - Yes.
You had a remnant in your shop? - Yes.
Do not you sell floor-cloths for any room? - Yes.
Then they are cut to any shape that is wanted? - Yes.
Was there any shop mark, or any writing upon that cloth that you lost out of your shop? - There is the King's stamp.
Then you know it by the King's stamp? - Yes.
Did you ever see any floor-cloth without the King's stamp? - No.


                  ALICE
                   NEWTON
               



             sworn.
I know this to be my master's cloth, by this bit being cut out of it; I saw it about an hour before it was missed; I do not know any thing about cutting out the piece, but I observed it was cut out before it was lost.
Do you ever serve in the shop? - Yes, sometimes.
You particularly observed that piece had been cut out so? - It was cut out for the passage where it was laid down.
Mr. Silvester. You went to the gentleman's house where it was cut off? - No, Sir.
How do you know it was cut off for the passage? - The man said so.
Where is the man that laid down the floor-cloth? - He is not here, he is a carpenter, he worked for my master, and he cut it off; I do not know his name.
Do you know every piece of cloth in your master's shop? - Yes, I do.
How many pieces are there? - I cannot say, there are a great many pieces.
Do you know how any other of them are cut? - They are generally cut straight.
Court to Wallis. Who cut that piece off? - A man that worked for me, a carpenter, I saw the piece when he brought it back, he took the piece out with him, and the piece was cut so, I painted it.
How much of this kind had you painted before? - Many thousand yards.
And how many thousand yards of this kind are there about town, of your painting? - I cannot say.
Court. Are you certain you painted that? - Yes.
Court to Wallis. Do you remember that piece going out of your shop to be fitted any where? - No.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going up Broker's-alley, to Drury-lane, there was a broker who stood at the door, and a man was selling a piece of floor-cloth, it measured two yards and almost a quarter; the broker offered the man six shillings for it; I stood by when the man was coming away, I offered seven shillings; he said, you shall have it; I gave him two half crown pieces, and two shillings; he said his name was 
               
                  John
                   Harris
               



            , and was to be found at the Feathers, in Holborn; I took it under my arm, and the witness stopped me; the prosecutor said at the Justice's, he did not know how many yards there were; they none of them knew the contents of the piece; then I was brought out of the Justice's again, and Mr. Barnes insisted upon taking it from the constable, into his possession; then he took it home, and kept it two days and two nights, and brought it back to the Justice's; then he swore to it; then the Justice asked the girl, and the man, whether I was running or walking; they said, walking, very gentle.
Mr. Barnes. When I was before the Justice, I knew it to be my property and work, but I could not tell what was left of it.
Court to Wallis. Where was this kept?
Prosecutor. I took it from the constable, who had no business with it; and I gave it to Wallis.
Did he say then how he came by it? - Not to me he did not.
Did you hear him say it to anybody? - I heard him say it before the Justice, that he bought it.
Did he say of whom? - No, I did not hear in particular who he said he bought it of.
Prosecutor. I was not there before Monday.
Did he say what he had given for it? - I think he said three shillings and six-pence for it.
For the whole of it? - Yes.
Are you sule of that? - Yes.
How near was it to the prosecutor's where you took him? - About a hundred yards.
Mr. Silvester. What street was it in? - In Hart-street.
Prisoner. It is above a quarter of a mile from the place.
Court to Prisoner. Then you know the prosecutor's shop, do you? - I have been the shop before, I have been past it a hundred times.
Court to Prosecutor. How far was it from your shop? - Between one hundred and two hundred yards.
Court to Wallis. How came you to go in pursuit of him? - I was told of it by a young woman, that came into the house; I followed in about five minutes, I saw it about a day or two before.
Prisoner. Here was a man here that saw me buy the cloth, his name is 
               
                  George
                   Trotter
               



            .



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice NARES.
