





926. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BOLOUS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of September
 last, two mens cloth coats, value 30 s. one silk waistcoat; value 8 s. one cotton waistcoat, value 4 s. one pair of black silk breeches, value 4 s. one pair of casimere breeches, value 7 s. four linen shirts, value 15 s. three pair of silk stockings, value 20 s. three pair of woollen blankets, value 20 s. one silver watch, value 40 s. one pair of stone knee buckles, one gold enamelled ring, value 15 s. one gold enamelled shirt buckle, value 8 s. one deal box, value 18 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Adams
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   ADAMS
               



             sworn.
I came to town on the 24th of September, in the Norwich coach, to the Swan with Two Necks in Lad-lane


; the first time I saw the prisoner was in the yard, plying as porter; I had a box and a parcel, which I took from the coach, and the prisoner and another man wanted to carry it to the Castle and Falcon in Dowgate-street; they began to hand it, I desired them to let it alone; I immediately took it to the gate of the inn, there stood a hackney coach, he said he was hired, I asked him to take care, and look at my box while I went and called another coach, and he said he would, and I went away to call another coach, and I had not gone a hundred yards till I saw another coach, which came, and when I returned back the box was gone; the prisoner was upon the spot when I left the box, within three yards, I called a hackney coach, and came back, the box was not two minutes out of my sight; I asked the hackney coachman where the box was, he said it was gone; two fellows had run away with it; I was rather flurried, and I was directed by a milk woman to go to Aldermanbury; a man said the box and the man were in custody; I went within a quarter of an hour and found the box and the prisoner in Queen's Court, Basinghall-street.
Prisoner. Whereabouts did you see me and the other man in the yard? - Opposite the Compting-house door, the office-door, where they transact the business for the coaches.


                  ELIZABETH
                   FREELAND
               



             sworn.
I keep the White Bear Tap in Queen's Court; the prisoner came in, and called for a pint of beer, he had the box and parcel in his arm, and put it down upon a chest in the yard, nobody was with him, and my husband came in, and he asked him to drink, he gave the pint of beer into his hand, and set off without paying for the beer, or taking any care of the parcel, he looking down the court, saw a few people gathered together at the bottom of the court, a young man came up, and enquired after him, and he was taken; this is the same man that brought the box and parcel in, I saw him pitch it down, it was in less than ten minutes.
Prisoner. I was in the house, I do not remember seeing the gentlewoman.


                  WILLIAM
                   FREELAND
               



             sworn.
I saw the box in the yard, and the prisoner by it; I saw him came into the tap, and he asked me to drink, and he went directly down the court, and he went into Fore-street, and in less than a minute a young gentleman that is here now came running in, and told me, and we pursued him, and took him; when we took him I said young man, you have not paid for your pint of beer, and he said he had had no beer there; I am quite sure it is she same man.


                  JOSEPH
                   HUNT
               



             sworn.
I was coming down Aldermanbury, and asked what was the matter, and I pursued too, and in Basinghall-street I took him.


                  JAMES
                   PRIOR
               



             sworn.
I saw a concourse of people assembled together, and asked them what was the matter, and they told me that was the man that had stolen a box and parcel from the Swan with Two Necks; I took the prisoner into custody, and the moment the owner came he said, that is the man that stole my box and parcel; says I, should you know your box and parcel again if you saw it, he said yes; he told me the contents.
Prosecutor. This watch was in the box; here is the gold ring, I know it by the maker's name, I do not know the number; I know the knee buckles, and I know my clothes and every thing perfectly well; my linen and stockings were all marked; I know the box and the things.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
If you will believe the word of a man, I never was at the gateway at all, I was going towards Moorfields, and a man asked me to carry this box to Basinghall-street, and he would give me a pint of beer and six-pence, he bid me go into the public house, and he would go and fetch a coach, I went there, and nobody came; I had no money to pay for the beer; I went and left the box, and they came after me, and took me.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
