





753. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     DAWSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th day of September
, a silver watch, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Huggonson
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HUGGONSON
               



             sworn.
I work at the George livery-stables, Long-acre, as an hostler
; I went to leave a bundle at a gentleman's house in the Strand; I stopped a little while at the Sun; I met with an acquaintance, and I crossed the street; I met with this woman it was half after eleven; she asked me where I was going; I cannot say I was perfectly sober; I told her I was going home to bed; I took her into the yard and she took from me my watch; I dropped asleep in the stable, and waked about half after one, or near two; I got up, and found the woman and my watch was gone; I had my watch when I went with her; I never got it again; it was found the next day; when I missed it, I lighted a candle, and went to look for it in the stall, there I found two keys and a piece of paper, the paper was about two yards from the keys that I had dropped out of my pocket.


                  JOHN
                   QUICK
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in St. Giles's; last Saturday, a little before nine in the morning, the prisoner brought me this watch; I am sure it was her; I have known her these six or seven years; she asked me if I wanted one; she said she had found it on the Thursday night, in great Russel-street, facing Drury-lane, Playhouse; I thought proper to stop it but not the woman; I sent information of it to Justice Walker, and the woman was taken; this is the watch.
(Deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Court to prosecutor. Are you sure that the prisoner is the woman that went with you into the stable? - She is very like the woman, but I will not swear positively to her.


                  THOMAS
                   MUMFORD
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner; she said, she found the watch on the Thursday night.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found the watch on the Friday night last in Russell-street; it lay among somerubbish; I put it into my pocket; the next day I took it down to Mr. Quick, who had known me many years; I meant to advertise it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
