






503. 
               
                  WORMBLY 
                  WARMSLY
               



             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SIMPSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th day of May
, one cloth coat, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Perry
                  




               
            .
Mr. PERRY's Servant sworn.
I was in my master's carriage; I lost my coat on Tuesday the 24th of May, about six in the afternoon; it was taken out of the carriage at North End


; it was a box-coat; I saw the prisoner Warmsley run over the heath with the coat under his arm; I saw him about three hundred yards off with the coat.
- NELKIN sworn.
I saw the prisoner Warmsley going over the common with the coat under his arm; I told my brother to secure him; he is not here; I came to him, and he had hid the coat in a hole upon the common; this coat was about ten or a dozen yards from where he was taken; I observed the lining of it, which appeared to be red, and gave me a suspicion it was a livery coat; he was taken in ten or a dozen minutes after; I came up in a minute, and pursued him.
Do you know any thing of Simpson? - No; I only saw them together the day before.
Mr. Garrow. Walking along? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   FULLER
               



             sworn.
Last Tuesday week, in the evening, a little after five, I saw two men walking on Hampstead Heath, and I saw one throw a bundle into a gravel-hole, but what it was, I do not know; it was the two prisoners, they were together.
Were they walking or running? - I saw the prisoner Simpson get into a hole, and the other prisoner stood by the hole till he came out; in about half a minute after Simpson came out of the hole, I saw them walk up the hill both together a quarter of a mile; they were taken in a minute; I went up to them after they were taken; I saw the coachman coming on horseback over the heath, as hard as he could ride; he met me; I said, have you lost a coat? he said, yes; I then said, I know where it is; I shewed him the hole that Simpson came out of, and there was the coat almost covered over with gravel; this is the coat; it has been in my possession ever since.
(The coat deposed to)
Mr. Garrow. You was the distance of four or five hundred yards? - Yes; I was digging of gravel; I was looking round me, resting myself; I stood over a pit; I was some yards nearer than the coachman was when he set out first.
PRISONER SIMPSON'S DEFENCE.
Last Wednesday was a week, I walked up to Hampstead; I met the prisoner by me promiscuously on Hampstead Heath; I know nothing of the coat.
The prisoner Simpson called four witnesses to his character.
PRISONER WARMSLEY'S DEFENCE.
I was running after a rabbit with this man, and we tried to catch it; I never saw the coat.
The prisoner Warmsley called one witness to his character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
