





332. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     KINCARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of May
,five pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 34 s. and two pair of silver knee-buckles, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Yarrow
                  



               
            .
A second Count, laying them to be the property of 
               
                  John
                   Yarrow
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Yarrow
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   YARROW
               



             sworn.
I live in Graid's-alley, Wellclose-square


; on Saturday before last, my mother and I were sitting in a room behind the shop; my mother cried out that a man had run from behind the counter; upon which I ran out, and perceiving the prisoner to run, I imagined him to be the thief; I cried stop thief; but before I came up to him he stopped himself; I desired him to come back with me; and as I brought him back, I put my hand in his coat pocket next me, but found nothing; I was going to put my hand into his side-pocket, and he said oh! they are all here; I brought him into the house, and took five pair of silver shoe buckles, and a pair of knee buckles out of his pocket.
How do you know them to be yours? - I have cleaned them several times, and well know the pattern of them; there were just so many pair missing out of the window; I saw them there that morning; they belong to me and my mother; my father lately died, and left the property between us; the prisoner confessed before the Magistrate that he took them.
Was any promise of favour made him? - None of the kind.
Joshua Grey, the constable, produced the buckles, which were deposed to by the prosecutor.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to the New Cut, Radcliffe highway, I met a girl, and she gave me buckles in a handkerchief, and desired me to carry them for her, and said she would come to me.
Prisoner to Mr. Yarrow. Did you see me near your house? - About as far from it as the Sessions house is from the top of the Old Bailey; he said before the Magistrate, a man gave them to him; afterwards he acknowledged he took them.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
