





666. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CROWDER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th day of August
 last, one iron key, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wrathall
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   WRATHALL
               



             sworn.
I lost the key of the street door of the adjoining house to that I live in, it was under the care of the workmen, for having occasion to use these premises we borrowed the key, it was on Monday the 18th of August last, we searched for it that day, but without effect, we suffered the night to pass over without any security but the spring-lock, I ordered one of the workmen now in Court, to put on a padlock.
Court. Where did you find the key? - In the prisoner's pocket, on the Wednesday evening I took him at the door wrenching off the padlock, I led him into the next door, both which houses I am in possession of.
(The key produced by 
               
                  Joseph
                   Inwood
               



            .)
How came you by that key? - I searched the man's pocket, but before I could do so, he pulled the key out of his pocket, and laid it down on the settle, I gave it to my master, and he said, it is my key.
(The key deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been fixing on a lock for a person that gave me the job, and about a month ago I bought that key and gave three pence for it, I happened to be fixing on a lock, and I went to make water, and the gentleman said I was going to break open the the empty house; I am a proper locksmith
, and a jobbing smith, there was a man with me when I bought the key, but he is gone into the country.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you take him in the act of forcing open your door? - Yes I certainly did, forcing the padlock, he had two or three files and screw drivers, and a large iron pin about fourteen inches long to operate as a crow, which he had in one hand, and a screw driver in the other.
Court. What is the value of that key? - To replace it two shillings, or two shilshillings and six pence.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, at first I thought this might have been a petty larceny, but on hearing further I think it proper to consider it strictly, he stole the key with intent to get into the house, for after he had stole the key, and the prosecutor had fastened his house with a padlock, you find the prisoner coming again, and being disappointed forcing his way into the house, for no good cause I presume, the prosecutor has sworn that the value of this key is two shillings or half a crown, that makes it a grand larceny; if you should be satisfied from the evidence that the prisoner did steal the key, I think under these circumstances, you are not required to reduce it to a petty larceny.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
