






154. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DARBY
                  



               
             (a negro
) was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gosling
                        



                     
                   about the hour often in the night, on the 28th day of December
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one wooden stock with twelve iron bits, value 20 s. an iron screw driver, value 6 d. twelve brass handles for hand organs, value 15 s. one large ditto, value 1 l. 11 s. 6 d. and divers other articles of brass work, belonging to organs and other things, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Pistor
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Pistor
                        



                     
                  , and three iron saws, value 14 s. one screw driver and sundry other tools the property of 
                     
                        Valentine 
                        Fryer
                     



                  , in the said dwelling-house
            .
VALENTINE FRYER sworn.
I work in the house of 
               
                  William
                   Gosling
               



            , he is a carpenter
, I work for Messrs. Pistors, organ builders

, who rent part of his house for a work shop, I remember his house being broke open the 28th of December, at night, I left my tools there at eight, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, and one particular screw-driver which I have in my hand now, which was made out of a sword, and other things; the next day when I came in the morning, I missed them, and found this screw-driver that was made out of the sword in the ceiling belonging to the man where the prisoner carried the things to; when I came out at eight I secured the door, and at seven in the morning when I came it was open.


                  JOHN
                   PISTOR
               



             sworn.
I am an organ-builder, I have apartments at this house, none of my family sleep in the premises, not in that part of it, but Mr. Gosling's family, none of whom are here; I was not there an hour the whole day; the things I lost are produced by Mr. Edgar, I know nothing of the prisoner's taking these things but by his own confession before Mr. Staples.
Is the confession here? - There is none returned; 
               
                  William
                   Wallis
               



             that is admitted an evidence is here.
Court. But I must first have some evidence that this man has done something.


                  JOHN
                   GILES
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Walker, at the Sugar-loaf public-house, in Great St. Helens, between ten and eleven I was standing at our door talking to our watchman and the prisoner came along, now watchman, says the black, are you fastened up here, and he said let me through the wicket of the great gates; I saw the prisoner was a black man, I saw he had something upon his shoulder, that was his way from the shop, and the next morning I heard the shop was robbed.
- THOMPSON sworn.
I am a watchman, I saw the prisoner go through the gate this night with two bags thrown upon his shoulders.
Court. Do not you think this was a great neglect of duty? - I think it was one of the carpenter's men.
Prisoner. Are you sure it was me that came through at that time of night? - Yes, I will take my oath of it.
Court. Did you know him before? - I took notice of the colour of his dress, his hat, and trowsers, and every thing.
Not from the features of his face, did you see any body in company with him? - Nobody at all.
Court to Giles. Did you know the prisoner before? - Yes, I know it is the same man, I gave a description of him immediately.


                  WILLIAM
                   WALLIS
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner, he laid by my fire side that very night that he robbed the shop, he brought the tools to my lodgings.
Prisoner. Who gave me the bags that held these things? - I gave them to him, he asked me to lend them to him.
Prisoner. He was the man that advised me to it, he was in the shop with me before he met me, and asked me where I was going.
Court. That will not make your case better, to say he was a bad man and tempted you.



                  JOHN
                   EDGAR
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I produce these things which I had from an old iron shop in Vincent-street, Piccadilly, the man's name is Heath, he is not here.
Court to Wallis. Do you know any thing about these things? - Yes, they were such things as we have, but I cannot say they are the same.
Court. It is impossible to prove that these are the things that were stolen, having put no mark upon them.
Fryer. My Lord, his confession was taken in writing.
Court. But it is not here, you cannot give evidence of that.
Fryer. I can swear to this screw-driver which was made out of a hanger, which I took out of Wallis's lodging by the confession of the prisoner.
Wallis. I know this screw-driver, I saw the prisoner put it in the ceiling, the next morning he said he would get it sharpened and go on the highway.
Prisoner. How could I get out of the gate when the watchman was there, I have not a friend in the world.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 6 d. but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years to Africa
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
