





234. 
               
                  
                     SIMON 
                     SOLOMON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th day of January
 last, two copper coal shoots, value 20 s. two stew-pans, value 15 s. twelve copper tea-kettles, value 5 l. six iron saucepans, value 44 s. one basket, value 8 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cowland
                  




               
            .
The Case opened by Mr. Garrow.


                  WILLIAM
                   COWLAND
               



             sworn.
My father is a brazier
. I remember delivering some goods in our way of trade, the things mentioned in the indictment; they were to go to Broad-street, beyond the Royal Exchange, part of them there, and part of them to another place. My man came home, and gave me an account that he had lost them. On the next evening, I went out with Lucy and the porters in order to apprehend the man.
- HERITAGE sworn.
On the 14th of January, I was to carry some goods, and I pitched my load in Bull's-head-court, Newgate-street; the prisoner at the bar was standing there: I asked him to give me a turn round; he helped me with it on my head, and he followed me into Cheapside; he said I was very heavy loaded, and he had just been giving his partner a lift, who was troubled with a shortness of breath. He asked me where I was going to, I said I was going to Broad-street; he had a knot on his shoulder, and had the appearance of a porter; I said, I have only a penny, and that I will give you for a glass of gin, to give me a lift; he said, No, I do not mind your penny, I do not mind giving a brother porter a lift; then he asked me if I could give it a shove on his head, and a lusty man lifted it off my head on his head; and going between Foster-lane and Gutter-lane, on that side Cheapside


, a genteel man slipped down, and he said he had daubed himself very much, and asked me if I would let him wipe his hands on my apron, and he felt first in one pocket, and then in the other, and he took out three halfpence, and two he let fall, and he said, young man, pick them up; then I went after the man with the load, but I could find no more of him, I went as fast as ever I could; this was on Friday night: on the Monday night I went out again, and took out a box, containing brickbats and stones; Mr. Lucy and my young master went with me: we went to Hatton-garden and down Holborn, and up to the Change, and came back, and about Foster-lane, this prisoner, Solomons, met me, and said to me, Young man, you are heavy loaded; he had his knot again; and I said, Yes, I am, and I am very weary, for I have had the ague and fever, which makes me very weak; so I walked on towards St. Martin's Le Grand, and I pitched it down there, he helped me down with it; he said he was only waiting for his master, and if he was gone home, he would give me a lift; he sent me to the second court, that was Bull's-head court, and I went and pitched in that court, and there was the halloo out, Shemar, for the space of five or six minutes.
Who was hallooing out? - I suppose eight or ten gentlemen on the off side of the way; he came up soon afterwards, and said, what, are not you got any further? No, says I, and he asked me where I brought it from? I told him out of Leadenhall-street, and was going into Saint John's-street, and I took it down Giltspur-street, and this same gentleman met us, and slipped down again, and he offered me threepence-halfpenny, and wiped his hands again; I told him I must not stop to take the money, and I followed the prisoner; he turned short into the hospital; the gentleman told me he was gone on straight forwards; I turned short, and when I came to turn to speak to him, says I, you are going, my cock, the wrong way; yes, says he, I forgot myself, I should have gone straight across Smithfield; then he brought it, and pitched it by Hosier-lane, and said; you take it a little way; I took it up, and he was off in a minute. I am sure the prisoner is the person. I went out again on the 26th with Mr. Lucy and young Mr. Cowland, and I saw the prisoner passing by St. Sepulchre's church, and I told the constable to meet me at Fleet-market, and we took him in Fleet-market; and before the magistrate he said his name was 
               
                  Simon
                   Solomons
               



            , he said Shemar was only a nickname that they gave him.
Court. Did this man know you a second time? - Not at first; he said afterwards, I worked in Fleet-market, I said yes.


                  JOHN
                   LUCY
               



             sworn.
On Monday evening I went out with this man, and saw him accosted by a porter, but I cannot say the prisoner was the man; I took him afterwards before the magistrate, and he said as the last witness has described.
Prosecutor. I am sure the prisoner is the man.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been into Piccadilly, and was coming home.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
