





832. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HILL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        John 
                        Williamson
                     




                  , Esq
. on the king's highway, on the 26th of October
, and putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, a gilt watch, in an enamelled case, value 3 l. a blue watch ribbon, value 1 d. a gold seal, value 20 s. a gold key, value 5 s. his property
            .


                  JOHN
                   WILLIAMSON
               



             sworn.
I am a captain in the Royal Navy
; on Thursday, the 26th of last month, at night, I was robbed of my watch in the Haymarket


, between Panton-street and Coventry-court; the prisoner and another girl were standing at the corner of Panton-street; as I was passing them in the Haymarket, this prisoner followed me, and took me round the waist with her right arm, and desired I would go with her; I replied, at that hour of the night, I was either too drunk or too sober to go with any woman from the street; it was near eleven o'clock; she said, you are very sober, you had better go with me.
How was the fact? - I had dined in the City, and walked home; I had been drinking but left off drinking before eight o'clock; I sat down to my dinner at past five o'clock at the London coffee-house; then I walked home; I told her, if I was sober I never could think of going with her; if I was drunk, I was not proper company for her; she asked me to give her some money to drink; I told her, I made it a rule never to carry money of a night; then she put her left hand on my right hand breeches pocket, and kept rubbing up my thigh, to feel if there was any money; I had a new pair of leather breeches on which were very tight, and I thought I felt my seal draw up my thigh, and I took my hand and caught hold of the skirt of her gown, and she was going to leave me; upon putting my hand on my pocket I found my watch was gone out; I praised her ingenuity and dexterity, and told her it was a very good joke, but would advise her to return it, least it should prove serious; says I, have it you certainly must; says she, what the devil should I do you with your watch? I was leading her to the watchman who was within three or four yards; I saw one in Coventry-court; I charged the watch with her; he took her to the watch-house; I was asked if I found my watch, if I should proceed; I said, I owed it to the public, and I certainly should do it, whether I got my watch or no; I carried her to Bow-street, Sir Sampson Wright committed her, and I then went to the clerk of the indictments, who directed me to the Grand Jury; then I heard that a person had found it; I saw it at the watch-house.
Court. When she embraced you, you understood that she did it in an affectionate manner? - In a very affectionate manner.
Not with any degree of force or violence? - Not at all; I have often met with attacks of that kind in the Hay-market; I did not find that there was any difference.


                  WILLIAM
                   WESTWOOD
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 6, Coventry-court; I am an engraver; I have a watch which I found in a corner in Coventry-court, in the Haymarket, on the 26th of October, between eleven and twelve on Thursday night; it was laying on the ground; I kicked it before me; there was not a person present.
(Produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going up the Hay-market; it was no more than ten; this gentleman met me, and asked me how I was; I said, I was very well, but very cold; he asked me to go with him; I said, if he would treat me with a glass of wine; he said, no, go up this court with me; I would not; then I asked him to lend me a shilling; he laid hold of both my wrists, and took me to the watch-house and searched me; I never saw the watch with my eyes.




               GUILTY Of stealing
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
