






112. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CLAYTON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     MERCHANT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Collins
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of nine in the night of the 9th of November
, and feloniously stealing therein, two looking glasses, value 14 s. one tea chest, value 2 s. 6 d. one other tea chest, called a book tea chest, value 1 s. his property
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   COLLINS
               



             sworn.
I live in Broker's-alley, Drury-lane


; on the 9th of November, I was at work in the one pair of stairs between seven and eight in the evening; I heard a whistling in the alley, which is narrow; and about a quarter before nine somebody knocked at my door; the boy let him in; it was a relation of mine; and in about ten minutes after I heard my little dog bark; I did not go down immediately, but in two or three minutes I heard my dog rush out into the alley; I said, our shop door is open; I ran down and found the door wide open; one of the officers tried it; it was bruised by the bolt; I directly missed the things in the indictment; I went immediately to the pawnbroker and to some other people, but I found nothing; the next morning I saw three lads coming along King-street, Seven-dials; the prisoners and another lad; the prisoner Clayton had a basket with the point of a glass out; I went up directly and took hold of them two; the other ran away.
What was in the basket? - Two looking glasses, and one tea chest, my property.
Are you sure they were yours? - Yes; the prisoners were committed.


                  RICHARD
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I bolted the door after I opened it to let my master's mother in; that was between seven and eight; it was bolted and locked before that; it was shut and fastened between seven and eight; every thing was safe in the shop; I saw them close by the door; I am sure I saw them when the shop was shut up; I heard the dog bark in the alley, and my master went down, and then he called me down.


                  THOMAS
                   DALTON
               



             sworn.
I attend the public office in Hyde-street; the prosecutor brought two boys with a basket, and two looking glasses, and the tea chest; after the examination, me and Treadway went down to see the situation of the place; they are two folding doors; and there is a bolt that slides from one to the other; and just where the bolt is there is the appearance as if something had been forced in like a chissel; he opened it with a knife without side.
(Two glasses and one tea chest deposed to.)
Prisoner. Were these marks on when they were lost, or did you put them on afterwards? - I put that mark on the glasses since.
PRISONER CLAYTON'S DEFENCE.
I picked up the two glasses and the tea chest in the basket; I had been to several places to see for a coach, and I could not get one; and this boy came up.
PRISONER MERCHANT'S DEFENCE.
I was going into King-street for a pair of shoes for my father, and I just met this boy, and that gentleman came and caught us both.
BOTH 


               GUILTY. But not of the burglary
            .
Each to be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
