





504. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NICHOLLS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of March
 last, fifty-seven razors, value 4 l. six powder puffs, value 48 s. forty-eight hanks of silk, value 7 s. six bunches of human hair, value 40 s. sixty-two ivory combs, value 35 s. a razor-strap, value 2 s. twelve pair of scissars, value 9 s. twenty-two boxes of soap, value 2 s. twelve rolls of pomatum, value 6 s. nineteen pound weight of hair powder, value 10 s. thirty-six yards of wig ribbon, value 10 s. twenty-four silk cauls, value 12 s. twenty-three silk and thread cauls, value 5 s. one looking glass, value 12 d. three silk purses, value 6 s. one hat brush, value 6 d. one leather tobacco box, value 4 s. twenty yards of wig ribbon, value 4 s. four pounds of brown powder, value 8 s. six rolls of other powder, value 2 s. and a silk powder puff, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     West
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Thomas
                  



               
            .
The witnesses examined apart at the request of Mr. Rose the Prisoner's Council.


                  WILLIAM
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
I am partner

 with 
               
                  Thomas
                   West
               



            , we are hair merchants and perfumers

; the prisoner was our servant
 and assistant to the porter, he came the beginning of January and staid with us to the 20th of March; on the 21st a message came to our house that Nicholls and his brother were suspected of selling our goods.
Mr. Rose Prisoner's Council. Do not tell us of any hearsay.
Court. In consequence of that message what did you do? - I went to enquire of the goods, and I saw an article at the house of 
               
                  Richard
                   Serle
               



            , a hair dresser, who is now present, which is our property, which was a bag to hold hair powder, marked with my mark, the prisoner was to have come to work on Monday, but he made off.
Court. Had you sold that powder bag to any body? - Not that I know of.
You sell those things? - We do, but it is mostly wholesale, and in the country; he shewed me the prisoner's brother, and I took him up; I then went to his brother's lodgings, and there I found some of our property: I then looked out for John, I apprehended his rout was towards his native country which was Hertfordshire; I enquired at the inns whether any thing had been forwarded in his name, at the Swan I found a box directed there for him.
Where did you trace the prisoner to? - To Worcester, and I sent our man, his name is 
               
                  Samuel
                   Hutchens
               



            ; I know nothing further till I saw the goods before the magistrate Mr. Alderman Bates in London; I saw several of our things with my mark.
Mr. Rose. Pray was you partner with this gentleman Mr. West when this person came into your service? - Yes.
Are you partner now with him? - Yes.
Had you any character with this man when he came into your service? - His brother was a porter of ours and introduced him, we had no other character.
You say he left you and did not appear on the Monday? - I did not see him.
Had he given you any warning at that time? - We expected him to come to work.
Had he before that given you any warning that he should leave your service? - He gave us a kind of warning, he said he would go away if we thought he was guilty of taking 30 doz. of ivory combs, which are not mentioned in the indictment.
Court. When did he say so? - He did not say so to me.
Mr. Rose. Did he ever desire you to look out for another man in his stead? - He did to my partner.
Did you know that this man was going to leave you? - No, I heard he said he would go if he was suspected, he asked my partner to let him stay three months; I did not expect him to go on the Monday.
Did his brother William ever come to your house? - I cannot tell because we have thousands come.
Yours is a pretty large shop, is not it? - Yes.
How many people have you? - I am not sure, there may be twenty or not so many.


                  SAMUEL
                   HUTCHINS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the prosecutor, I was sent to on the 24th of March, I found 
               
                  John
                   Nicholls
               



             at the Town-hall at Worcester, with some goods, he was then before the magistrates, and the goods were there, various articles that were locked up in a chest; the prisoner said before the magistrates in my hearing, that he bought them of different people in the streets; on the 26th I was sent again, and there was a box of his which came by the waggon, with more of the same kind of articles, and I believe he said the same of them, the chest was put into the hands of 
               
                  John
                   Jones
               



             and brought with the prisoner to London, I put no mark upon it, nor upon none of the goods, for they were part of them marked, and Jones marked them all, I know some of the commodities to be my master's.
Mr. Rose. Were the puffs and things put into the the chest? - Yes.
You did see them all put into the chest? - Yes.
You say there was a box produced that came by the waggon, how do you know it came by the waggon? - There was a direction on the box to 
               
                  John
                   Nicholls
               



            , the things were all put in the chest together.


                  ROBERT
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I live in Broad-street, Worcester, I am an officer there, I was applied to on the 19th of March last; about an hour after Mr. Thomas's man came down to me and informed me, and in consequence of that information, I took up the prisoner on suspicion of stealing the contents of the box, I found part of the property on his person, and part of it in the box at his lodging at the inn, I found several articles on his person, marked West and Thomas.
(Recites a great variety of the articles mentioned in the indictment.)
Did you find all these things upon him? - I found them in a basket, he was offering them for sale at a shop.
(Recites more articles.)
Where did he lodge? - At the house of one 
               
                  Thomas
                   Dyse
               



             in Silver-street.
Did he acknowledge that he lodged there? - Not to me.
Then you do not know that he lodged there only from information? - I found the box at that lodging, directed for him at Worcester.
What is the direction? - To be left at the 
               
                  Rein
                   Deer
               



            , Malchapen-street, Worcester, till called for by 
               
                  John
                   Nicholls
               



            .
Court. What did you do with the things after he was examined before the Justice? - I took them into my charge before he was examined, and locked them up, and after they were produced before the Justice, I locked them up in a box which is here, no man can open the box but myself with my key; I am sure that the things are the same that were put into the box, I have had it under lock and key; when I got him first of all I asked him if his name was Nicholls, he said it was; says I, who does that belong to in the basket? says he, it belongs to me; then says he, do not make a thief of me, it is not my property, a man gave it me to sell.
Court. That was with respect to the things in the basket? - Yes, I asked him the name of the man, he said he never saw him till yesterday, he did not know his name, nor where he was to be found, I told him he should come along with me.
Mr. Rose. He was selling them publickly in the shop? - Yes.
As for his lodgings, you say you do not know any thing about them yourself at all? - I was informed it was.
Have you brought the direction with you? - Yes.
Do you know the hand-writing? - No.
You say all the things were put into a box, and you believe that box was never opened in the way to London, I should be glad to see this key of this lock that nobody can pick; is that your reason for supposing that it has never been opened? - I have always had the key in my custody.
Has the box been out of your sight? - It has.
In whose hands? - When I brought the prisoner to London, I brought the box with me, and put a chain round it, and put a padlock round that, and locked it besides, it was taken to Mr. West and Thomas by a porter, it might be nine or ten days out of my sight, I thought it was as safe as if it was in sight, it was locked up by me, and I unlocked it at Guildhall, and locked it again, they were then taken to Mr. Thomas's house by one of his servants, and this morning I saw them at Mr. Thomas's, they were never out of my sight till they were locked up.



                  RICHARD
                   SERLE
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to my shop and offered to sell me some long hair, about the middle of March, about seven or eight days before Mr. Thomas came to my shop; when Mr. Thomas came, he saw a powder bag and puff, which I had of a brother of the prisoner.
Is that brother here? - No, I bought no hair of the prisoner, I had them in my possession and it was delivered to his brother, he likewise told me he had eighteen or twenty pounds of powder to sell, and he brought me a sample of the powder, and the price.


                  WILLIAM
                   GRAHAM
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner has robbed my masters, Mess. West and Thomas, of goods that I have seen produced at Guildhall, which were found in his possession; I did not find them.
What do you know yourself? - I know several things were stolen out of the house, I never detected him in any robbery.
What do you come here to prove? - I can prove some of the goods.


                  ELIZABETH
                   TUCKEY
               



             sworn.


                  William
                   Nicholls
               



            , the prisoner's brother, left this bundle in my possession.
Is 
               
                  William
                   Nicholls
               



             here? - No.
Then do not tell us; did 
               
                  John
                   Nicholls
               



             come for them? - No, I do not know the man at the bar, I know one 
               
                  William
                   Nicholls
               



            , I know nothing but what I heard from him.
Court. Let the chest be opened.
To Prosecutor. I suppose you have looked over these things? - I have.
Are there among these things any of them so marked that you can positively swear to them? - Yes.
Pick out a few of those that you can speak with the most certainty of.
Constable. These are the articles that were found on his person.
(The prosecutor deposes to a great many of the articles.)
Court. You never sold any of these goods to this man or his brother? - No, I never saw the brother that is talked of here, till I took them up.
Have you looked over the rest of the goods, and do you believe them to be your property? - Yes, I believe all the other things to be ours, except one single article.
(Hutchins deposes to part of the property as his own work.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I bought this hair of different people in London, and paid for it.
Court. Can you produce who you had these things from? - No, I cannot.
Have you any witnesses to your character, or to any fact.
Mr. Rose. He had a certificate of the churchwardens and inhabitants where he lived, but we cannot produce that.
Jones. I have made an enquiry of several people in the town of Worcester, and they speak well of him, that he was a very honest lad; his master in the country was a very bad master.
Mr. Rose to Jones. Has he a wife and family? - I believe he has at Leominster.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years to Africa
            .
Tried by the first London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
