





304. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILSON
                  , otherwise 
HENRY HART




            , was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Walker
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night, on the 22d day of April
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one wooden box, value 6 d. one white muslin jacket, value 2 s. one white muslin petticoat, value 2 s. one cotton gown, value 1 s. one dimity petticoat, value 1 s. one stuff petticoat, value 1 s. and two linen aprons, value 2 s.
             the property of the said 
               
                  Robert
                   Walker
               



            .


                  ROBERT
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
I live in Brownlow-street, Drury Lane


; I am a taylor
, I locked my shop door, and the passage door belonging to the house about eight o'clock, I was last in the shop, I went out at the street door, I left my wife and a little girl, and a chairwoman, down in the kitchen; I was sent for, and informed that my house was robbed, I went back and found a ladder taken out of the passage, which belonged to a neighbour of mine, and put against the wall in my own yard; the back room window was open, and the box taken out of the room, and dropped in my passage.

Court. Were the things all lost out of the box? - They were all in the box; here is the prisoner's hat which he lost in the scuffle.


                  RALPH
                   GIBSON
               



             sworn.
I live next to the prosecutor, on the 22d of April I was writing by candle light in my own apartment, there is a passage which separates the two houses, and I heard a noise; I went out to the bottom of the step ladder, and I called out, here is some body here, nobody spoke; in about a minute's time the prisoner made his appearance, coming from Mr. Walker's wall, which is about twelve feet high, I heard somebody drop, and immediately he dropped down off from the wall; I seized him, and another man run past me, I laid hold of the prisoner, and he struck me, I fastened to him, and took him to the round house; then I went to Mr. Walker's yard, and found my ladder standing there, that is all I have to say, I saw the prosecutor's box was in his passage.


                  JANE
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I was in the kitchen, I heard a noise which frightened me, I ran up stairs and opened the yard door, and saw a ladder standing against the wall, and this box laying by the ladder; I brought it into Mr. Walker's passage, it was open, I believe by the feel, the linen that is in it now was in it then, which are the things mentioned in the indictment; they are Mr. Walker's property.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
All that I have to say, is, if you will ask whether any one of the gentlemen saw me in the house, or take any box, or whether they can say I was the person that jumped from the wall? - Yes, Sir, I am sure it was him.
Prisoner. My Lord, it was dark in the evening.
Court. It is not your interest to make it a dark evening, let me put you in mind of that.
Prisoner. I drive cattle from Mile-end turnpike to Smithfield, my mother lives in the country, I am nineteen years of age.
Court. And already so knowing as to find your way by a ladder into a man's yard.
Gentlemen of the Jury, it is stealing undoubtedly, if he took that box with intention of carrying it away, as from the nature of the circumstances, if he did take it, it most manifestly was with that intent; the lifting up a window under such circumstances does constitute in law a breaking; there is another thing to be attended to, which is, the indictment charges this to be done at eight at night; that will raise a doubt whether it was not at too early an hour, as the sun does not set till past seven, and it would hardly therefore he that degree of night even in London, to amount to this being in the night time; you will certainly give the turn of the scale in favour of life, when it is the very point to constitute the capital part of the case; there was another offence last night, but that was committed on the 6th of March, therefore night was certainly set in then.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
