





496. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RICHARDSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22d day of June
 last, two silver salts, value 14 s. three silver salt spoons, value 3 s. one silver milk pot, value 10 s. two silver gravy spoons, value 18 s. ten silver tea spoons, value 20 s. one silver strainer, value 9 d. one pair of knee-buckles, value 1 s. one silver milk pot, value 10 s. one gold ring, value 3 s. one stay hook, value 6 d. three silk handkerchiefs, value 8 s. one pair of corded dimity breeches, value 5 s. one pair of sattin breeches, value 10 s. two white dimity waistcoats, value 5 s. five boy's linen shirts, value 5 s. five muslin neckcloths, value 5 s. one man's hat, value 5 s. two leather pocket-books, value 1 s. one pair of leather shoes, value 4 s. one pair of leather boots, value 6 s. and three pair of silk stockings, value 14 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gregory
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN
                   GREGORY
               



             sworn.
On Sunday the 22d of June I and my wife went to Streatham to dinner, and left this lad in the house, we went about eleven o'clock, and returned between nine and ten in the evening, when we returned we knocked at the door several times, and could not make any body hear, we concluded he was gone to bed, we got a young woman to go in at the window and she let us in; going up stairs the first thing we found was the dining-room door broke open; the next was the bed-room door which was likewise broke open, we always put the key down by a carpet inside the bed-room; all my clothes and linen were taken out of the drawer, the beaufet was broke open, and a milk-pot and spoons taken away, there was a box drawn from under the bed and some more plate taken from that, there were some large gravy spoons, a and pair of salts, the boy had lived with me about three or four months.
Court. Where had you him from? - He came out of the country.
How had he behaved? - Pretty middling. On Monday morning I got up and went to Highgate to enquire if any of the York coaches had got such a boy, they had not, when I came back we heard by a little boy in the market that he was gone over London-bridge with two blue bundles.
- BIRD sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, the prisoner offered me these to sale, and I stopped him, it was on Thursday the 26th of June, about eight o'clock in the morning; the first time he came was on the Tuesday before along with two sailors; when they were there one of them said you may as well sell those little things in your pocket, and he produced a thimble and a hat-buckle, the sailor said I have done this boy a service; I have got him a birth, they sold them, and I gave them the value; they went away; on Wednesday the prisoner sold me a spoon, I have it with me, I asked him where he got it, he said he had it in his box amongst other things which he brought out of the country; Thursday morning about eight o'clock I saw the prisoner walking about the window, and in about five minutes he came in and offered these spoons, I asked him whether they were to be pledged or sold, they were bent, I said I thought he had not come by them honestly; because he had sold the other to me the day before, he said an uncle of his who lived at Westminster had given him them to carry to his friends at Hull in Yorkshire, I asked him what his uncle would think when he heard it, he said he did not know what his uncle might say or what he might think; on looking at my papers I found a bill describing the marks of the spoons, on that I stopped him and said, I am afraid there are others concerned with you, he said he had never any thing of the kind before, I said if he had any accomplices he had better turn evidence, he said two men were concerned and they filled their pockets, and went to the North Fields near Peckham, and those were given to him for his share; I asked him how he came home, he said he came over London-bridge, I went to Leadenhall-market and enquired if any body had been robbed, and Mr. Gregory asked me if I had got him, Mr. Gregory came with me to my shop, and he knew the boy and the property.
Court to Gregory. Are these spoons yours? - I believe them to be mine, having had them in use so long.
Court. Have the spoons any marks? - The two salt spoons have.
What marks have they? - T. B. and A. at the bottom; I do positively believe them to be mine.
Mr. Bird. After Mr. Gregory came to my house, he said he was surprized he should serve him so; he said there were two men concerned with him, and they both lived at Peckham; I said, he should not go till he had been before a magistrate; he said, there were a good many things on board a ship at Dice's Key.
Court. Was there any promise made, to induce him to tell where the other things were? - Not as I heard of, we went on board the vessel to demand the property, and we carried it to Lime-street to examine the box; we found in the box, two gravy spoons, a milk pot, and some other things.
- RUSSEL sworn.
I got these things out of the box that came from on board the ship; I took a list of them.
Gregory. This punch ladle I believe to be mine, and these two spoons, and here's a spoon marked with my own name, these silver sugar tongs marked with my own name; I believe all the other things to be mine.
Court. What is the value of them all? - Ten pounds at the least.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My master told me, if I would tell him where every thing was, he would let me go.
Gregory. When I first went in, I asked him, what have you done with the others, and I said, if there is any other person concerned with you, you had better turn evidence, and I will bring you through.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
