





765. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEONARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of October
, six brass pullies, value 3 s. five brass knobs for doors, value 3 s. 6 d. one iron frying-pan, lined with tin, value 4 s. two japan waiters, value 4 s. two tin sauce-pans, value 10 d. four sauce-pans tinned, value 2 s. one soup-ladle, value 10 d. one iron marrow-spoon, value 1 s. 6 d. one brass vent-peg, value 8 d. one tin pudding mould, value 12 d. fourteen locks made of steel and brass, value 5 l. and fourteen keys, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Oldham
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   OLDHAM
               



             sworn.
I am an ironmonger
 in Holborn


, I hired the prisoner about ten months ago as a porter and warehouseman
, I had a good opinion of him, I sent the prisoner out of a message, and he was brought back with the things that are here, I had a message from Justice Blackborow to know if such things were mine, and they were mine, I went with my clerk and two officers to the prisoner's lodgings, and found a variety of articles with my mark, I had sent him with some of these things to Sir 
               
                  Peter
                   Parker
               



            's in Portman-square, and instead of that, he converted them to his own use; these are palent locks, and the word patent is stamped upon them; they are all my own property, I wish there was any question about it; these locks were shewn to the prisoner the next morning before the Magistrate, he then confessed he had robbed me of these things; and that he sold the whole of them to one Jones for five shillings, and that he never should have thought of robbing me if he had not known where to sell the things; I had the best opinion of the man before; I have Jones in Newgate; If there had been an hundred concerned as receivers, I should have sued them all: Locks that cost me seven or eight shillings a-piece at prime cost, and all of them to be bought for five shillings; that is getting money with a vengeance.
Prisoner's Council. Your only wish was to come at the goods? - I am a man of property, and I could have afforded to have lost it.
But in your lenity to the prisoner, you informed him that if he would give a clue to the goods, he should receive favor? - He said, I had been the best of masters, and he would tell the truth.
Do not you apprehend he expected favor? Was not he threatened by the Magistrate? - The Magistrate behaved exceedingly well throughout the business, and that you said yourself: You said, he knew the law very well.
The locks were not found on the prisoner? - No, Sir, but he sold them to your client.
- ISAACS sworn.
I went to the prisoner's lodgings, and found all these articles, they have been in my possession ever since: I found the locks at one Mr. Dunn's in Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell.


                  JONATHAN
                   REDGRAVE
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner, I followed him to a chandler's shop, and took this parcel of locks, I went to his lodgings with the prosecutor.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
This day fortnight, I went up to shut the windows; after that, what papers laid about, I put into my pocket, to ask the shopmen if they were sold or not: I was ordered to go to Belton-street, I went with what I had in my pocket, and I went to the chandler's shop for a pint of small beer: I said, what I had was Mr. Oldham's: At Justice Blackborow's, I was told if I would not confess, I should go up Holborn backwards and be hanged. I hope the prosecutor will give me a character.
Prosecutor. You know prisoner, I had the highest opinion of you, and if you had wanted ten guineas I would have lent them to you: There were no threats used: You looked at the things on the desk, and owned every circumstance.
Prisoner. My wife has been out of her senses for nine months, and I have two children.
The prisoner called one Witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
