






559. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CURRY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RILEY
                  



               
             were indicted, for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Grig
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of one in the night, of the 3d day of June
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, six pair of shoes, value 8 s. one pair of silver buckles, value 12 s. one pair of metal ditto, value 1 s. and one frying pan, value 2 s. a tin saucepan, value 1 s. one linen apron, value 6 d. four towels, value 1 s. one iron trivet, value 4 d. one copper tea-kettle, value 1 s.
             the property of the said 
               
                  George
                   Grig
               



            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  GEORGE
                   GRIG
               



             sworn.
I am in the gardening and nursery way
, I live at Stepney


; my house was broke open in the night of the 3d of June last, or early on the next morning; I saw every thing safe myself at eleven on the Sunday evening; every place was fast about the house; when I got up in the morning about five, after it was light, I remarked the place broke open; then I found one of the kitchen windows broke open, and the things missing that are in the indictment; the kitchen window was fastened with a casement and a wooden shutter withinside, and bars; they broke the glass, and cut a hole in the shutter, and got at the bar, and got the bar out; I lost four pair of shoes of mine, and two pair of my wife's, and one pair of silver buckles, and one pair of plaited; a trivet and two saucepans were carried out of the outside of the house; then I looked about and missed the boiling copper; then I saw the window open, and saw some saucepans laying with a quartern loaf and a large trevit, which had not been taken away; the gridirons were taken away; I missed towels from behind the kitchen door, and I found a woman's apron, and two pair of woman's shoes in the field, in the hay, about a hundred yards from my house; there they had pitched the copper, by the mark on the grass; I found four towels with the copper, and a pair of shoes and buckles on the prisoner Curry's feet, with my name in the shoes; I believe nothing else was found; the shoes that were on his feet were not worth any thing hardly; I am sure they were in my house the night before; this was the next morning, on Monday morning, which was the King's birth-day; the silver shoe-buckles and the other shoes were not found.

Did you see the shoes and buckles on Curry's feet? - Yes, I saw them taken off his feet in the watch-house; I know nothing about Riley.


                  WILLIAM
                   HONDEY
               



             sworn.
I am patrol on St. George's-road; about ten minutes after four on Monday, in St. George's-road, I saw the prisoner Curry coming with the copper on his head; I immediately stopped him, and asked him how he came by the copper; he said he did not fear any thing, he came by it honestly, and was hired to carry it to Billingsgate; I took him to the watch-house; the officer of the night was gone home; I knocked up the beadle, and he took charge of him; in taking the copper from his head, he dropped three towels; they were long towels.


                  GEORGE
                   FORRESTER
               



             sworn.
I am an officer at Shadwell; the prosecutor and a rope-maker at Shadwell came to my house on Monday morning the 4th of June, and informed me of the robbery, and desired me to go to the watch-house, that was between seven and eight; I went, and the prisoner said that about three on Monday morning, a man gave him sixpence to carry that copper to Billingsgate; he said he had nothing else; he had a pair of long trowsers on, and he kept his legs back; I put out his legs, and found a pair of shoes on his feet, with Mr. Grig's name upon them, and a pair of buckles, and I found a knife in his pocket.
(The shoes and buckles produced and deposed to.)


                  JAMES
                   HAGUE
               



             sworn.
I am a milkman, about four on the 4th of June, going down Back-lane, and another milkman with me of the name of Skiesley we met this Joe Currie with a large copper on his back, we called to the patrol, and he immediately stopped him, and he went exceedingly peaceably; when we got through St. George's turnpike there were two gardens railed on each side, about half way the railing, and there is a ditch, this 
               
                  Thomas
                   Riley
               



             was kneeled down when I first saw him (I was then about sixty or seventy yards from him) pushing something through the rails with his arm; he was at the corner of a ditch, he then went down into the ditch, came out again, and took a tea kettle and threw it over the rails; we passed him then, and I got over into the gardens to see what he had been pushing through; I found three pieces of lead doubled up, and a tea kettle, I took them out and pursued him, but he made his escape that morning; I never saw him before to my knowledge. On Friday the 29th of June, in the evening, we found him at the Shovel in East-Smithfield, and had hold of him, but they beat us, and turned us out, and the landlord told us to go out of the house, not to breed any disturbance there; I suppose there was above forty black people in that house; then we went to Justice Staples, the officers met me the next morning, and found him in the same house, and took him; I am quite sure he is the same man that threw over the tea kettle.


                  JOHN
                   SKEISLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a milkman, on the 4th of June, about four, I was going along from the Back-lane, the last witness and me, and we met Curry with the copper on his head, we called to the patrol, and we saw him take him to the watch-house; we proceeded on through the turnpike by a garden, and there we saw this 
               
                  Thomas
                   Riley
               



             down on his knees packing something into the garden, presently he went down into the ditch and got up again and put his arms through the rails again, then he got up and threw over a tea kettle, and Riley came towards us; now says I, we will take a full view of him, to see if we know him; we went and looked through the rails, the first thing I saw was a tea kettle, my partner went over and found some lead; I went after Reiley, two men came along and called stop thief, but he got clear off at that time, there was anotherrunning, but I did not see any other with him at that time.
(The tea kettle produced.)
I carried it to the turnpike, and left it with the man's servant that keeps the turnpike, he is not here.
How can you tell that is the same kettle? - Very well, I left it before I marked it in the turn-pike house four, five or six minutes, I do not think it was more, because we were afraid of losing our pails which we left in the garden; I saw him ten or twelve days after, but I said nothing to him: on the 29th of June in the morning, before four, I was going along by the Shovel, and I saw Riley come out of Black-Horse yard with a large bundle, I was by myself, and I watched him, and followed him, and he went to Mr. Moses or Abraham or some such name; and I told my partner, he went over on the same night, we went into the Shovel and looked round the house, and there I saw Riley sit in the corner; I said to Hague, here is the other man that robbed Mr. Grig; we laid hold of him and wanted to bring him out of the house, but there was such a parcel in the house, that he got away from us; then we went to Justice Staples, and told him, for the landlord said what business have you in my house to breed a riot, you shall not take him; there were between thirty and forty people, the Justice said his men should go and take him, but they took him the next morning; I am sure the prisoner Riley is the same man I saw throw the kettle over, I cannot say I ever saw him before.


                  THOMAS
                   COLE
               



             sworn.
I am an officer, the prosecutor came to my house, me and Forrester went down, the black man was in the watch-house, we went and searched him, and found a pair of shoes that were too good for him to wear, and there was Mr. Grig's name on them; then we had information sometime afterwards by a black man, and took Riley at the Shovel in Smithfield, I believe that may be some days, it was on the 30th of June; it was on the 4th the robbery was done, I found nothing on the prisoner.
PRISONER CURRY's DEFENCE.
A man gave me the property, and I should know him, one of them has a cut in the face; this is not the man that gave me the property, he is innocent, I have 8 l. a year from their majesties, and it being Bow Fair Time, I was coming along between four and five in the morning, and I met these two men, they were well dressed, and they asked me where I was going, they asked me to earn six pence, and to carry this copper to Billingsgate, and they would give me six pence and a pot of beer, they put it on my head, I did not see what was inside of it; they had a bundle of shoes under their arm, and I asked them to give me an old pair of shoes, he bid me put on the shoes, and a pair of buckles, they put them on my feet; one had a cut in the face, and one had a pair of blue breeches and a short jacket, one was dressed like a gentleman.
Prosecutor. I am sure of the tea kettle.
PRISONER RILEY's DEFENCE.
My I never save my soul if I ever knew any thing of it any more than the child unborn, I have a year's wages due from the Royal George, I had not been two days from Portsmouth before these men came following me.
BOTH 


               GUILTY. Of stealing, not of the Burglary
            .
Each 



               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
