





391. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CROAKER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th day of February
 last, a silk handkerchief, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Hinton
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   HINTON
               



             sworn.
On the 28th of February, or the 1st of March, I will not be positive which, I was in Long-acre, on the left hand side, beyond James-street


; and I heard a voice behind me say, your pocket is picked; the prisoner at the bar immediately passed me and run; he had time to secret the handkerchief; it was the fellow of this; it was in his right hand; I pursued him myself and called out stop thief the length of the street; I lost him for a minute; he was stopped in Rose-lane; I came up to him and collared him, and a posse of people surrounded us; I found he had delivered the handkerchief; they wanted to duck him; I took him to the Public-office; the handkerchief, I suppose, he had quitted the moment he turned into Rose-street; I did not see what became of it; I never got it afterwards; the person who told me I had my pocket picked was bound over to prosecute, by Sir 
               
                  Robert
                   Taylor
               



            ; I did not trouble him to go before the Grand Jury; all this passed in a very few moments; Sir Robert committed him to Newgate.
Was it a new handkerchief or an old one? - It has been washed; I valued it at three shillings.
DOMINICK WILSON sworn.
I was coming up Long-acre; opposite to that gentleman; as I was passing him I saw the prisoner put his hand in his pocket and take the handkerchief out; and I said, young man, is that the way you are going on; I told the prosecutor his pocket was picked.
Did you see him take a handkerchief? - Yes, I pursued him and took him.
Did you see him part with the handkerchief? - I cannot say whether I did or no; I will not say that I did.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been of an errand for my father, into great Wild-street; coming back downLong-acre, I heard the alarm of stop thief; I run with the rest, and they laid hold of me; I have several friends at the door.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who all gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
