





89. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of October
 last, one deal box, value 6 d. one piece of satin, containing forty-one yards, value 17 l. one piece of silk, called mode, containing sixty-four ells, value 9 l. one other piece, containing sixty-four ells, value 17 l. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Loveday
                     



                  ; ten pieces of nankeen, containing fifty yards, value 3 l. ten cards of black silk-lace, value 9 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Leif
                  



               
            , and another.


                  JOHN
                   LOVEDAY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner is our porter
; his business was to carry out goods and receive orders; he brought me a letter in the name of Euphelia Bate, soliciting goods; the letter is a French letter, dated at Aberdeen, the 25th of September, signed Euphelia Bate; he said the reason of the letter being in French was, that he and she had conversed in French; the material part of the letter is this:
"According to my promise, I give
"you commission for silks for gowns;
"and I beg that you will take care that
"they shall be very good, and particularly
"in the colour, otherwise they will
"not answer, as I told you before; you
"may send also some cards of French
"lace, the Tame as the last; and six or
"eight pieces of China linen (nankeen)
"as the other that were before sent to
"me." The other parts of the letter are what she will do when she comes to town: In this letter was enclosed a bill of the Antwerp, which failed either the 11th or 12th of October; I sent the prisoner with it on the 11th of October, and three or four times after I sent him with a box; he asked me if I had wrote to Miss Bate of Aberdeen, as he received an answer by the post from her; the order was for two pieces of mode at 5 s. 6 d. and a piece of white satin at 7 s. or 8 s. Before I executed the order, I enquired Miss Bate's character, and received so satisfactory an account, that I determined to execute the order; and the order for the nankeens, I gave to Messrs. Leise and Co. In consequence of a letter I received, I suspected the goods were not sent; the prisoner was out at the time I went to the wharf to enquire if any such parcel had been brought there; in the course of the evening afterwards, I accused the prisoner; he denied it; I told him, that I had reason to believe that the letter which he had brought me, purporting to be the hand-writing of Miss Bate, was a forgery of his own, and that the receipt which he brought me, purporting to be the hand-writing of Captain 
               
                  Airn
               


            , was a forgery also; and that the goods were made away with: he seemed to be much struck that I should entertain any such idea; why, says I, Jones, it is in vain for you to deny it; says I, here are two capital offences against you, two forgeries; he stood speechless for a quarter of an hour, looking down on the ground; at last he said, you will never see them again.
You told him they were capital offences? - Yes.
Did you tell him it would be better for him if he did, or worse for him if he did not, confess? - I told him it was a duty incumbent upon me, both to myself and to the publick, to give him up to the law.
Did you tell him that it would be better for for him to confess the whole? - I told him, probably it might obtain him favour in the court, but I never promised him any mercy.
Court. After that we cannot hear what he said, but you may tell us what you did in consequence of what he said? - We found part of the goods at Mr. Cave's, I think, the last Friday in October; there were twelve yards of the white sattin, partof forty-one yards, and some cards of lace, which are in court.
What is Mr. Cave? - A haberdasher in Holborn.
Were these things that you found at Mr. Cave's, part of the order? - They were; and the goods are in court; I found four pieces of nankeen at Mr. Bradbourne's, a taylor; a piece of lace at Mr. Fletcher's in the Strand; one piece at Mr. Wanley's; part of the modes, and four pieces of nankeen at the prisoner's lodgings in his box; I knew the lodgings to be his the whole time he lived with me.
Prisoner. Please to ask Mr. Loveday, whether he did not promise me not to prosecute, if I would produce the goods, or procure 40 l. to pay him down immediately? - He wanted me particularly to go to his friends to take a bond, which I refused; I told him it was neither doing justice to myself, nor the publick; I never made him any promise.
Prisoner. Please to ask Mr. Loveday, whether he did not tell me, if I was given up to the law, I was a dead man; but if I could procure a friend to enter into a bond, either jointly or separately, or lay the money down, he would burn the paper, and say nothing more of it? - I never mentioned a word relative to burning the paper, of any kind.


                  JOHN
                   CAVE
               



             sworn.
I am a haberdasher in Holborn, No. 273.
Do you recollect a remnant of white satin, and some lace that were found in your shop? - Yes; I bought them of the prisoner the latter end of October; they were found by Mr. Loveday and Mr. Leise.
When, and from whom did you get these goods? - From the prisoner; I believe it was on the 14th of October, the prisoner called at my house, and solicited an order for Mr. Loveday, which he had frequently done before; I informed him there was nothing wanted; he then mentioned to me, that Mr. Loveday had got a piece of three-quarters satin that was damaged by the dresser, and he meant to return it on the dresser's hands; if I wished to buy it, he could sell it me a job; I told him it was an article we had very little call for, and sold very little of; but if Mr. Loveday proposed selling it very cheap, the first time he came by our house, he might call and shew it to me; he accordingly came the same morning, about three hours after, about three o'clock the same day, telling me had brought the piece of satin he was mentioning to me; I desired him to open it; I looked at it, and found it was burnt in several places, apparently by the dresser; I asked him the price, he said 6 s. or thereabouts, allowing two yards damages; I told him I could buy it cheaper; I made an account, and I offered him 4 s. a yard, that was the most I told him, and I would give no more; he told me he could not sell it for that; I told him I had not the least wish to give more; he stopped some time, and he said, he believed he must let me have it, and he would have no farther trouble with it; accordingly when I bought the satin of him, I desired him to make a bill of it, and I would pay him the money; I looked over the bill, and found it was right; then I said, I expected an interest of five per cent; he objected to that, that Mr. Loveday would not find it agreeable to him; I told him then to make my compliments to Mr. Loveday, and tell him to set it down to my account; he said the dresser was accountable; he believed he must let me have it; and I took the discount of five per cent. for them; after he had sold me the satin, says he, Mr. Cave, I have a few cards of black lace that I have to sell by commission, for a friend of mine, who supposes, as I know the trade, I should be more likely to sell them than he should; I looked at the laces, and asked him the prices of them; he told me the price; I thought them too dear; I left him: that was the only business at that time, and he went away; about ten days after he called, soliciting an order as before, for Mr. Loveday; I told him therewas nothing wanted; he then mentioned to me that he had not sold all the black laces he shewed me before, he had a part of them left, and if I would take the trouble of looking at these he had, and he would tell him the most I would give for them, if he could take the money he would, as they were for a stranger, that wanted money; I looked at them, and told him the most I could give, paying ready money; he objected to the price of one or two, and said he could not take it; there is a bill in court, which the prosecutor has of the prices: after I paid him for the laces he went away.
Court. You are a haberdasher in Holborn? - Yes.
Had you any dealings with Mr. Loveday before this? - Yes; I bought some things some time back; I never bought any goods of this man; he called for orders; I never gave him any orders; I have dealt at Mr. Loveday's, but not in the time of this young man's living there.
In what manner did you deal at that time? - They were gauzes, and some things; I did not go to the shop; I never go out; the goods are always brought to me; I gave my orders to the former young man that lived with Mr. Loveday; I do not know his name; the goods were bought with my approbation, and a bill of parcels were made of them; I bought them for credit; they were placed to my account by Mr. Loveday.
Had you ever bought any for ready money before? - No, I believe I never did; I did not certainly; the account was closed some time back.
Court. Let me advise you never to buy bargains in this way again; it is not a proper conduct for reputable men in trade; but take my advice, and do not do it again? - I will not, my Lord, I have had enough of it in this transaction.
(The things produced.)
This is the satin found at Mr. Cave's; I would not swear positively to the satin, because it is not impossible that another piece might be similar, but the papers they are in I swear positively to, with my own hand-writing in it.
Jury. Is that satin really damaged? - The satin when it went out of my house was quite perfect, as good a piece as ever I saw, but it had been singed in two places; Mr. Cave shewed me one part, which is about fourteen inches to the best of my knowledge; I asked him to give me that up with this, but it has never been given up; he then said, there was another piece that was cut out; the satin was worth 8 s. a yard, and Mr. Cave gave 4 s. for it.
Jury. Several of the jury are in the satin trade (looks at the satin.)


                  WILLIAM
                   LEIFE
               



             sworn.
Look at those cards of lace? - I believe the laces are mine, but the cards are changed.
Is there any thing that enables you to speak with certainty as to the laces? - I believe they are my patterns, but the cards are changed.
Cave. I changed the cards; I will speak if you please; the laces were measured over when they were bought from the prisoner; the cards they were on were very indifferent ones; I desired one of my servants to put them on better cards, as they shewed better; that was the reason they were changed.
What became of the other cards? - They may be about the shop now; we always change the cards: the satin was cut in three or four different parts of it; we threw away what we could make nothing off.
Court to Cave. It is fit you should know the full extent of your imprudence, to call it no worse name. I can tell you this, that if you had been indicted on this, I should have left it to the jury; I should have given them no direction to have acquitted you; you do not stand in that situation now, and I hope your future conduct will keep you from the like again.
Prisoner to Cave. Whether there wasnot some previous agreement between you and me before I brought the satin?
Court. As that question goes rather to criminate Mr. Cave, than to excuse you, and as he is not indicted, I will not put that question to him.
Cave. I will answer it, my lord, if you please, I wish to answer it; he never spoke to me respecting the satin, till the morning he called upon me, in the same manner I have related; there was no previous agreement.
JAMES STARKEY sworn.
The prisoner lodged at my house, I know when the prisoner brought his box to his lodging, five weeks last Saturday; I asked him what he had there; he said he had a box that was sent him out of the country; I cannot say whether it was the box that was found there, I never saw the box any where till it was brought down broke to pieces.
Court to Loveday. What things did you find in this box? - Here are part of the modes, each piece has been cut.
Are there any of the packages that you know? - I can swear to my hand writing on both pieces.
Liefe. I can swear to the nankeen.
Prisoner. My Lord, I wish to ask Mr. Liefe a few questions, whether he did not go with Mr. Loveday and myself, to my uncle in Oxford-street, on purpose to get a bond signed for forty pound, in order to have the papers burnt, and the affair compromised.
Liefe. We went with Mr. Jones, as he said, to his uncle's; Mr. Loveday went out of the coach to his uncle's, and I staid in the coach with Jones.
Court to Prisoner. What have you else to say? - I have not been able to subpoena witnesses, otherwise I have very material ones.
Court. You are not so uninformed a young man, as not to know that you have a right to subpoenas for your witnesses; and that if you could not have procured the attendance of those witnesses, the Court would have put off your trial? - I did not know it, I have several respectable gentleman to my character, but they are not in Court.
Court to Jury. The question whether this order was real or forged, is not material in the present case; and in this I have also the opinion of Mr. Justice Wilson; this might be an order of Miss Bate, of Aberdeen, and there might be a further order. If the prisoner had obtained the goods in consequence of that order, the offence would rather have been that of obtaining goods by false pretences; than that of felony; but whether the goods were obtained by a real order or not, it appears that instead of carrying them to the wharf, he opened the box, and took out the goods; that is clearly a felony.



               GUILTY
            .
Court to Prisoner. You have been convicted upon very clear and satisfactory evidence, of an offence, attended with such circumstances, which if they had in point of law warranted an indictment and conviction for a capital offence, I certainly should not have recommended you to his majesty's mercy, because I do not remember a circumstance that appears more dangerous, as more aggravated by a breach of trust; you by an artful contrivance have availed yourself of the goods of your master, to plunder and convert them to your use; under these circumstances therefore you certainly ought to receive as severe a sentence, as the law can inflict; and the indictment not being capital, the punishment of the law is transportation for seven years; if the law permitted me to go further in this case, I certainly would do it; and therefore you may rest assured, that any reference of the case to me, unless any circumstances, that seem to be impossible, in this case should come out, I shall never recommend you to any remission of that sentence, which is, that you be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
