





536. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EBBOURN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st day of June
, a metal watch, value 20 s. a chain, value 6 d. a seal, value 2 d. a key, value 1 d. two small iron keys, value 1 d. a hook, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Crawford
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   CRAWFORD
               



             sworn.
On Thursday last I lost my watch about two in the afternoon, the corner of St. Paul's church-yard


; the children were coming out of St. Paul's, and there was a crowd; I got hustled, and I found my watch was gone out of my pocket; I had my eye upon the man, at the same time my hands were pinioned down among the crowd; as soon as I got my hands at liberty, I laid hold of the prisoner, I charged him with having my watch; I saw my watch in the prisoner's left hand, he afterwards dropped the watch; the constable assisted me to take him, and the watch was picked up; I am sure the prisoner is the man in whose hands I saw the watch.


                  JOHN
                   BUTLER
               



             sworn.
I had been at Guildhall, and was coming home, I saw a great mob of people many of whom I knew, eight or nine in a gang; I stopped about four or five minutes; the prosecutor said to the prisoner, you have got my watch, accordingly I looked, and saw the watch in the prisoner's hand, I was going to lay hold of his hand; and I am lame, which stopped me a little; but I saw him drop the watch, he seemed to put it back for some of his comrades to lay hold of, but there were none; I delivered him up to the patrol.


                  WILLIAM
                   FORSYTH
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner.
Prosecutor. It is the same watch that was picked up from the ground, it is my watch.
Prisoner. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
