






25. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MARTIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th day of November

 last, thirty yards of long lawn, value 42 s. six linen handkerchiefs, value 10 s. seventeen yards of long lawn, value 25 s. three yards and a half of callico wrapper, value 5 s. a remnant of gingham, value 5 s. and a remnant of callico, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Hubert 
                           Hussey
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        John 
                        Witter
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           Jacob 
                           Wood
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Hubert Hussey.
            

And 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving part of the said goods, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  HUBERT
                   HUSSEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Cheapside; my partners names; are 
               
                  John
                   Witter
               



             and 
               
                  Jacob
                   Wood
               



            , but I keep the house; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  SAMUEL
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. You call yourself 
               
                  Samuel
                   Allen
               



            ? - That is my name.
Have you ever been bantized? - Yes.
Do you know the nature of an oath? - Yes.
What is the nature of an oath? - If I swear to a false oath, I swear my soul to the devil.
Court. How long have you been in this country? - About five years; I came from New York; I am servant to Mr. Culliford's; I remember bringing some shop goods to the prosecutor's, I carried a piece of cloth, I do not justly know what it was, I carried them, it was linen cloth, that was on the 30th of November; I found it on Mr. Longman's stairs.
Who is Mr. Longman? - A musical instrument maker in Cheapside; I go up some stairs to Mr. Culliford's shop; it is a shop where he finishes instruments of music; when I found it, I threw it into a packing case, and went up stairs, and acquainted the men; and in about three minutes afterwards, I carried it up stairs into the shop where the men was at work; they advised me to leave it till the next day, to hear if it was enquired for; it was not enquired for, so I took it down to Mr.Hussey's, that is next door; I do not know how it came there.
Mr. Garrow. Messrs. Longman and Brodrip employ a great many men in their trade? - A great many.
Their house adjoins to Messrs. Hussey's and Witter's? - Yes; there is a church-yard at the back of both houses; there is a back court between his house and the warehouse; the court runs between the two front houses and the warehouses.
Is there any difficulty in getting from Mr. Longman's warehouse to Mr. Hussey's warehouse? - I cannot say about that, there is no back way to go, he might go down the trap door where they put the linen, if he liked to jump down.


                  Hubert
                   Hussey
               



            . This servant brought in this piece of long lawn into my house.
Mr. Garrow. What paper is that? - It is an account of the quantity of goods.
That was the day after the transaction? - It might be thereabouts; it was made in order to be correct; I know the goods to be my property; the prisoner was out when this happened; he was my servant at that time; when he came back, I called in my neighbour Mr. Longman, as the goods were found on his stairs, I begged he would be there while I accused the prisoner of stealing the things.
Did you tell him it would be better for him or worse for him? - Nothing of that kind; I accused him of putting the long lawn in that situation; he at first deny'd it; I told him it was of no use to deny it, I knew it was a fact; he very suddenly confessed it, and Mr. Longman was by, he said he did take it, with intention for Mr. Longman's servant to take it away at night; that Mr. Longman's servant, 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Williams
               



            , had agreed to take it away at night.
Court. That evidence will not do against 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Williams
               



            .
Mr. Hussey. He confessed the taking another piece of long lawn, and carrying it to 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Williams
               



            ; I told him I knew it was so, and that it was of no use for him to deny it.
That you repeated probably more than once? - I do not know that I did; he suddenly charged himself with the offence.
He had denied it before? - He did.
Mr. Garrow Then I submit to your Lordship, that is a threat.
Mr. Hussey. Mr. Longman also gives the same account.
How long had Martin lived with you? - I cannot justly say, about six months; he came to me very strongly recommended, and he was very much entrusted by me.
Mr. HUSSEY, jun. sworn.
I am son to Mr. Hussey, he sent me with the constables down to 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Williams
               



            's house, to see if there was any property in the house of ours; I went and found seventeen yards of long lawn, five small pieces of long lawn, three yards and an half of callico wrapper, and three handkerchiefs there. I brought them back. The prisoner Martin confessed he had taken them. We found at a washerwomans some more goods of ours: she is confined.
Mr. Garrow. This conversation with Martin was after what had passed between him and your father? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   POTTER
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Hussey; I went with Mr. Hussey's son to the washerwoman's, 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Justice
               



            , and found two pocket handkerchiefs.
Mr. Garrow. She is not here, she is committed for receiving.
Patter. And there we found two yards of gingham for a waistcoat, and about three yards and a half of callico; I shewed them to Martin, and he said he knew nothing of them; however, after some time, he confessed he had brought them there, and given them to the woman.
Was there any thing said to make him confess that? - No.
Was you present when he confessed? - Yes.
Was your master present? - No.
Was there any thing held out to him? - No.

Mr. Garrow. that was after the goods were brought by Allen? - It was after he confessed the former articles.
You knew very well at that time he had made a confession? - I certainly did.
Then it was a conclusion of the same transaction; it was an inquiry into more goods, the property of Mr. Hussey? - No doubt of it.
You say, that after some time he confessed; how was that some time employed? - It was after it was known in the family.
Was not it said, why you know you have confessed? - I do not recollect any thing of the kind.
Try and bring your recollection a little back; because these mens lives are at stake. - That time was employed by Mr. Hussey's son saying he knew them to be their property.
And adding to it, therefore it is no use your denying in it? - I did not hear him threaten him; he charged him with bringing the goods there, in a very pointed manner, several times, which he denied.
Did not you hear it would be as well to confess? - He was charged with it very pointedly, and after that he confessed it, I do not recollect conversation about his having confessed any thing else.
Court. Do you know whether any of these goods were kept in the warehouse in the yard? - I do not know, they might be kept there.
Prosecutor. They were kept in the fore warehouse, I know that of my own knowledge; these that the confessed made of the whole quantity.
Mr. Garrow. You have two houses, one at the other end of the town? - I have.
You deal very largely? - Yes; he confessed that he took it at two different times.
What is the prime-cost value of any one piece of those that was found? - More than I have charged, it is charged at forty-two shillings.
I ask you what any one thing, in the state in which it was found, was worth? - That piece of long lawn that was found on the stairs cost upwards of two guineas, I mean to say it cost me upwards of two guineas.
How long ago? - Sometime.
How long? - Several months.
It is a commodity that sometimes varies in its price? - It is worth a great deal more.


                  EDWARD
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner on Saturday evening, I went to Williams's, and took charge of several pieces of linen.
Court to Hussey. You have indicted this man on one charge with stealing goods, which in fact appear to have been stolen at several times; now the law does not suffer that; this ought to have been said in several counts, containing several charges; you cannot go upon all of them; which do you wish to proceed upon first? there was a piece of long lawn that was found on the stair case at Longman's, another piece, you say, was found at another time; you must go for one or the other; it is all laid as one charge, now it appears to be stolen at different times.
Mr. Garrow. Do you go for that second piece, it is charged at twenty-five shillings.
Court. It is so understood, that he goes for that. - I was with Mr. Potter; I found at Williams's several pieces of linen, I carried them to Mr. Hussey's house in Cheapside.
Court. There is no evidence against the accomplice but the confession of the prisoner.


                  ROBERT
                   CAMPBELL
               



             sworn.
I live in Leicester-fields, I am upholsterer to his Majesty; I have known the prisoner Martin, he was my porter five months; he came to me in November, 1785, very strongly recommended; I found him deserving the best of characters; I trusted him in a room between my shopand my house as a guard over all my property, he might have robbed me to a great amount; he was a very sober, decent man, and a man that kept the Sabbath extraordinary well.
Mr. - KINLEY sworn.
I knew the prisoner before he lived with me, which was two years ago; I was very sorry to part with him he was so good a servant; he went from me to Mr. Campbell's; I have known him three years an extraordinary good character; I never had a servant I trusted more than I did him; I was astonished to hear where he was.
- MARTIN sworn.
I live in Hog-lane; he is not related to me; he lived with me five or six months; I have known him three years; I trusted him as I had done others, and always found him honest and faithful; he slept in my warehouse, where he could have done me a great deal of injury; and I always found him honest and faithful.
- HECTOR sworn.
I have known him between three and four years as honest, and as good a lad as ever came within any man's doors, and all his character has been of the same sort; he has lived with me when he was out of place, and that was the time to be a thief.
Prosecutor. The 17 yards of long lawn is such as I lost; but there are no marks by which I can swear to positively.


                  WILLIAM
                   MARTIN
               



            , 


               GUILTY. 25 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .


                  BENJAMIN
                   WILLIAMS
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
