





806. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FARMER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th day of September
, one woman's cloth cloak, value 5 s. and one tea spoon, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clifton
                  




               
            .


                  NICHOLAS
                   KEATING
               



             sworn.
I was in Stepney church-yard, and one Nash, a little boy, called to me, Master, master, here is a thief, and upon the grass I found a silver spoon, where the prisoner and Nash were scuffling together; I carried the spoon to Mrs. Clifton; she owned it.


                  WILLIAM
                   NASH
               



             sworn.
I am turned of fifteen; this was a holiday, and we went a blackberrying to Epping Forest, and I saw the prisoner and another young man come out of the prosecutor's house, which is in Whitehorse-street, Stepney


, and he brought something out of the house, which appeared afterwards to be a cloak, and he wrapped it up, and put it under his arm; then he ran on a little ahead, and there were two more young fellows, and I saw the tallest of the fellows beckon to him, then I thought they were after no good by that means, I followed them, and when they came to Stepney church-yard, going to the World's End, he dropped the cloak; I saw him drop it; I am sure it was him that dropped it; and one of the boys said, whose cloak is this, says the prisoner, it may be yours for any thing I know, so then I caught hold of him, and called to this man; I did not see the tea spoon picked up.


                  William
                   Smith
               



            . I am going in fifteen.
Court. Do you know the nature of an oath? - No, Sir.
Do you know what the consequence will be if you speak false? - If I tell a lie I shall go to the devil.


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I was with Nash, and I saw the cloak among some stinging nettles, I carried it to the woman's house, and she owned it; I knew her, and I knew her cloak.
Nash. I saw the prisoner drop the cloak.


                  James
                   Terry
               



            . I am 14 next October.
Do you know the nature of an oath? - Yes.
What will happen to you if you do not speak the truth? - I shall go where all the naughty children go. Me, 
               
                  William
                   Smith
               



            , and 
               
                  William
                   Nash
               



            , were going to take a walk to Epping Forest, and Nash said, there is a boy and a young man with him, he has got something, and I saw him have the cloak under his arm, and drop it.
Was it the same cloak that Smith picked up? - Yes.
(The things deposed to.)

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to my aunt's in Stepney church-yard, and the boy came to me, and challenged me with the cloak; it was laid among some stinging nettles, I said I knew nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
