






762. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th day of August
, one watch made of silver, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Spencer
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   SPENCER
               



             sworn.
I lost my watch on the 10th of August, in the fields going to Paddington


; I had been in town about a fortnight. I was going from Oxford-road, when a man overtook me; Sir, says he, here is a fine wind to day; yes Sir, says I, it is so; as we were walking along, he saw something, so he said somebody had dropped a garter, yes says I, it is a fine one too; it happened to be a purse; he picked it up and put in his pocket; says he, come along with me and we will see what there is in it, he said he was going in the fields, he was going to receive some money, he said he always came up once a year; I went with him and set down to see what was in the purse, and he put his hand in the purse, and he pulled out a letter, he said, here is something, can you read? yes, says I, a little; he gave me the letter to read; while I was reading it, the prisoner came by, this was not the prisoner I had been talking to, the man said, this man has picked up a purse; says he, I will ask this gentleman, so he called, Sir, to the prisoner, I will be glad to speak to you; so there was a receipt for 136 l. but says he, this is of no use if we have not the property; so he looked into the purse again, and there was a little box with cotton, and amongst the cotton was this fine diamond ring, so says he, this is fine luck, I would have you keep it to yourself, and say nothing about it, and I dare say it will be advertised to-morrow; says the other man, I found it, but this man was with me; says the prisoner, are you willing he should have part of it? says he, what do you desire? says the prisoner give him 40 l. I said I should be very well satisfied with 40 l. says he, I will go and fetch the money; says he, I will keep the ring, and make a present of it to a gentlewoman in the country; so he was going off to receive the money, and the prisoner said, let me keep the ring for safety till your return, so he gave him the ring, and he came back, and said he could not raise the money now, the gentleman is not at home, but he will be at home at six o'clock; I said we will stay, as this gentleman is a stranger to me and to you; this gentleman said his name was Johnson, he kept a livery-stable in Oxford-Road; we stopped with this gentleman to receive the money; so he said I will keep the ring, and the man that found the ring said, you must give me something in security; so the prisoner pulled out a note of thirty-five pounds, which he said was as good as money, and the prisoner said, I will give the man that, if you will give him your watch, and I was to go to the prisoner's house till he came; he asked me what a clock it was, I pulled out my watch; says he, shall I have your watch? I said I do not care, you may have it if you will, so I held my hand to him, and he took it and put the note with it into his pocket; this young man went away, the prisoner staid with me till after he was gone; he hurried the other away to make baste back; we staid some time after, and we walked away towards Portland-square, as we were going along, says he, I will tell you what, I would not have you have too much beer, says he, go forward, I shall be at home in two or three minutes, you stop till I come; he told me to go to his house, he said he kept a livery-stable at the top of Oxford-Road; I parted from him, and went and enquired for him, I could find no such person; I mentioned it the next day, and one of the runners said if I would give him five shillings he would bring him to me; the man was taken on the morrow, I cannot tell where he was taken, he was not searched; my watch was never found.
For what purpose did you let him have the watch? - For security for the diamond ring; I gave him this watch with this note in security for the ring; he was to give me the watch back when the other brought the money; the other man had the watch; the prisoner was to produce the ring.

Mr. Garrow. I believe, Mr. Spencer, after you got into company with the runner you thought it would be a good thing to get a couple of guineas by this? - I did not want to get a couple of guineas.
Did not you offer somebody, that if this man, or any body for him, would give you two guineas, and not prosecute you for compounding the felony, you would make an end of it? - I said if it was made up before the justice.
What are you? - A carpenter.
Who might you work for? - Mr. Dodd.
You are one of those that have struck, I suppose? - I am not one of those that have struck; I have had work till the week that I came on this business, I was in work at the same time; Mr. Dodd lives in Little George-street, Portland Chapel, I had worked for him near upon a fortnight, I have not been out of work at all, I had been at work half that day, I never saw either of these people before.
Then you gave your watch to the other man, I take it for granted, that you might not run away with the ring? - Yes.
You did not recollect it did not belong to you? - I knew it did not; I said to them, you must not keep it, but when it is advertised, you must return it to the owner.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The prosecutor and another came and apprehended me; I told them you are very wrong, for I was at a butcher's in Compton-street from one till half past four, I dined there and drank tea in the afternoon, I was going to take the shop.
Court. What time of the day was this? - Half after two, or near three.
The Prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
