





89. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HILL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Clarke
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven at night, on the 21st day of October
 last, and burglariously stealing therein one wooden till, value 4 d. five shillings, and two hundred and thirty-five pieces of copper money, called halfpence, the property of the said 
                     
                        James
                         Clarke
                     



.


                  JAMES
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I keep a chandler's shop
, No. 6, in Adam and Eve court, Tottenham-court-road


; on Friday the 21st of October, between six and seven in the evening, I was serving some person in my shop, and when they went out they did not shut the door after them, I went round and put it too, it goes with a spring lock and brass knob on each side the door; and my wife was calling me to tea in the parlour, which is about fifteen feet from the shop door, I had just sat down in the parlour, I turned my head round and saw the prisoner throw himself upon the counter with his feet off the ground and his body a top of the counter, I ran to catch hold of him in that position, but I fell over a tub of coals that stood in my shop, but I saw the prisoner go out at the door with the till and money in it, he was pursued and brought back by 
               
                  William
                   Smith
               



            , who is here, and 
               
                  William
                   Triplet
               



            , whom I have not seen here this morning.
Court. You were called by your wife in a hurry to tea? - Yes.
Then you contented yourself with putting the door to? - Yes.
You did not pull it to see that it was fast? - I pushed it to, it goes with a spring lock.
How could you be sure the spring went? - It has a spring latch above the lock, I know it was fast.

Did you try whether it was fast? - I did not try by pulling, I pushed it with my fingers against the door, and I shut it, but I did not try it afterwards.
Did you hear the spring lock go at all? - No, I did not.


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
As I was going up Adam and Eve court I met the prisoner just coming out of the shop with the till, he dropped the till, I overtook him and brought him back, I was close to him all the while, he was never out of my sight, I did not see him come out of the shop; the prosecutor found four shillings, and two and sixpence, and nine and nine-pence halfpenny in halfpence.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been into Hedge-lane, and going along a gentleman got hold of me, and said I had got the till, and took me back to this shop; I was so ill I thought I should not have taken my trial; I live at Marybone with my sister, she keeps a green shop, I sell shoemaker's things.
Is your sister married? - No, Sir, she is not.
Why did not she come here to speak for you? - I did not think it would have been of any service, nor she neither, and she has nobody to mind her shop; my father was a shoemaker when he was alive, he and my mother have been dead these four years, I shall be thirteen the 14th of October next, I went to school before they died and since for half a year, I used to make the wax for my sister, and go of errands.
Court to Mr. Clarke. Do you recollect exactly what time in the evening it was? - Between the hours of six and seven on Monday the 21st of October.
Was day-light quite gone? - It was too dark to do any thing.
Court to Smith. Was day-light quite gone? - I cannot swear to that with certainty.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
