





629. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LACY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d day of June
, one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 20 s. two woollen jackets, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Broom
                        




                     
                  , in a certain vessel called the Prosperous Smack, on the navigable River of Thames
            .


                  JOHN
                   BROOM
               



             sworn.
I am a fisherman
, I am master of a fishing smack; I lost the things mentioned inthe indictment on Saturday the 2d of June, about one o'clock; my vessel lay along side Billinsgate Quay


, I was awaked by somebody, and I saw somebody go by the cabbin scuttle, but before I could get up the ladder, he was gone out of sight; I got on shore, and cried stop thief immediately; one of the patrol called out and said, who is that that cried out stop thief? and said, have you lost any thing? I went down and looked in the cabin and lockers, and missed my shoes and buckles, and jackets.


                  DAVID
                   FOOT
               



             sworn.
I assisted in apprehending the prisoner, and found a pair of silver shoe buckles in his pocket.
(Deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  John
                   Frere
               



             and 
               
                  Francis
                   Ball
               



             assisted in taking the prisoner, and deposed to the same effect.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found these things under a fish-stall in Dark-house-lane.
Court to Jury. The act of parliament requires it should be goods, wares, and merchandizes, that shall be put on board the ship, and this being wearing apparel, that takes it out of the capital part.



               GUILTY of the larceny
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
