





485. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of July
 last, four damask linen table cloths, value 4 l. one other linen table cloth, value 10 s. three silver tea spoons, value 5 s. one pair of silver tea tongs, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Blackwell
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
 in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN
                   HARDY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I took the prisoner in Welbeck-street, on the 18th of this month I had charge of him by this young man, for breaking into Mr. Blackwell's house.
What did you find upon him? - I found these tea tongs and spoons in his breeches, and this apron and a knife, I took him in the foot path in the street.


                  WILLIAM
                   NORGROVE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to 
               
                  Samuel
                   Blackwell
               



            , Esq; on Monday last, the 18th of this month, between the hours of two and three in the afternoon, my master lost four damask table cloths, one plain, he was gone out, and all the family but me, he lost three silver tea spoons and a pair of tea tongs, they were in the house-keeper's room below stairs, the windows were shut, I saw nobody come there, I apprehended the prisoner myself coming out of the room, with the property upon him; I know him, his name is 
               
                  John
                   Jones
               



            , I heard a strange voice and I had the curiosity to look into the servants hall, for I was doing up a parcel to go into the country, and I saw this person coming out of the house-keeper's room, and seeing me he let these things fall from his arm, he asked me if Captain Johnson was at home, I said, there is no such person lives here, he was making off, I said, do not be in such a hurry, I will enquire for you, I caught hold of him; says I, pray who was that gentleman that informed you to come down, why did not you knock or ring, he said, he saw no bell or knocker, he said, he had not taken any thing; I sent for our baker, and he called a constable; the prisoner was taken into custody, he was never out of my custody at all; the constable searched him, and found one spoon with my master's cypher upon it, I searched every room in the house, to see if there were any more of the gang; I found nobody else, the table cloths were kept in a closet in the house-keeper's room; the first table cloth is not marked, the second is marked B. No. 4, the third, B. No. 3, another marked B. No. 2.
Court. Was the cupboard kept locked where these things were kept? - They were in the room in order to be used.
What do you swear all the property to be worth? - The value of the table cloths is 4 l. 10 s. the spoons and the tea tongs are worth 10 s. there is the cypher S. B. on all.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, I have no witnesses.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
