





616. 
               
                  STANER 
                  WESTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, one silver table-spoon, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Dorothy 
                     Wright
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to our house; the Four Swans, in Bishopsgate-street


; it was in the morning, about ten; he said, he was to wait for his master till the next morning; that his master was going by the Colchester coach; he dined at our house.


                  DOROTHY
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I can only prove the property; on the 19th of September, just after dinner, between two and three, we lost a spoon; the prisoner had not been gone out above five minutes, before the spoon was missed; I sent the boot-cleaner, 
               
                  William
                   Rowney
               



            , after the prisoner, who brought him back; I saw the spoon after it was taken from the prisoner, and given to Baker.


                  MARGARET
                   SUTHERLAND
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to our house on the 19th; and said, he was to stay for his master; after dinner he went to wash his hands in the wash-house, where there were two silver spoons; he then went out, and about five minutes after, I missed one of the spoons.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROWNEY
               



             sworn.
I went after the prisoner, and took him in the Minories; I told him, he had not paid for his dinner; he said, he knew what I was coming for; when we got back, he asked me to take the spoon; I said, no, you had better deliver it up yourself; he said, he had taken the spoon to sell, to buy him a pair of breeches; the constable was sent for; and I saw the spoon given to Mr. Baker.
- BAKER sworn.
The prisoner confessed his having stole the spoon, and he delivered it to me, at Mrs. Wrights; I gave it to the constable.
A CONSTABLE sworn.
I have had the spoon ever since.
(The spoon produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found the spoon.


                  JOHN
                   BELL
               



             sworn.
I am a waterman; the boy is an apprentice to a waterman and lighterman
; he is seventeen years of age; he is a distressed lad; he has an estate of a hundred and fifty pounds a year; and the executor will do nothing for him.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
