





207. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MOSS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of January
, a cloth great coat, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Constantine 
                  M'Guire
               




            .
CONSTANTINE M'GUIRE sworn.
I lost a great coat some time in January, at the Stock Exchange Coffee-house


; I saw it afterwards at the Mansion-house.


                  WILLIAM
                   CATTEN
               



             sworn.
I am waiter at the Stock Exchange Coffee-house; the 24th of January, about a quarter before ten in the evening, the prisoner came into the house, he walked to the further end of the coffee-house, and took the great coat off a rail by the fire, and went out; about ten minutes after he was gone, I missed Mr. M'Guire's great coat, and went after him, and found him in the passage, he had the great coat on his arm; I believe he saw me before I saw him, for he set up a running; I pursued him, and he threw down the coat the corner of Threadneedle-street; I picked it up, and delivered it to the constable; he was taken just after.
(The coat was produced in Court by the constable, and deposed to by Mr. M'Guire)
(Two other witnesses deposed, that they saw the prisoner running, that they heard the cry of, stop thief! they saw him throw down the coat, and they secured him at the corner of Birchin-lane.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went to meet a gentleman at the Coffee-house;I hung my coat across the rail, and called for capillaire; not serving me, I took my coat and went away; when I had got as far as Austin's Friars, I found I had taken another coat with me; I went back to return it, and I was knocked down just as I got the corner of Birchin-lane.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
