





597. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PERRY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 8th of August
, half-a-guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Weatherhead
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  MARY
                   WEATHERHEAD
               



             sworn.
I am a servant
 to Mrs. Baker, at the Hope, in Mitre Court, Fleet-street


: I lost a half guinea on the 8th of August last; I was in the tap-room, I brought it to Mrs. Baker to change, she told me she could not; I said I, had 8 s. if she would lend me half-a-crown; I dropped the half-guinea, the prisoner immediately stooped down for it, I went for a light, I never saw saw any more of it: the prisoner was there, and had a pint of beer, there was nobody in the room but our own family; he was detained after this till betwixt nine and ten, we looked for it several times, Mr. Payne took him away, nothing was found on him.


                  ANN
                   GREENLAND
               



             sworn.
Confirmed this account, and said she saw the half-guinea between his fingers, and that he dropped it into his left hand, and into his left hand pocket, then he took an old chew of tobacco out of his mouth, and put it into his right hand pocket, then he took the half-guinea and put it into the left side of his mouth, and put it further in with his right hand; it was a remarkable bright one, then he put a fresh chew of tobacco to it, I said you dare not deny it to God if you do to me; he laid the chew of tobacco on the table; I saw the half-guinea in his mouth.
PRISONER.
I stooped to look for this half-guinea, I let her search whatever she thought proper, then they both looked, and came and said I must have it; I went into a room among six or seven gentlemen, I stripped all my things, but my shirt, when she found I had it not, she said she did not care if she spent twice the money; I am afraid she is a very bad woman, she had two black eyes at the time.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
