





181. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     BROWN
                  , otherwise 
FEATHERSTONE




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of January
, a silver table-spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Miles
                  




               
            .


                  SUSANNAH
                   GILES
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mrs. Miles, No. 39, Essex-street


; on Thursday the 17th of last month, the prisoner knocked at the door, and said, have you got lodgings to let? I said yes, the first floor, at a guinea and a half a week; I shewed him the lodgings.
How was he dressed? - In a dark green coat, a great deal better than he is now.
Are you sure he is the man? - Yes, he asked if I had any apartments besides; I said yes; he asked to see my mistress, I said she was not at home; he asked me for a pen and ink to leave his address; I left him in the parlour with a young woman who happened to be there to see me, while I went for the pen and ink; when I came down, I recollected I had not paper below; when I came down the young woman said, take care of this man, for he has got a spoon; he said he had no such thing; he then took the spoon out of his right-hand pocket, and gave it me; there is a kind of crest upon it, but I don't understand it, and I cannot describe it.
Jury. Has your mistress any other spoons marked so? - No, that was the only spoon that was left out, all the others were locked up; that spoon my mistress used in common, it was left on the sideboard.
- EDWARDS sworn.
I saw the prisoner put the spoon into his pocket, he took it from the sideboard.
(The spoon was produced in Court by the constable, who was charged with the prisoner, and deposed to by the prosecutrix 
               
                  Sarah
                   Miles
               



            .)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I took the spoon up in my hand, and the young woman charged me with it; I made no resistance, but delivered myself up to Edwards.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
