






385. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HAMILTON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SIMON 
                     GORING
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 19th day of January
 last, two live hogs, price 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Thompson
                  




               
            .



                  JOHN
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I keep the Pied Bull, Islington
, on the 19th of January I lost two hogs, black and white; they were stopped at Greenwich, I knew them directly.


                  THOMAS
                   OWEN
               



             sworn.
I work with the prosecutor, I know the hogs, the sow I knew by the white on her back, and the barrow pig by the white on each side the shoulders; I remember their being lost, I saw them at Greenwich.


                  WILLIAM
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
On the 20th of January last, between seven and eight, the prisoner Hamilton came to our house alone, and asked me to go down and buy two pigs; and the other prisoner was at the public house with the pigs; Hamilton asked me forty-five shillings for the two; I told him I would have them, and Hamilton drove them about three parts of the way home; the other prisoner was there, but he did not make any bargain about them; Hamilton said, it did not signify where he got them, I should not come into any trouble; they both said they were their own property; I put them into my fore yard, and sent for a constable.


                  RICHARD
                   JAMES
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoners into custody, they both said they were their own property; before the magistrate Hamilton said they were the property of the prosecutor; there was no promise or threat, but it was a fair open confession.
The prisoner Hamilton called four witnesses to his character.
The prisoner Goring called five witnesses to his character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each to be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
