





666. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     HERBERT otherwise 
ROSE otherwise 
JENNY RUSSELL




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th day of July
 last, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Henry
                         Pincott
                     



                  , one promisory note, called a Bank note, No. 8269, dated 30th of March, 1786, value 20 l. being due and unsatisfied, and the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Poole
                        




                     
                  , Esq
.
            



                  CHARLES
                   POOLE
               



             sworn.
On the 25th of July, as I was at breakfast, a person called for payment of a bill; I lodge at No. 10, Craven-street


; I ordered my servant to go into my bed room and bring my pocket book from my breeches pocket, in which was a Bank note, No. 8269.
When had you seen the note in your book? - I cannot say exactly; I can be certain I had the book on the Sunday, but I thought I had carried it with me all the time; the servant came and informed me it was not there; I had no suspicion of the prisoner, as her mistress told me she had lived there three years; however I began to suspect it was stolen; as my servant had lived with me eight years, I had implicit confidence in him; some time elapsed till Sunday the 30th; I had then reasons to suspect the prisoner; and I sent for 
               
                  William
                   Rhodes
               



             the constable to search her; he searched her in my presence, and found upon her six guineas and an half, one pound twelve shillings in silver, and thirteen duplicate of things that had been pawned.


                  MARY
                   LOOLLEY
               



             sworn.
I am shopwoman to Mr. 
               
                  Samuel
                   Jackman
               



            , a warehouseman, in Cranbourn-alley; I know the prisoner by coming to Mr. Jackman's shop on Friday the 28th of July, in company with another woman; I cannot exactly say whether the candles were lighted, but it was in the evening; that was the first time to my knowledge that I saw the prisoner; she bought a bonnet, and paid me ten shillings for it, she gave me a guinea, I gave her change, and she went out of the shop, and returned soon afterwards and bought a cap; and paid five shillings for it; after paying for the cap, she asked me if I sold cloaks, I told her I did, she desired to look at some, and she asked me if I could change her a note; I told her, if she could oblige me without changing the note, I should be very glad; she looked at the cloaks, and agreed for one, which was to be a guinea and an half, and then told me I must change her the note; I applied to a gentleman who lived next door; she gave me the note, it was a twenty pound Bank note; I have it now in my possession; the gentleman told me it was a good note; I changed the note; I told the prisoner there was not money enough in the till, and I had up stairs a ten pound note which I brought down and gave her, and gave her nine guineas and an half and sixpence, being the whole change, and then she returned me a guinea and an half for the cloak; previous to changing the note I asked her name, she said, 
               
                  Jenny
                   Russell
               



            , and I asked her likewise where she lived, she said, No. 15, Norfolk street, Strand; I asked her if she kept the house? she said, no, she had only the care of it; I desired her to write her name on the back of the note, and likewise where she lived upon a piece of paper which I gave her, which she did; I put the day of the month and year on the note; the 28th; she went away; I was sent for to Mr. Hyde's office on Monday the 31st; I gave the note to Mr. Jackman, he took it to Mr. Hyde's; it is here. (Produced.) The 28th of July, and the figures 1786 under, are my writing; but 
               
                  Jenny
                   Russell
               



             is the prisoner's writing; I rather think I put the date after the prisoner was gone; whether it was after she was out or no, I cannot say.
Are you certain you wrote it on the same note? - Yes.
Did you see the prisoner write that 
               
                  Jenny
                   Russell
               



            ? - Yes.
Did you write the 28th of July, 1786 on it before you delivered it to your master? - Yes.
Did the prisoner pull that loose out of her pocket, or did she take it out of any thing? - No, out of a very nice red morocco pocket book.
Court to Prosecutor. What sort of a pocket book did you loose? - Something of this kind; a red morocco.
(Produces a small pocket book.)
To Loolley. Are you sure that is the same note you received of the prisoner? - Yes, I am very sure of it.
(Read.)
"No. 8266, dated the 30th of
"March, 1786; I promise to pay to Mr.
"Ab. Newland, or bearer on demand, 20 l.
"London, the 30th of March, 1786, for
"the Governor and Company of the Bank
"of England.
"O. Gethen."
Prosecutor. When the money was found on the prisoner, I asked her where she had it, and she said, she had some money from her mistress on the Friday.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming in at the door Saturday night before; I picked the pocket book up at the door.


                  FRANCES
                   PINCOTT
               



             sworn.
I keep the house in Craven-street, where Mr. Poole lodged; the prisoner had lived with me two years and an half; I was out of town at the time of the loss; I went out of town on the Friday, and Mr. Poole came on the Sunday to fetch me; I had not paid her any money.
Did you pay her six guineas and an half when you went out of town? - No, I did not; I paid her about half a crown or three shillings.
Prisoner. I wish to ask Mrs. Pincott concerning my character? - She had lived with me two years and an half; I had a very good character of her, she behaved very well.
The prisoner called two more witnesses who gave her a very good character.
Court to Prosecutor. How long had you had the note? - I knew the number before it was produced at Mr. Hyde's.
Court to Mrs. Pincott. What is your husband's name? - 
               
                  Henry
                   Pincott
               



            .
Jury to Prosecutor. In what manner did you lose the note, do you know? - I expected to find it in my pocket book.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GOULD.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .
Court to Prisoner. You are vastly obliged to the Jury for their compassion; it is a horrid thing that servant
s will behave so; she must be




               Transported for seven years
            .
