





237. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     LEMON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of February
 last, two pieces of gold coin of this realm called guineas, value 2 l. 2 s.
             the monies of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Pearcy
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   PEARCY
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday last, about five o'clock I was in my warehouse, in St. Paul's Churchyard


, and the prisoner came to buy a bedside carpet, I shewed him some, he agreed for one at 9 s. he gave me a guinea, and asked for change, I said I have never a half guinea, he said, I am sure you have, I wish you would let me look, and he took the money out of my hand, I had the money all in my hand, and he took five or six guineas out of my hand, and he returned two, I am sure I had nine in my pocket all day, I put my money into my pocket again, I did not miss any till he was gone, I told my porter I was robbed of 29 s. and I sent him and the other man who just come in after the prisoner, they were gone a considerable time, and they found him and another man in Fleet Lane, and brought them both back to my warehouse, they were taken a little before six, they were searched in my presence, and two guineas and five or six half guineas, and twenty or thirty shillings in silver was found on the prisoner, when he was with me; he said he had no half guinea nor silver, I did not count the silver.

Prisoner's Council. How can you take upon you to swear positively to the sum as you have done? - Because I know it.
When did you remember counting this money over? - I had it in my pocket all the day long.
How do you know that this man took five or six guineas? - I had some other gold left in my hand.
Did not he take it all? - No.
Was it possible for you to swear to any particular piece of money? - I could not swear to a guinea, I did not miss it till he was gone out of the shop.
How long was that? - Two minutes.
You had occasion to pull your money out again? - I put my hand into my pocket, and I thought I missed some of my money, the man was gone out of the shop.
Then a second thought came into your head? - I would not have let the man have the money, if I had thought he would have stole any, I did not miss any thing till he was gone out of the shop, he offered to give me the two guineas again, when he was brought back.


                  WILLIAM
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I have worked in the prosecutor's house 26 years, I was called, and I immediately set out with the porter, we came down St. Paul's Churchyard into the Fleet Market, we returned back again, and at the bottom of Fleet Lane, we saw the two men, he says this is the man that robbed my master; I caught him by the arm, says I, you must go to St. Paul's Churchyard, there is a mistake between you and a gentleman, you must go along with me; he said I will not go, I pulled out my staff, says he, God bless you, I will go along with you, I brought him to my master's house, and he said if there was a mistake he was willing to rectify it, and he flung down one guinea, and two half guineas; I did not search him.
Prisoner's Council. Your master then in the first instance told you there was some mistake between him and the prisoner? - No, Sir, he said he was robbed of two guineas.
The prisoner I suppose did not offer, but it was in consequence of your master's charging him with wronging him, that he threw down the two guineas? - Yes, he told me if I could make up the matter between my master and him, he would willingly reward me.


                  THOMAS
                   WARREN
               



             sworn.
I searched the prisoner, I knew him, I have seen him walk Ludgate Hill, St. Paul's Churchyard and Cheapside, as a sharper.
Court. How do you know that? - By seeing him in company with these people, there was two guineas, and five half guineas, and about twenty shillings in sdyer in his pockets.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been at Whitechapel, I wanted to make my sister a present of a bedside carpet, I called in at this carpet warehouse, I threw down my guinea, says the prosecutor, I cannot give you change, I have never a half a guinea; I said, Sir, I think you have one there; he said no, I have not, I said, says I, I have given you so much trouble, I will take my guinea again, and will call or send for the carpet; he said very well; I made my obedience to him, and went out of the shop; as I was going along, I met with a man that owed me some money, which was the man I went to Whitechapel to see, he said I am glad I met you, I will pay you; we had something to drink, through I drink every thing very weak, having broke a blood vessel, and he paid me five pounds, six half guineas, one guinea, fourteen shillings and sixpence in silver, and eighteen-pence in halfpence; I said to the young man, I will go back for a carpet I have bought, he said I had rather go to my hatter's first; when the constable came and spoke to me, and said there was a mistake, I said I was just going; and when I came to the shop the prosecutor said, there was a mistake of two guineas, Sir, says I, I know nothing of it, if you will positively say you have made a mistake, I will lay down the money, and if you find your mistake, I will call for it to-morrow: I sent for my aunt, but she did not come, says the prosecutor to the other man, can you send for any friend, and he sent for this hatter, and the hatter came, and gave him an extraordinary good character, and then the prosecutor said to me, I am sorry you could not find a friend too, so he brought me here; I would have laid down one hundred guineas sooner than have been in prison so long.
Court to Clarke. When you saw him in the street, did he tell you he was coming back? - I do not remember he did, I cannot say he did not.
Did you take the two guineas of him or leave them with him? - He had all his money again.
(The prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
