





188. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PRICE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d day of January
, four iron bars, value 2 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Custance
                        




                     
                  , affixed to his dwelling house
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   CONWAY
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol of St. Sepulchre's; on the 2d of January, I and my partner Parry were going our rounds, about two in the morning, in Seacoal-lane I saw a man coming down the steps, by the light of the moon I saw he had something in his hands; I stopped in a corner and saw him pass; he stepped on pretty fast, and knocked at No. 24, in Seacoal-lane; I went up to him, and told him he must go along with me; he had four iron bars; I called to a watchman who came to my assistance; I took him by the collar, but he would not go quietly; and I ordered the watchman to spring his rattle.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. Did not the prisoner cry stop, stop, did not he say he picked them up? - No, he did not.


                  WILLIAM
                   PARRY
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I heard a voice cry, patrol! I went down Seacoal-lane, there the patrol had the prisoner by the cuff of the coat; he said, I'll tell you, I'll tell you; I was obliged to spring my rattle for further assistance; I took the bars from him.
Mr. Knowlys. Did you hear the prisoner say any thing else? - He said, there is another man.


                  EDWARD
                   RYLAND
               



             sworn.
I went out of the watch-house at three o'clock; I immediately went up Green-arbour-court, and there I found the frame of a cellar window standing upright against the wall; I matched the bars at the watch-house with the frame, and they fitted exactly; he said at the watch-house, a man gave him the bars.


                  ANN
                   CURL
               



             sworn.
I heard a great noise between two and three in the morning, and I heard some bars wrenched out; and I saw the prisoner the afternoon before go past our window, and coming back he looked at it very hard, which drew my attention.


                  JOHN
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I am a publican, at the Orange-tree, in Fleet-lane; the prisoner and five more gentlemen were at my house on New Year's day, from eight, till half past two, being New Year's day; I heard a noise in the street as soon as they were gone; I do not know what it was.
Prisoner. Upon my life I am innocent.

The prisoner called three witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            ,




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
