





440. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     MOBBS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 7th of April
, one cotton handkerchief, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Evans
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
On the 7th of this month I lost my handkerchief in High-street, St. Giles's


, at a quarter past three in the afternoon; I saw the prisoner at the bar with two unhappy girls as I think, coming out of a publick-house in High-street, I thought he looked very suspicious, I put my hand in my pocket, in order to secure my pocket, and in about a minute he came running by me, and I found his hand in my pocket.
Was your handkerchief in that pocket, or had you taken it out? - I believe not, he took my handkerchief out, and he shook his hand at me, I followed him down a little way, and he whipped into a publick-house, I had my gold watch and a great deal of money, I was afraid to go after him.
Did you say he shook the handkerchief at you? - He did my Lord, by way of ridicule, or to let the two girls see he had taken it, I saw him go into a publick-house, I cannot tell the name or the sign, I went and got some assistance, and came to take him, and the women said to me, the person you want is not here, I looked round backwards and forwards, and I saw him through a glass door stuck up between two water butts in the yard, upon that I and three more went round and took him to Justice Walker's.
Did you ever find your handkerchief? - No.
Are you quite sure he is the man you saw with your handkerchief in his hand? - Yes, when he was taken before Justice Walker, they called him by his name, I knew him well.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going through St. Giles's, and I saw that gentleman and I walked by him, I went to the publick-house to have a pint of beer, I went backwards, and this gentleman and some others came and took me to Justice Walker, he wanted to value the handkerchief at five shillings, and the Justice would not let him, then he wanted to value it at two shillings and sixpence, then at one shilling and sixpence.
Have you any friends to speak for you to shew that you are an honest man? - No.
What way of life are you in? - I am a plaisterer
.



               GUILTY
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron EYRE.
