






780 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CAPON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  M'GINNIS
               



             were indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  ,about the hour of nine in the night, on 20th of October
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, a dressing glass in a mahogany frame, value 10 s. a towel, value 1 d. a cloth coat, value 3 s. a shirt, value 3 s. a gown, value 1 s. a handkerchief, value 1 d. and a tortoiseshell slider, value 3 d. his property
            .


                  THOMAS
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I live in Upper Newman-street, at the sign of the City of Hereford, a publick house


; this robbery was between eight and nine at night, before I went to bed; my servant, Agathy Jones, missed some things, a looking-glass, a coat, and a petticoat, and a slider, which I knew; I missed them out of my bed room; I saw the glass about three o'clock; I saw the things advertised the next day; and I saw them at Litchfield-street; they are mine.


                  GEORGE
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I and Mansfield stopped the two prisoners going to sell these things at an old iron shop in Bowl-yard, St. Giles's; it was about ten at night, on the 20th instant; they said they could not tell what was in the bundle, they had just found them; they have been in my possession ever since.
(Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
PRISONER M'GINNIS's DEFENCE.
I know no more of the things, than the dead in the grave; I was in liquor, and enquiring for a lodging.
PRISONER CAPON's DEFENCE.
I found the things.


                  ROBERT
                   CAPON
               



             JOHN M'GINNIS




               GUILTY of stealing
            ,





               Transported for seven years
            .
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, this is exactly the same as the last case; you see the consequence of going by so uncertain a rule, or no rule at all. It is much safer to adhere to the rule of law, because then you have a certain guide by which to direct your verdict; then magistrates will know on what grounds they ought to commit; and prosecutors will know on what grounds they can support a prosecution.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
