





478. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PEARCE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of May
, four pounds weight of opium, value 42 s. half a pound of oil of lavender, value 6 s. one glass phial, value 6 d. half a pound of of camomile, value 3 d. four ounces of ising-glass, value 1 s. 6 d. two ounces of rhubarb, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Webster
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Watts
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Harrison
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
I am one of the partners with Messrs. Webster and Watts; we are drug merchants


 at Bucklersbury


; the prisoner was our porter
; in consequence of an information from one of my servants, that they had lost some goods, I marked the thingsin the indictment; the 15th of May, Mr. Webster came home in the evening, and I counted fifty five pieces of opium, out of which, I missed six pieces; the prisoner was going to breakfast, and I desired him to step back; I got a constable to follow him home; I ordered my clerks in the compting-house to take notice of him; we found nothing in his boxes, but in his breeches pockets we found two pieces of opium that I had marked; but on searching his lodgings, we found two pieces of opium, and other things marked.
(The things produced and deposed to, marked by opening it on one side and putting in a piece of paper, on which was wrote 
               
                  Thomas
                   Harrison
               



            , and then closing up the opium.)
The mark was in it when it was found, and is in it now; the value of this piece is one guinea; before that, I believed him to be an honest man; I think on the whole, I have missed eighty pounds worth of property at different times.


                  WILLIAM
                   PARROTT
               



             sworn.
I searched this man's lodgings, and found the things that are in this handkerchief.
(Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my counsel.
The prisoner's counsel called two witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
