





640. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     GAFFEL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th day of August
 last, one linen jacket, value 6s. one linen waistcoat, value 2s. one pair of nankeen breeches, value 8s. one black silk handkerchief, value 3s. and one pair of thread stockings, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Chivers
                        



                     
                  ; and one cotton jacket, value 10s. one linen waistcoat, value 6s. one pair of jean breeches, value 6s. one pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 16s. one black silk handkerchief, value 4s. one pair of cotton trowsers, value 3s. and 16s. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Henry
                     



                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Paul
                         Bromley
                     



.


                  WILLIAM
                   CHIVERS
               



             sworn.
I live at Edmonton, on the thirteenth of August last I was robbed about one in the morning, I happened to awake, and found my things, mentioned in the indictment gone, they were found on the prisoner the next morning at eight o'clock in Swan-alley, Grub-street, there I saw them last, we were at 
               
                  Paul
                   Bromley
               



            's house, at the top of Quaker's-street, Spital-fields


, I slept with the prisoner that night, I missed the things between one and two in the morning, the prisoner said she would go and get some water, we laid down on the bed for a quarter of an hour, I went to sleep, and when I awaked I missed these things, I had been asleep about half an hour.


                  William
                   Henry
               



             (a Black) sworn.
I lodge at Pelham-street, Brick-lane, I am a servant
 out of place, I lived last with one Mr. Meadows, I came from the West-Indies about a month ago; the prisoner took a pair of buckles from me, and the other things mentioned in the indictment; I missed my things about two in the morning, I cannot tell what morning, and they were found at Bromley's house.
How came you to be with the prisoner that night?-Two girls asked us to go and lay with them there that night.
Is the prisoner one of those girls?-Yes.
How do you know the prisoner stole your things?-Because the other girl was in liquor and was asleep.
Which was your bedfellow?-The other girl.
Then you slept with her?-No, I did not, I laid with her.
She slept with you however?-Yes, we four went into the room together.

How do you know but the other girl was the person that took your cloaths?-No, Sir, she was fast asleep when the things were taken, she staid there all night, and the prisoner got up and took the things away.
Where did you find these things?-In Grub-street, I found the goods on her with the constable, the last witness was with me.
Did you ever get the things again?-They are here now.


                  WILLIAM
                   PHILLIPS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; on the 13th of August I was sent for to take charge of a girl, (not the prisoner) who was with these two sailor
s, till she produced the prisoner, and she did produce her, we found the prisoner behind the door, and took from her the things in this handkerchief; here are all the things but the money and one linen waistcoat.
(The things were deposed to.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, I have no witnesses.
Guilty




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
