






819. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PERRY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th day of September
 last, four pair of stirrup irons, plated with silver, value 40 s. a double rein snaffle curb bridle, value 20 s. two ditto with a martingal, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Thompson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I keep the Pied Bull, at Islington




; on Sunday, the 10th of September, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, out of the stable; I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  WILLIAM
                   DINES
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Thompson; I had the care of these things in the stable; I missed them about five in the morning. (Describes them.) One of them belongs to Mr. Mence; I never saw the two prisoners, till I saw them before his Majesty.


                  JOSEPH
                   DINMORE
               



             sworn.
I stopped the prisoner Smith on Sunday morning the 10th, in Turnmill-street, with these things in his apron; Perry was with him, but run away; I took from him all these things.
(Produced and deposed to.)


                  WILLIAM
                   POOL
               



             sworn.
About a quarter after eight, on the 10th of September, I was in my shop; I heard the cry of stop thief, and I saw Perry running up the street; he came to my door and ran through my passage; he dropped one of the stirrup irons at my door; one in the passage, and the other on the staircase; he said the officers were after him for a bastard child, and begged me not to detain him.
(The stirrup irons deposed to.)


                  RICHARD
                   GASKIN
               



             sworn.
I took Perry in Mr. Pool's house; he said, it was for a bastard child.


                  THOMAS
                   ISAACS
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoners on the Sunday morning; Smith had this bundle tied up in this brown apron; Perry got away and was brought back.


                  James
                   Dallard
               



            , a sadler, deposed to some of the things.
PRISONER PERRY'S DEFENCE.
On Sunday morning I met Smith; he told me he found these things, and while I was looking at them, Isaacs came up; I was frightened, and ran away into a house and dropped them; I am a whitesmith, and have tired out all my friends with waiting.
PRISONER SMITH'S DEFENCE.
I was going to get some blackberries, and I found these things behind a bush, and put them in my apron, and coming home I shewed him these things, and Isaacs came up.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
