






658. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     PANTONI
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     GREEN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th day of September
 last, four linen hats, value 17 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Moody
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Birkett
                        



                     
                  , privily in their shop
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   STUBLEY
               



             sworn.
I know the two prisoners, I am a shopman to Messrs. Moody and Birkett, they are partners; the two prisoners came into our shop on Monday, under pretence of buying a hat, they agreed for a hat and paid sixpence earnest towards it, and they desired my mistress to give them a little small beer, they said they had the gripes, and my mistress sent me to get them some, and bid me warm it with some sugar in it as they desired; I went for it, and when I came up with the beer the prisoner Pantoni was gone, and the other woman was standing at the door, I gave her the beer to drink, and she drank it, and went after the other woman, and directly as they were gone my mistress missed two hats, I went after them all round Covent Garden market, and could not see any thing of them, as I was coming back they were at the public house the corner of Henrietta-street, drinking gin; Pantoni came back to our shop with me, and the other woman came back in ten minutes after of her own accord; and she said they had no hats, and we set them at liberty, the constable felt them and found nothing; I followed them and put on my great coat that they should not know me, and I watched them for half an hour, and they came out of an ale house in King-street, and I stood the corner of Bedford-street, and they had a basket of mint and balm covered over, and I went over to them and asked them if they had our hats, and they denied it, and said no; so I put my hand into the basket and I felt the hats, the prisoner Green run away, and I took Pantoni, and I let her go again, for I thought the mob would detain her, and another man took Green.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER PANTONI's DEFENCE.
I was half an hour in the shop after he gave me the small beer, after this woman was gone out; this good woman came in and asked for pair of black stockings, I stood in the shop a long while, and I asked the gentlewoman for a little drop of her small beer, and warmed; and she gave me a couple of cards to recommend the shop; which I said I would; before ever I stepped out of the shop, says she, where is that good woman, I said, I cannot tell: I went away and I saw her afterwards picking her mint and balm, and we drank together, these two hats were missing long enough before I came out of the shop, I was very willing to be stripped in the shop, I suppose all together I was a quarter of an hour after; then I went to the woman, and left my goods with her.
Court. How did you come by these hats?
Prisoner Pantoni. The gentleman did not take them from me.
Prosecutor. I took them from that good woman and you was with her.
PRISONER GREEN's DEFENCE.
I went into the shop for black stockings, there was nobody when I went in but the gentlewoman of the shop, she said she had none, I went out of the shop, and going along I saw a great mob, and the gentleman laid hold of me by the arm, I had no basket nor any thing at all in my hand.
Court. What is the value of these hats? - I valued them at what we sell them for, I valued them at too much, I now value them at ten shillings.


                  ANN
                   PANTONI
               



            , 


               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 4 s. 6 d.
            

Transported for seven years.


                  HANNAH
                   GREEN
               



            , GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 4 s. 6 d.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
