






306. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NICHOLLS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BATES
                  



               
             were indicted, for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Twyford
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night of the 27th of February
, and burglariously stealing therein, a piece of silk and cotton velvet, value 10 s.
             his property.
JOHN TWYFORD sworn.
I am a shopkeeper
; I live at No. 50, York-buildings in the Strand


; on Friday the 27th of March the robbery was committed; I had a suspicion, for a pane of glass had been broke on the Monday before, and another on the Wednesday; Ihad a suspicion, as there had been several suspicious people about the shop; on Friday about half after seven o'clock I went over the way; I left a boy in the shop; I was over the way in the passage, and about eight o'clock I saw two people in the window, and I saw one of them take something out of the window; I ran across the road, they went different ways; I came up to J. Bates, he was going towards Charing-cross, then he began to run; I pursued him about two or three hundred yards, and took him; I never lost sight of him; I found nothing on him; I brought him back to the shop, and found the other prisoner in the shop; it was not Bates that took the things out of the window.
Court. How near was Bates to the person that took the things out of the window? - About a yard, they were together at the window, I think I perceived them both in company together several times within the half hour, but I will not swear to that; I saw them come up together, but I did not see Bates touch any thing.
Had you seen them speak together? - I cannot swear that, there were five or six of them together in the course of the half hour.
I think you say, when you came up to Bates he ran? - He did.
WILLIAM EAST sworn.
On Friday, the day of the robbery, I was in an opposite passage to the shop; I saw Nicholls standing at a window, and about eight o'clock I saw him take out this waistcoat-piece from the window; he had a great-coat on; there was a little breach in the window, I saw him take it out, and put it under his coat; I believe the breach was made before, I did not see him make it; he was knocked down, and I picked him up, and took the piece from under his coat; I can't swear to the other prisoner.
(Property deposed to by Mr. Twyford.)
PRISONER NICHOLL's DEFENCE.
At the time I was taken up, and taken into Mr. Twyford's shop; there were two others taken up, and they could not tell which of us it was; there were two young men running along, and one of them have the piece down at my feet, and I picked it up, and I was knocked down, and taken directly.
- NICHOLLS sworn.
I am father to the prisoner Nicholls; he is about 19 or 20; I bred him up to the sawyer's business; he was apprentice to a Mr. Goodchief, he served about four years of his time; he left his master because he had no employ for him; I never heard any harm of him before; he used to work for different people.
The prisoner Bates called one witness, who gave him a good character.


                  WILLIAM
                   NICHOLLS
               



            , 


               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   BATES
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            ,
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


