





246. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     BARLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wilson
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of eleven of the night of the 24th of January
, and burglariously stealing therein, a linen night-cap, value 6 d. a shift, value 2 s. one cotton child's petticoat, value 1 s. a check apron, value 1 s. a pillow-case, value 1 s. two coloured linen frocks, value 4 s. the property of the said 
                     
                        William
                         Wilson
                     



                  ; and one flannel waistcoat, value 1 s. three linen waistcoats, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Castle
                  



               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
My husband's name is 
               
                  William
                   Wilson
               



            ; on the 24th of January last, about half past ten o'clock, I was gone out, I had been out a quarter of an hour; I left nobody at home but a child in the cradle; I did not lock the door after me, I put the hasp on the staple without locking it, and I had a bit of a string outside, with which I could draw it back, which made it a sort of latch; when I came back, finding the street-door and room-door open, I thought my brother had come home, it was the room-door I fastened; I went into the room, and found the prisoner, and another was there; I did not see them at first; but thinking my brother had come home, I said Jack, why don't you light the candle? and one of them said to me don't you be frightened, and he ran out; the prisoner stood by the drawers, and he said his name was not Jack, and I caught hold of him; we struggled together, and he got in the passage; I called out murder; from there, in the struggle, we got into the court, and he struck me several times in the struggle; we got opposite to Mr. Richards's door, and he came to my assistance, and we took him; there were some things taken out of the drawers, which we found afterwards in the passage, which were, a shift, a cap, two coloured frocks, one cotton petticoat, one check apron, three cotton waistcoats, one flannel waistcoat, one pillow case; when he was taken, he said nothing at all for himself.
(Deposes to the property.)
I lost a silk handkerchief which has notsince been found; the other lad was not taken.
There were four other witnesses called on their recognizance, but did not appear.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was just got into the door of the passage, I thought it was a necessary; a fellow rushed by me, and the woman took hold of me.




               GUILTY, of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
