





22. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     AMIES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, two silver tea spoons, value 4 s. a linen shift, value 4 s
            . the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Trotter
                  




               
            .
The case opened by the counsel for the prosecution.


                  ELIZABETH
                   TROTTER
               



             sworn.
I am wife of Robert Trotter of Norfolk-street, in the Strand; he is a Taylor
; I let lodgings to the prisoner's mistress, Mrs. Foster; I lost two silver spoons, and a shift of mine; they are here; the spoons were kept in a closet in the parlour; they used to be in the kitchen; the spoons are produced by the woman who bought them; I missed them after the prisoner went away from Mrs. Foster's service.
MARGERET JONES sworn.
The prisoner came to our house with an old lady that she had lodging with; her name is Duffey; and she asked me if I wanted two silver spoons; she said they were in pawn at Mr. Dixon's; they were pawned singly for eighteen pence a piece; I gave the old lady half a crown and sixpence to fetch them; and she went and brought them.
Did Mrs. Duffey pretend to have any interest in these spoons? - No; I had a child in my lap; and she said she would fetch them; the prisoner said she was very much distressed; I have seen her up and down our Court; but never knew any thing of her; the prisoner said they were her property; I asked her, three times over, if they were her own, and she said yes; she said she would take 4 s. for them; and I gave her a shilling more than the half-crown and the six-pence. (The spoons deposed to by the mark R. E. T.) I am very sure they are mine; these are the spoons I missed a day or two after she was gone.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.
Court to Mrs. Trotter. Do you know what sort of character she bore? - I have heard Mrs. Forster say, she had a very good character with her.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
