





506. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STRUTT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th day of March
 last, one leather pocket book, value 6 d.
             the property of a person unknown.


                  THOMAS
                   SMART
               



             sworn.
I was standing in St. Paul's Churchyard


, whilst the Lord Mayor was passing in the state coach, and I saw the prisoner and another run against a seafaring man, and the prisoner with one hand opened his pocket, and took out a black leather pocket book, and put it into his bosom; I ran after him, and at the corner of the Old Change, I caught hold of the skirts of his coat, and he threw down the pocket book, I stooped to pick it up, and he jumped out of my hands, the owner of the pocket book came after me, and I gave it him, I did not ask him his name: the pr isoner got away for that time: I saw the prisoner again on the Wednesday following, I was at home in the Old Change, and Deputy Clements sent for me: I am sure the prisoner is the same man.
Prisoner. I am not the person.


                  ROBERT
                   SEABROOK
               



             sworn.
I was standing at the top of Cheapside, and I saw the prisoner pick a gentleman's pocket of a black leather pocket book, he got off then, but I saw him the next day and gave information, and he was taken, I have no doubt of his person.


                  THOMAS
                   WARREN
               



             sworn.
I was doing duty in Cheapside, and I was informed of the prisoner having taken a pocket book the day before, and I saw him attempting to pick pockets and hustling, I took three old handkerchiefs from him.
Prisoner. Those three old handkerchiefs were my own, I know nothing of the pocket book, I have had people here all the week.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
