





403. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     GOUDRY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of April
, three shillings and eight-pence halfpenny, in monies numbered
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I am a publican
, I keep the Bear and Ragged Staff, the corner of Bear-street, Leicester-fields


, the prisoner lodged at my house a full year and a quarter, or near a year and half; I missed money, and I put in about five or six shillings about three weeks ago, and about fifteen or sixteen days ago; I do not recollect the day of the week, I first missed any soon after Lady Day; last Monday morning I missed the money mentioned in the indictment, a witness and I were together, I had set up for six nights to watch, and we planted ourselves in a room where there is a glass door fronts the till, and we heard the prisoner between the hours of five and six go down stairs, and into the tap-room, then he turned out, and went into the bar; I immediately heard him unlock the till, and take out the money at three different times, and lock it again; I immediately went out and seized him.
Court. How much money had been in your till the night before? - Eight shillings in halfpence, and some of them marked; there were four of them that were marked which I can swear to, they are here; we took him to the watch-house, and there we searched him, we found four shillings in halfpence and two farthings, three shillings and eightpence halfpenny I missed out of the till.
Were any of these halfpence that you found in his pocket, so marked that you could know them? - Yes.
Were they the same halfpence you had of him? - Yes.
Have they been in your possession ever since? - Yes, they were never out of this bag till this moment. (The halfpence shewn to the Court.) The crooked halfpence I know without the mark, two of these halfpence had marks on them, and I wrote down the marks in the paper before.
You are sure you did not set down these marks since you lost them? - Yes.
- JONES sworn.
I watched with the last witness, I set up with him; I heard the prisoner come down stairs and go into the tap-room, and come out of the tap-room and go into the bar, and unlocked the till and took out the half-pence, and locked the till again; I did not distinguish more than once, I heard the halfpence chink, I went in with the last witness and secured him, there were found in his pockets four shillings and three-pence halfpenny.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.
Court to Prosecutor. What is this man? - He is a carpenter
, I took him to be as honest a man as ever lived, I would have trusted him in any part of my house without the least suspicion.
Court to Prisoner. How comes you have nobody to attend here to give you a character.

Prosecutor. I believe him to be a very honest man except this; he had four guineas and a half in his box, and a dollar, and his master owed him four guineas.
Court. Is he a single man? - For any thing I know, my Lord.
Prisoner. I am a married man.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
