





221. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MASON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th day of February
, one ingot of gold, of the weight of three ounces, value 10 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Twycross
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  STEPHEN
                   TWYCROSS
               



             sworn.
I live in Pemberton-row, Gough-square


, on Saturday the 4th of February, I brought home a small ingot of gold to have it assayed, and I took it out of my pocket in my dining-room, to shew it to my daughter; I was ill that afternoon, I did not miss it till the Tuesday following; I do not know what I did with it, but I rather think I laid it on a little table, near the edge of the chimney piece in my dining room; on the Tuesday following, I looked for it, and could not find it; on the next Saturday, I was informed that Mr. Heather had stopped a small ingot of gold, and that the person was in custody; I went to Mr. Heather's, in Long-alley, and I found that piece of gold, which appeared to be a part of the ingot I had lost.
Had it any mark upon it? - No, it appeared to be the same size to it, I have had an assay since of it, and it appears to be the same quality of that within three pence an ounce, the other piece I have not been able to get; it is only from my carrying it in my eye.
Do you know the prisoner at all? - He lived with me at that time as a porter
, to go of errands, and any thing of that sort, I cannot swear to it.


                  JOHN
                   HEATHER
               



             sworn.
On Thursday afternoon the 9th of February, about five, the prisoner brought this piece of gold to me to sell, I asked him how he came by it, he said he had it of one Mr. Turner; I sent to Bow-street for an officer, he told me he met a man coming into town, who got him to sell it; but however, I heard the prisoner acknowledge before the Magistrate that it was his master's property.
Was there any promise made to him to induce him to confess the truth? - Not in my hearing.
Prosecutor. I was present when he was examined, I heard him acknowledge taking the gold.
Were there any promises made to him? - No, Sir; so far I told him, if he would give up the other part of it, I would shew him all the favour that lay in my power, but that was after he had made the confession, I am very clear of it.
How large was the whole piece? - Three ounces one penny weight, the whole value is better than ten pounds.
The remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex, HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 22d of FEBRUARY, 1786, and the following Days;
Being the THIRD SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     THOMAS
                      WRIGHT
                  



               , 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY E. HODGSON, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND; And Published by Authority.
NUMBER III. PART V.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXVI.

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.
Continuation of the Trial of 
                  
                     James
                      Mason
                  



               .



                  HENRY
                   GIBBS
               



             sworn.
I was at the office when he was examined, I was a witness to his confession.
Was it reduced into writing? - Yes, I saw the prisoner sign his own name to his confession (The confession handed up) there was no promise made to him, or threat used in my hearing.
(Read.)
"Middlesex; the examination of James
"Mason, charged with stealing, by James
"Twycross: on Thursday evening the 9th
"of February instant, about four, he
"stole in his master's house one ingot of
"gold, and delivered it to one 
               
                  Henry
                   Turner
               




"whom he does not know, nor where
"he lives, who broke it into three pieces,
"and gave this examinant one piece, with
"which he was stopped by 
               
                  John
                   Heather
               



            ."
Prisoner. I have only this to say, that that piece of gold is not belonging to the gold that Mr. Twycross lost.
Prosecutor. He came out of the country to my service, and therefore it is not to be wondered at, that he has nobody to his character; he lived with me two years, and then he went away, and then I took him again; I believe in the time he was away, he got some bad connections, but before that, he was a very honest man, and I should be exceedingly happy to address your Lordship in his favour.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 39 s
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
