





135. 
               
                  
                     LEWIS 
                     LANG
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of December
 last, twenty yards of cotton and linen check, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Peyton
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  DAVID
                   PEYTON
               



             sworn.
On the 13th of December, about six in in the evening, the prisoner came into my shop, under a pretence to buy a silk handkerchief, and some linen; he looked at some, and desired to know the amount. I served him myself; I told him the amount; and he was considering a little. There was nobody in the shop but him and I. I was busy putting some things off the counter, and he ran out of the shop. My man who had been out, came in that instant he had ran out, and desired to know whether I had sold the prisoner a piece of check; I said no. I looked round, and missed a piece of check; on which my man ran out immediately, and in a few minutes he returned, and said he had catched the man, and delivered him up a charge to the patrol. I went out with my man, and saw the prisoner in custody; I knew him to be the same man that came into the shop. I afterwards had him taken before the magistrate.


                  ANDREW
                   ATKIN
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to the prosecutor. I had been out on the 13th of December; and, on coming home, I saw the prisoner come out of the shop-door with a piece of check: I had my suspicions, and I asked Mr. Peyton if he had sold a man a piece of check just now; he said, no. I immediately ran after him; I saw him running, and I called out, stop thief! A coachman ran after him, and took him. He was out of my sight a few minutes; the check was not taken on him, he had dropped it. I saw him at the place where it was dropped by; I did not see him drop it; I only saw him coming out at the shop-door; I did not see him before. I am sure he is the same man; I saw him running; I saw him when he was taken.


                  JAMES
                   M'LOCHLIN
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol. I was coming up Wigmore-street about six o'clock in the evening of the 13th. The coachman had taken the prisoner: the prisoner acknowledged he had taken the check; I told him it would be the better for him. A boy picked up the bundle, and delivered it to me.


                  WILLIAM
                   ESTALL
               



             sworn.
I picked up the bundle in the middle of Castle-street, just opposite Bolsover-street.
Court to Atkin. Whereabout in Oxford-street is your master's shop? - The shop is two doors from Prince's-street, between Princes-street and Holles-street. The man went up Princes-street; from there, up Castle-street; from there, up Bolsover-street; then, through Margaret-street, into Cavendish-square; and across the square, into Welbeck-street.

Are you sure he ran up into Castle-street? - Yes.
(The check produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor)
Prosecutor. The man was in my shop about five minutes: it is a light shop; I am sure he is the man; he was dressed very shabby; he had a round hat on, a little over his face. I rather suspected him, till he told me a tale about something, that he was a working man, and was going to the pay-table.
Prisoner. I was at work that day at Marybone.
The prisoner called four witnesses to his character.
Prisoner. My Lord, I have another witness, that was with me at the time.


                  EDMUND
                   BURKE
               



             sworn.
Court. Be Careful what you say? - Yes. I know the prisoner perfectly well; for three years and a half I worked with him at different times. The day he was taken up, he worked at a place on a job with me, as a labourer
, by Grosvenor-square. He left work between five and six, and we came down Oxford-road; and he told me he had to call for a pair of shoes, and we parted, and I came towards Drury-lane, we parted about the middle of Oxford-road; he came with me past Cavendish-square. I did not know he was taken up till Monday. As I was coming down Oxford-road, I heard a parcel of people calling, stop thief! It was pretty nigh Golden-square, I had parted from him about ten or fifteen minutes; it was pretty nigh Golden-square that I heard the cry of stop thief! or Soho-square, I cannot tell you distinctly which.
Prisoner. Cavendish-square, my Lord, was the place.
Burke. It was Cavendish-square, my Lord.
Court. I shall pay no attention, now, to any part of your evidence.




               GUILTY, four shillings
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


