





222. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GOODEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of December
 last, three shillings and two sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ford
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH
                   FORD
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  William
                   Ford
               



            , my husband is a mathematical instrument maker
, No. 42, New Compton-street


; the prisoner came into my house on Christmas Day at night, I know nothing of him, he took this money out of my till, I was coming into the shop, I saw the prisoner with his hand in the till, I did not see the money in his hand, but part of the money I knew afterwards, it was marked money, there were three shillings and two sixpences which were missing, and found upon him: here is a gentleman here that saw him, and pursued him and took him; he run out of the door, and cried, stop thief! he was pursued and was brought back by the same person; three shillings and two sixpences were found upon him.


                  THOMAS
                   PATTERSON
               



             sworn.
I only know I was sent for, and found this money upon him, three shillings and two sixpences; I produce the money.


                  JOHN
                   BRATHWAITE
               



             sworn.
I was in a little room adjoining to the shop, I saw a man go behind the compter, who I suspected to be a thief, I pursued him and brought him back.
Mrs. Ford. I swear positively to that.
When did you count your money before? - About half an hour before; I had lost some butter, that caused me to count my money.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming down Compton-street, and they took me to a chandler's shop, and said I had robbed the shop, my mother goes out to chair work.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
