






19. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PEACOCK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th day of November
, one hempen bag, value 7 d. and 178 lb. of iron nails, value 38 s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Masheder
               




            .


                  ROBERT
                   HELME
               



             sworn.
I am in the employment of Messrs. William Masheder, and Co. they are the proprietors of Irongate Wharf
; these nails were in their possession at the warehouse at the wharf.


                  THOMAS
                   KNIGHT
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of November, about four in the afternoon, I was in my own shop opposite the wharf gate, and I saw the prisoner go once or twice, I am not sure which, but I am sure of once, I think twice; I saw him go in and take up a bag of nails in his arms, and I saw him carry them along the street, and lay them down in the street against the rails; he stooped, pitched his shoulders underneath the bag, and they were too heavy for him, he could not raise them; he took the nails up again in his arms, and carried them along the street, and the prosecutor having information, pursued him.


                  JOSEPH
                   WINTERFLOOD
               



             sworn.
I was leading my cart; I am porter at the wharf, I pursued the man in St. Catherine's-lane, with a bag of nails on his back; he gave me no answer, but dropt them down, but I kept him fast.
(The nails deposed to by Mr. Helme.)
I swear to the bag, and the tally on the bag; and the nails are of the same sort.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I came from on board ship: coming down Tower-hill; I went into a public-house and had two pints of beer; a man followed me out, and asked me to carry the bag of nails, and he would pay me; I went to the wharf, he told me to stop, he pointed to the nails, and I took them up.
Knight. There was no man present but him.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
