





845. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Scandret
                        



                     
                  , on the 15th of September
, about the hour of eight in the night, and burglariously stealing therein two iron vices, weight 58 lb. value 21 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Lawley
                  



               
            .


                  FRANCIS
                   LAWLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a steel worker
; I work in the Black-raven-passage, Fetter-lane


, I work in a shop that joins the prosecutor's house, there is a house of each side of it, it joins both these houses; it is a private passage.
Court. Are there any rooms over your work-shop? - None at all, nor any communication to the house: on Thursday morning I went out, and I locked up the shop, the inner door, with a padlock, hasp and staple, and the outside door upon the spring lock; I came home about twenty minutes after eight, as near as possible, in the evening, and I found the box staple wrenched back, I went in and felt in the dark, and I missed my vice, and then another; I got a candle out of Mr. Scandret's house, and the prisoner came out of the house, and came into the shop to me, and he says, God d - n you, this is the third time your shop has been robbed; I said, I know it has; he said, why did not you take your vices and lock them at Mr. Scandret's, as you did the second time you was robbed; then I came into the public house, and he brought me a pot of beer, and says, God d - n you, here, drink, you will find it out in time; I went down into the vine vaults, and I received information that the prisoner was the man that robbed me, I went to the neighbouring pawnbroker's, and I found the vice at Mr. Ferris's; I am sure of the vice; I found it within ten minutes, and I found the other that is here at an old iron shop in Shoe-lane, at one Mr. Kent's; one vice is broke in the spring belonging to the flower, and the other is broke in the second turning in the worm in the box; there are not, I suppose, two such vices in the kingdom; I came back again to Mr. Scandret's house, and there the prisoner sat drinking; I took him out of the house, and got assistance; I took him to the corner of Stone Cutters-street, and there he began to cry, and begged for mercy, and acknowledged he had robbed me; he said he would give me my property again.
Did you make him any promise? - None at all; he wanted to go into a public house, and I took him out of the same house, and there he said he had not made away with much of the money; he said he had pawned one for five shillings and six-pence.
Prisoner. I beg to ask the witness whether he was not tried capitally at this bar; another thing, I have it not in my power to employ a council, and I hope you will look over that bit of paper before my trial goes on; I hope your Lordship will have the kindness to do me justice.
Court. Has the witness been ever convicted so as to disqualify him? - I was tried in this court, doubtless, but it is many years back; I was not called on my defence, I was honourably acquitted.


                  LAWRENCE
                   PEARSON
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Ferris, this vice was pledged at our shop on this day evening, a little after eight, by the prisoner; I am sure of his person; I never saw him before; he has the same dress on now that he had then; the prosecutor was with me about ten minutes after; I gave him the description of the man; I saw the man two days following; I have no doubt at all of him.
(The vice deposed to, being broken in the flower.)


                  JOHN
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I was coming through the Blackraven-passage, and I went in to have a pint of beer, the prisoner came in to me, and presently news came in that the shop was robbed, and he said to the prosecutor, d - n your foolish soul, this is the third time your shop has been broken open, and said, if you had carried the vices to Mr. Scandret's house you would not have lost them, I went with the prosecutor to Mr. Pearson's shop, where the vice was found, then when we came back the prosecutor charged him with the robbery, and he took him down to Stonecutter-street, and then he acknowledged it in my-hearing, and we brought him back to the public house, and the prisoner said, name the things you lost in the first robbery, and you shall have them, so he named one thing or two, and the prisoner said, I cannot, they are gone.
(The following defence in writing was delivered in by the prisoner, and read by the Clerk of the Arraigns.)
To the Right Honourable Lord Judge.
Most honoured Sir,
I most humbly beg that your goodness will be pleased to excuse the way of proceeding which I have taken, and most humbly beg that you will be pleased to take my hard case into consideration, and extend your Lordship's goodness and mercy on me, as far as you may think me worthy of it, when you hear my hard case, and the primonary that I drawed into innocently; the particulars of which is as follows:
On the fifteenth instant, about seven o'clock, I was drinking with Mr. Davis, who is one of the witnesses against me, and I having occasion to go to the door, when I was at the door I was accost by a man who came up to me, and telling me that he was a stranger, he would take it as a favour if I would inform him where there was a pawnbroker, and I not thinking of the consequence that might attend a thing of the kind, I took the things which he had, and went and pawn'd them for him, and brought him the money; and by obliging, he asked me to drink, but I return'd him thanks, and told him that I was engag'd at the house he saw me come out of, therefore I wished him good night, and return'd back, and in the space of about half an hour the prosecutor came in and said his shop had been robbed, and on his mentioning these words he went out, when the witness Davis went out after him, and they both return'd in the space of fifteen minutes, and said they had a suspicion that I had robb'd the prosecutor's shop, as they had found the things was pawn'd by me, I told them I knew nothing of it, but was willing to go any where with them, and accordingly they took me to the Compter, and I was taken the next day before the Alderman, who committed me for trial, and as I am intirely innocent of what is laid to my charge, I hope your Lordship will extend your goodness so far as to inspect into my prosecutor's character, as he has been tried in this court twice for his life; and I am well convinced this is done out of spite, because I worked for him some time ago, and not liking his proceedings, I left him; and he keeps an infamous house in George Yard, Field-lane; therefore your Lordship may judge what sort of a person he is, and as I have an undeniable character, and was never before in a primeary of the kind, I hope your Lordship will inspect into my unhappy case, and I, as in duty bound, shall ever pray;
And I am your Lordship's most devoted, and most humble servant,


                  EDWARD
                   DAVIS
               



            .
The prisoner called three witnesses to his Character.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
