





758. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     NEWLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d day of July
 last, twenty-eight pounds weight of lead, value 5 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Keene
                        




                     
                  , Esq
; and then fixed to a certain building of the said Robert, against the statute
            .


                  THOMAS
                   SAMUEL
               



             sworn.
I am a bricklayer, we have been building a house for Mr. Keene in Tabernacle-walk, St. Luke's


; the main part of the house was newly covered in, it was not inhabited, nor is yet; the gutters had been laid but a few nights before, some persons stripped the gutter from the roof; we found it necessary to appoint a watch, they watched about a week, and then came to me, and informed me they had taken a thief.
What day was it? - It was the morning of the 23d of July, between three and four; it was a gutter over a back office, the tiles were torn off, no lead was carried off.


                  JOHN
                   ROBINSON
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of July, I was going round between three and four, I saw the prisoner on the top of the kitchen; I turned a rattle and got assistance, and he got into the yard; I then went over the wall, and in searching about half an hour, we found the prisoner concealed in a chimney, and I saw the holdfasts cut out and doubled up, and removed from its place.


                  JAMES
                   BLUNDELL
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of July, I heard a rattle go, I made the best of my way to the rattle, I got over into the yard with Robinson, we searched the house from top to bottom, and could see or feel nothing of him, it was the dawn of the day, and a gentleman brought a light to me, and in a chimney in the lower room I found the prisoner.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
In the evening before I had been with an acquaintance of mine as far as Westminster, and was drinking till late; coming home I found it was too late to get into my lodging, and I was coming by this place, and I saw it was an empty place, and I went in to rest myself out of the way of the watch; I lay there two hours, or two hours and a half, and in the morning I awoke and found it was break of day.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
