






442. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STEVENS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 13th of March
 last, fifty-six yards of printed cotton, value 5 l. 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hussey
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   HUSSEY
               



             sworn.
I am a linen-draper
 in Russell-court


, on the 13th of March my opposite neighbour informed me that two men had stole something from under the window, I had a customer, and I could not go out, in a few minutes after I heard them cry stop thief, in a few minutes after I ran out, and the prisoner Smith run away with the two pieces of cotton in his apron, and I saw him throw them out of his apron, I run after him, and he 
               
                  drew
               


             a stick out of his coat with a large knob, and struck at every person that was like to be in his way to stop him, particularly at a child he struck at, that was likely to be in his way; I was out of breath, I could run no further, he was brought back to my shop.
Are you sure the person that was brought back was the man that you saw? - That I positively swear to, he is the man.
Had he the same clothes on? - It is so like, I believe it is the same.
(The cotton deposed to.)
How near was he to your shop when he dropped them? - Ten or twelve yards, he went towards Henrietta-street, and turned down a little court.
Do you know any thing of the other man? - Nothing at all, when I returned, he was in custody.
Court. Is the bludgeon in Court? - The constable has it, but has not brought it.
Prisoner. It was only a penny-stick.
Constable. It was a holly stick, with a hook at the top.
Jury. Was it a walking stick? - Yes.


                  STEPHEN
                   GENNON
               



             sworn.
I live opposite Mr. Hussey; on Saturday afternoon, about a quarter to five the two prisoners came up to his door, and looked at his goods, they were under the shop board, they pulled at them, but they were tied, and they went away, my man in the shop told me of it, I told him I saw it myself, and in about five minutes after they returned, the man in the jacket, Stevens, took out a knife and cut the string, they were gone some time, I am almost positive they went to buy a knife, I am a cutler by trade, and I am sure they went to buy a knife, for the knife found on them never had been used before; when they had cut the string, the milk woman came to the prosecutor's door, and prevented them carrying them off then; while they were gone I called out to my opposite neighbour, and told him to be upon his guard, for they would certainly be there again presently, as they had been once and tried the goods, and a second time, and cut the string, in about three or four minutes they passed the door, and came where the goods were; they went up close to the goods, and Stevens took the goods from the bulk, and put them into the apron of the other, and walked off with them; this I saw. The prosecutor and his servants went out when they heard the cry of stop thief, the prisoners run down a little alley, and I pursued Stevens, and Mr. Hussey pursued the other; in a few minutes the mob brought the other man to the door; I am sure to both the prisoners, positively so, I saw them four times in the whole.


                  JOHN
                   FOURNEAUX
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoners, I searched Stevens, and found this knife in his right-hand-pocket.
PRISONER STEVENS's DEFENCE.
Coming through the court at this time, I stood still, and this gentleman came up and catched hold on me.
Court. Then you are an innocent person and happened to be walking by? - Yes
Who is your master? - I work for Mr. Hare, in Red-cross-street; I drive a dray
 for him.
PRISONER SMITH's DEFENCE.
I was coming through Russel-court, a man chucked me two pieces of cotton into my apron, but it was not this other prisoner.
Court. He happened to chuck some cotton, and you happened to catch it? - Yes.
Court. You never had that happen to you before? - No.


                  THOMAS
                   SMITH
               



            , otherwise HAINES, 
               
                  JOHN
                   STEVENS
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice NARES.
