





130. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MILTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of December
 last, one hempen bag, value 2 s. and 280 lb. weight of hops, value 9 l. 7 s. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Goodwin
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James Bracey 
                     Perry
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Erasmus 
                     Maddox
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Thornton
                  



               
            .


                  BRYAN
                   VALENTINE ROBINSON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Messrs. Goodwin and Co. On Friday the 10th of January instant, we missed a bag of hops; they were kept at Ratcliffe-cross


, in warehouses; we suspected the prisoner from the acknowledgement of Le Cane; I had information that this bag was lodged at Le Cane's, and that he had purchased it of the prisoner and another, one Beamey; in consequence of which, I and 
               
                  Samuel
                   Yardley
               



             went to the coal shed, which this Le Cane keeps in Whitechapel, and there we found the bag which is now produced, which is my master's property.
Court. How lately had you seen it before the 10th? - I had not seen it lately.
Then how do you know but it might have been lost a good while ago? - From the confession of Le Cane having purchased it; I saw them in March or April, 1781: Le Cane afterwards surrendered himself, and acknowledged that he bought them of Milton and Beamey; he was to give at the rate of 4 guineas an hundred.
How much were they worth a hundred from hop factors? - The valuation was 3 l. 15 s. it seems he had been deceived in it; they persuaded him that they were smuggled, but that they were worth a great deal more.


                  SAMUEL
                   YARDLEY
               



             sworn.
I know no more than the last witness has told your Lordship.


                  JAMES
                   LE CANE
               



             sworn.
Court. You are a coal merchant? - I deal in coals.
You do not deal in hops then? - No.
How came you to buy these hops? - I bought them of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Milton
               



             and 
               
                  James
                   Beamey
               



            .
How came you to buy them? - They came to me, and asked me to buy them.
What did they say to you? - They told me they had a bag of hops, and they thought I should get a guinea or two by them if I bought them.
How came they to apply to you who are no dealer in hops, to buy these hops? - I knew them down at the coal wharf; they told me they were worth more than 4 guineas a hundred.
What made you think that these men would sell them for less than they were worth? - I did not know they would.
Why, that was your reason for buying them; you would not use such a quantity of hops in seven years? - No, I imagined by what they said, that I might gain a guinea by them.

Did you know that they were dealers in hops? - No.
How did you suppose that they came by them? - They told me that they were smuggled, and that they came from Farnham; and I believed them to be so.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never sold any hops in my life.
(The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
