





133. 
               
                  
                     GRACE 
                     MADDOCKS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, two diapertable cloths, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Wilcox
                     




                  , knowing the same to be stolen
            , whereof 
               
                  William
                   Higgins
               



             and others at the last session, were convicted of stealing.
The case opened by Mr. Sylvester.


                  William
                   Fitzpatrick
               



            , Deputy to Thomas Shelton, Esq; Clerk of the Arraigns, produced the original record, which was read and examined by the Court.


                  MARTHA
                   BREWER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to 
               
                  Joseph
                   Wilcox
               



            , Esq; in Queen-street, Westminster; our house was robbed while the family were in the country; I was not in town when the house was robbed; when I returned to town, we had lost abundance of things, and we found the house had been broke open; among the rest we lost five table-cloths; I was here last session, I was present when some men were tried for this robbery, their names were Higgins, Holden, and Grose.


                  CHARLES
                   JEALOUS
               



             sworn.
I had information of this robbery of Mr. Wilcox, in consequence of which; on the 1st of December last, between eleven and twelve, I went into Duck-lane, where the prisoner at the bar was, and one Grose sat by the fire side; I searched the room which was on the ground floor, a fore-room, and upon a bed I found these two table-cloths.
Whose room was it? - I do not know; I took it to be Maddox's room; I asked her whose property the two table-cloths were, and she said they were her's.
Do you know the Christian name of that Grose, you found with her? - He is the man that was tried last session, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Grose
               



            , 
               
                  William
                   Higgins
               



            , and 
               
                  Joseph
                   Holden
               



            .
Court. Did you know before that time where this woman lived? - I knew she lived in Duck-lane, but in what house I did not know.
Did she live with Grose? - Yes.
Whereabouts were these table-cloths? - They were on the bed.
What, open! to be seen by any body that came in? - Our information was, that there was a quantity of goods came in that night; I suppose the goods were stolen that night from Mr. Wilcox.
Did Grose live at this house? - They lived together; there was a key found on the chimney-piece of that room, which opened Mr. Wilcox's door; I tried it myself.
(Deposed to by 
               
                  Martha
                   Brewer
               



            .)
They are Mr. Wilcox's property, they were in the house when I left it, they are the same that were produced last session.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say any further than that Mr. Fleming gave me some few table-cloths to cut out for pin-afores for my child.


                  FRANCIS
                   FLEMING
               



             sworn.
On Thursday the 1st of December, I went to the house of Mrs. Burkett, where I saw the three prisoners and this woman, and I bought some things; and in looking over them I saw these two table-cloths, and considered them as of no value, and the woman was present, and I gave them to her.
You bought some of the other things? - Yes, seven sheets, eight table-cloths, with these two, and a white cotton counterpane; I gave three guineas for them, I bought them at a house in Duck-lane; Mrs. Burkett's.
How came this woman there? - She was there when I went in.
What had she to do there? - I do not know, she was there before I went in.
What are you? - I am not any thing at present; I am engaged in something.
What was you at that time? - A pawnbroker at Westminster.
Was you a witness on the last trial? - Yes, to prove my buying the things of the prisoners who were then convicted.
You was then a pawnbroker? - Yes.

Was you sent for to buy these things? - No, I was sent for by the prisoner to buy them.
Are those two table cloths, in your judgment of no value? - They would not to me, because I could not have made any thing of them; I thought if they were sold, they would only answer the purpose of cuting up for napkins or clouts.
What would you have given for two such? - I would not have bought them; if I had them, I would have sold them for eighteen pence, or two shillings, most likely.
Prisoner. I had somebody to my character all day yesterday, but nobody to-day.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Lord Chief Baron.
