





833. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SIMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Barford
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of five in the afternoon, on the 20th day of October
, part of his family being therein, and stealing therein, one piece of printed linen, value 3 l. his property
            .
- FENNER sworn.
I am warder of Cheap-Ward


; I was going my round, about ten minutes after five last Saturday, and saw the prisoner; I went a little further and stood against the next house window; then I said, my friend, I think I have got you; he made no reply; he got from me; Mr. Barford's clerk came and caught him in his arms about three yards from the door; Mr. Barford picked up the piece of goods at the door.
Prisoner. Can you take a safe oath that you saw me lift up the latch? - I saw his hand upon the latch, and saw his arm turn, and I saw him go in.


                  JOHN
                   BARFORD
               



             sworn.
I was at home when this happened, atthe very far end of all the warehouse; the warehouse door goes into the Poultry, facing the Old Jury


, it is a part of my dwelling-house; I live in the same house; the door was shut at the time: sometime before I sent my clerk to the banker's, I was at the far end of the warehouse, I turned my head round and saw the prisoner at the bar in the warehouse with a piece of print in his hand; I heard the door open, I did not see it; I saw the prisoner go out of the house with something, and when I had run to the front door in the Poultry, I found this piece dropped there, just at the time that the other witness and him were struggling; it is my property, and I immediately signed my own name, and made the constable sign his name upon it, and my neighbour signed his name.
Had it any mark before? - There is my private mark and length of yards, which is customary.


                  WILLIAM
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Mr. Barford; as I was returning from the banker's, I saw the prisoner.
Do you recollect whether you latched the door after you? - To the best of my recollection, I did; I am not quite sure; I saw the print drop; I did not see who dropped it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I hope you will take it into consideration for my wife and child they are starving; and I asked the gentleman to send me abroad, I was very willing to serve his majesty.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s. but not of the house-breaking
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
