





488. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BURN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
 last, one wooden cask, value 6 d. and 100 lb. weight of Belvidere raisins, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Butler
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BUTLER
               



             sworn.
I am a merchant's watchman
, on the Keys; I had on the 26th of April, the care of a quantity of Belvidere raisins in a cask; there were hurdles about them; they were at the bottom of Fresh Wharf gate-way


; if any of the goods are lost, I am answerable for them; they were missing on a Thursday; they were taken by the prisoner, as my man told me.


                  JOHN
                   HAGGAT
               



             sworn.
In the morning as soon as I came down, 
               
                  John
                   Frere
               



            , the constable, asked me if I lost any thing; upon looking, I missed a cask of raisins; I watched all night, and at seven in the evening, he was set to watch; he watches all night; a quarter before four, Frere spoke to me; I never left the place at all, nor never slept; I take it, they came and took them off the Key by water; the water makes such a noise it is impossible to hear them come.
(The cask produced, marked with a round O on the head and the side of the cask, and deposed to.)



                  JAMES
                   GREENWOOD
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman in the street; about four o'clock, the prisoner was coming up the gate-way with a sack on his back; I stopped him and asked him what he had got; he said, take it; and ran away.
What was in the sack? - Nothing but raisins; I called out stop thief; (there was 100 lb. weight) he was taken to the watch-house; he had on a blue jacket and trowsers and a round hat.
The patrol saw the watchman with the prisoner, and assisted in securing him.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
