





766. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     JACKSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of July
 last, one linen handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Barber
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BARBER
               



             sworn.
When did you lose your handkerchief? - On the 6th of July, between ten and eleven o'clock, in Newgate-street


; I did not see him take it, but saw it lay under a shop-window; Mr. Jenour picked it up, and asked me if it was not mine, I told him it was; it is marked B; I missed it that moment before.
Prisoner. Ask him if I was not before the prosecutor when he missed his handkerchief?
How far was the prisoner from you? - About ten yards.


                  JOHN
                   CHINNER
               



             sworn.
I picked up the handkerchief; I saw the prisoner follow the gentleman at the top of Saint Martin's-le-grand; I saw him make two snatches at his pocket; I cried, Aye! and saw him throw down the handkerchief; I picked it up, and gave it to the gentleman, and told him that was the man that picked his pocket.


                  RICHARD
                   MARTIN
               



             sworn.
I was in Newgate-street, just crossing the way, and stepping up upon the kirb, I saw a handkerchief drop; I saw a man behind stoop, and pick it up; as I was going along the last witness came up to me and said, the prisoner had picked the gentleman's pocket: I did not see him pick the gentleman's pocket; I have had the handkerchief ever since.
(The handkerchief deposed to.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
