





454. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     FLEXMORE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of June
, two pair of plated shoe buckles, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            .



                  GEORGE
                   WATSON WOOD
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday the 18th of June, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into Exeter-Change


, I watched him and saw him go to Mr. Clarke's shop, and take one pair of plated buckles; he went to another part of the Change for the space of two or three minutes looking at the things in the shops, and then came back again and took another pair of plated buckles; then he went away, I followed him and brought him back, he then gave me the buckles out of his pocket; we sent for an officer, and he was taken to Bow-street and committed; he said he hoped we would excuse him, he could not say any thing for himself, because I found the buckles upon him.
In his cross-examination he said,
That the prisoner did not offer to run away; that he did not observe whether the prisoner was in liquor or not.


                  JOHN
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I took the prisoner to Bow-street, his examination was taken in writing, which was signed by me, the Justice and the prisoner.
(Examination read.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was very much in liquor, I thought I had paid for the buckles, when the gentleman took me, I told him I had paid for them, but when I put my hand in my pocket and found what money I had, I knew I had not paid for them, and then I confessed it.
(The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a very good character.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
