





69. The said 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of December
, one half muslin handkerchief, value 2 s. a pair of striped muslin robins, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Treyere
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   TREYERE
               



             sworn.
I keep a sale shop
, the prisoner came into my shop about half past three, on the first of this month; she offered me an old white under-coat to sell; I looked at it, and asked her if she had any thing else; she told me she had, and she pulled out a black cloak out of her bundle; I looked at the two and asked her the price; I told her the coat was of little service; I would give three shillings for the cloak: she told me I should have them if I would give her four shillings; I said I would give no more; she said, take the cloak at three shillings: I had only two shillings in my pocket; I left the shop to go into a parlour for some silver; I asked her to give change, she could not, she said I will step opposite and get change; but it does not signify; I will take my cloak; and she took it and went; I immediately missed my handkerchief; I went after her, and said to her; madam, I believe you have taken a half muslin handkerchief out of my window; she said, I believe you will find yourself mistaken; come back to your shop; we went back, and she pulled the handkerchief and robbins out of her pocket; and said, I did take them: she had offered me before a piece of cotton to sell; but I did not chuse to buy it; Mason followed her into the shop; he was coming past at the time; the handkerchief was hanging across a rail in the window, it was impossible for me not to see it; the robins hung with it.


                  GEORGE
                   MASON
               



             sworn.
I was present at this time, when the woman was taken back; and she took this handkerchief and ruffles out of her pocket; she was quite panic struck.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I leave it to my counsel.

The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave her a good character; one of whom was Lord Dover's porter, who said she waited on a young lady at his Lordship's house, and was still room maid, which was a place of trust, and lived there more than a year.



               GUILTY
            , aged 22.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
