






675. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HERBERT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HOLDSWORTH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing four live turkies, value 4 s. three live conies, value 3 s. one live drake, value 12 d. and two live fowls, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Froggatt
               




            , August 31st
.


                  THOMAS
                   FROGGATT
               



             sworn.
I live at Shoot-up Hill, near Hampstead


; on the last of August, I lost the poultry mentioned in the indictment; I missed them the next morning.
What time did you get up? - The maid was up about six or seven o'clock I believe, but I cannot say.
What time did you go to bed the night before? - Between nine and ten; I cannot say whether the two fowls went that night or not; but the others I am sure were there the night before.
Where was your poultry kept? - The turkies were kept in a stable before the house, and the ducks and rabbits were in a little yard at the back of the house.
Do you know who took them? - No.
When were the prisoners apprehended? The 1st of September in the morning.
Was you present? - No, at night the patrols inquired if I had lost any poultry.
Did you ever see them again? - Yes, at Bow-street; the people that stopped them took the rabbits and the turkies, for they were dead, and of very little use.


                  HENRY
                   CROKER
               



             sworn.
On the 1st of September, about half after nine o'clock in the morning, I saw the two prisoners coming out of a field that leads from Kentish Town to the turnpike in Tottenham Court Road; Holdsworth had a basket, and the other had a handkerchief stung to his shoulder with a stick; I followed them down Tottenham Court Road till they came to the Terrace, where my brother officer Hatch lives; I called to him, and told him I suspected these men; I immediately laid hold of Holdsworth, he dropped the basket, and we had a struggle; the other ran away, and Hatch pursued and took him; in Holdsworth's basket, four yellow turkies, a very large yellow rabbit, and a small one yellow likewise: I took them to Bow-street, and on Monday I heard the things were claimed by the prosecutor in the presence of the prisoners; they said they found them.
Mr. Garrow, prisoners counsel. Which of them was it that said he had found them? - They both said so.
Can you venture to say that Holdsworth said so, or that the other had asked him to carry them? - I am sure he said so.
What time in the morning was it? - About half after nine, or between nine and ten.


                  THOMAS
                   HATCH
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner Herbert, and found upon him a large drake and a rabbit, tied up in a handkerchief.
Court to Froggett. Those things that were stopped, were shewn to you at Bow-street? - Yes.
Could you tell with certainty whether any of them belonged to you or not? - They were not marked, but I believe they were mine; they were the same size, andthe same number as I lost; the drake was a remarkable large one, greyish, and some green upon his head; I bred him in the spring.
Can you say with any degree of certainty, whether it was your drake or not? - I cannot, but I believe it was mine.
Do you think if it had been among a flock and you had look'd for it, you should have known it? - Yes, I think I should.
Mr. Garrow. What time in the morning were those missed? - About six or seven o'clock I believe, but I cannot say.
Then they must have been stole between nine o'clock in the evening and that time? - Yes.
JOS. HERBERT's DEFENCE.
On Saturday morning I got up about six o'clock, I went to Holdsworth's lodgings, and stopped there; I asked if he would go out and see for a day's work at hay-making; we went round the fields and could not get any work, and in the field near Tottenham Court Road, these things lay; we took them up, and did not know what to do with them; the other prisoner said he would take them home and have them advertised, and if nobody owned them, we would make use of them.
The prisoner Holdsworth left his defence to his Counsel.
For Holdsworth.


                  SAMUEL
                   WEBB
               



             sworn.
I live in Maynard-street, St. Giles's, Bloomsbury; I keep a horse and cart, and sell greens about the the town.
Do you keep a house? - No, I have two rooms in the house of Mr. M'Cabe, a rabbit merchant, in Leadenhall Market.
Do you know Holdsworth? - Yes, he lodged with me.
Do you remember the day he was taken up? - Yes, the night before he went to bed in my back parlour, about a quarter after ten o'clock.
How long had he been in your company before he went to bed? - All the afternoon long.
What time in the morning did he go, out? - As near as I can say upon my oath, about ten minutes or a quarter past seven.
It was not before seven? - No, it was not; my milkman always comes at seven, and I called him up to take the milk in, and I am sure he was then at home.
How soon did you hear he was in custody? - The same day.
Then are you sure he was at home at seven in the morning? - Yes.
And slept at home? - Yes.
What part of the house do you sleep in? - I sleep in the fore parlour, and the partition is taken down between the room where he slept, and the room where I slept, so that it is like the same room.
Jury. Have not you been in custody yourself within these three months? - No.
Nor within these six months? - No, nor within these two years. I'll tell you the truth; once I was a poor man; I went a begging, and was then taken up as a vagrant, but was never taken up upon any charge for any crime.
Court. What is Holdsworth? - A shoemaker; his master is here that he was apprentice to.
He does not go out a hay-making does he? - No, not that I know of; I don't know; he might; he had work'd some time back at Chelsea, and then he work'd at Knightsbridge, but he was out of work at this time, and had been seven or eight days.
He was at home all that afternoon? - Yes.
How happened that? - He went along with me to buy a jack-ass, and I could not get one; and I bought a poor old horse, and brought him home about six o'clock in the evening, and he never went out after that, but staid with me at Mr. Price'sthe public house, and had some beer, and passed away the time playing at all-fours till after seven.
Who else was in company? - Several; Mr. Price himself was there, and saw us there.
Was any-body but you and Holdsworth in company together? - No.
Did you sup at Price's or your own house? - At my own house.
Was any-body there at all? - Yes, my wife.
No-body else? - No.
Did she sup with you? - Yes.
What had you for supper? - A piece of cold breast of mutton and potatoes.
Any beer? - Yes, a pot; we sent for it to Price's; my wife fetched it.
What time of night? - About half past seven or rather better; it was not eight o'clock; my wife called me when supper was ready.
What time did you go to bed? - About ten, or about five or ten minutes past ten o'clock.
Did Holdsworth go to bed before you or after? - About five minutes after I had been in bed; says he I'll go to bed I think; ay, says I, do; I wonder what you staid up so late for; my wife sat up an hour after.
Who was first up in the morning? - Holdsworth; my wife got up about eight o'clock; Holdsworth took in the milk, and I sent him to Price's for some spirits a little after seven, and he brought it.
Your wife was not up then? - No.


                  MARGARET
                   WEBB
               



             sworn.
I am wife to the last witness.
Where do you live? - In Maynard-street, St. Giles's.
In whose house? - Mr. M'Cabe's.
What is your husband? - Sometimes he goes out with goods in the street.
How? - Upon a jack-ass sometimes; and sometimes with a horse and cart.
And what goods does he sell? - Green grocery.
What part of the house do you lodge in? - The two lower rooms.
Did Thomas Holdsworth lodge with you? - Yes, his father lived at Chelsea, and he lived with his father before he came to us.
What business is he? - A shoe-maker.
He was taken up lately, you know? - Yes.
How long before that had you seen him? - About five minutes before seven that day, my husband went and spoke to him to take in some milk.
What time did he go to bed? - A little after ten, and he was not out from five or six o'clock till he went to bed.
Where was your husband? - He was at home when the prisoner came home; my husband had been out too, and they came almost together.
Had they been out together? - No.
Did the prisoner go out any where afterwards? - No, he was very warm with walking, and sat down to rest himself.
Did he go to Price's? - Yes, he might, but he was not out of the house ten minutes; without he went out while I was gone to buy a bit of meat.
What time was that? - About seven.
How long did you stay out? - About half an hour.
And you found them at home? - Yes.
What did you buy? - A bit of breast of mutton.
What had you for supper? - A breast of mutton, and broth, and turnips.
What time did you sup? - About half past eight, or near nine.
Who supped with you? - The prisoner, and one 
               
                  Margaret
                   Carty
               



            , and my husband and I.
Court. I think it needless to go any further, it is as complete a contradiction as possible.
The prisoner called the person he served his time with, and another person who hadknown him nineteen years, who both gave him a good character.


                  JOSEPH
                   HERBERT
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .





               Whipped
            , and 


               imprisoned one month
            .


                  THOMAS
                   HOLDSWORTH
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
