






49. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     RUSSELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, one hank of silk, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dye
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Harvey
                        



                     
                  , privily in their shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   DYE
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 38, St. Martin's Le Grand


, I am a man's mercer and trimming maker

, in partnership with E. Hervey; about seven weeks since I first saw the prisoner, she brought a pattern of sewing silk, and said her father used a good deal, and would be a good customer; she came six or eight times a week, a boy served her, and on packing up the paper, we found a considerable decrease in the quantity; this was a fortnight before; from that time we kept our silk weighed and marked, on purpose to detect her if possible, having a strong suspicion; we shewed her a paper containing ten heads, and each head weighing about eight ounces; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Waters
               



             served her, who usually did serve her; I went out to see which way she went; when she came out the witness Waters followed her: Mr. Haywood was in the shop, he is not here; he took her back into the shop, I followed her; she sat herself on a stool nigh the counter, and on moving her from thence, we discovered a head of silk dropt on the ground; we sent for a constable immediately, and took her before Sir Sampson Wright's: she said, dear Sir, how can you say so; she did not desire me to shew her any favour.


                  THOMAS
                   WATERS
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came into the shop, we shewed her one paper of raven grey silk; about six pounds in ten different heads, and about eight ounces in each; she purchased three hanks out of three different heads; I had examined that paper just before she was in, and I missed one head, which is eight ounces; I followed her out and brought her to the shop; she sat down on a stool; I sent for a constable, when he came, I was going to remove her into the middle of the shop to examine her, and there was a hank of silk on the floor by the stool; I counted the silk and missed a head before I went out; I did not see her take it; I will swear that hank of silk was not on the floor when she was brought back.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I did not meddle with or touch it.
The prisoner called one witness who gave her a good character.
GUILTY,




               Of stealing, but not privily
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
