





396. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     ALLEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th day of March
 last, one dimity gown, value 15 s. a cotton petticoat, value 6 s. a silk cloak, value 5 s. a muslin apron, value 7 s. a pair of linen pockets, value 12 s. a silk handkerchief, value 3 s. a pair of base metal shoe-buckles, value 2 s. a muslin handkerchief, value 2 s. and a pair of thread stockings, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Bailey
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George
                         Robinson
                     



.


                  MARY
                   ANN BAILEY
               



             sworn.
I go out to work; I live at No. 7, Crown-street, Hog-lane.
Who do you live with? - Mr. Burgess, a saddle-tree maker.
Do you know any thing of Mr. Robinson? - No, I never was there but once in my life; I lost several things last month in Parker's-lane


, in Mr. Robinson's house; I lost my way, and I asked the watchman, and the prisoner at the bar took me in; it was the 4th of March, about half after eleven at night.
Where had you been? - In Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-Fields; I was going home.
How came you to lose your way? - Because I am not used to be out at night; I was going home; nobody was with me.
Had you a bundle of things with you? - No, they were the clothes I had on.
What did you do upon losing your way? - I was coming down Long Acre, and I lost my way into Crown-street, Hog-lane; I asked the prisoner at the bar; I never saw her before; she told me, if I would go along with her she would shew me; but instead of shewing me the way home, she took me into Parker's-lane, to Mr. Robinson's, an ironmonger's shop; when I got to the door, she asked me to go up stairs, which I refused several times; she asked me to drink with her; I had no objection; with much persuasion I did go up stairs.
How did she persuade you? - She said, if I would go up stairs with her while she poked down her fire, she would see me home; when she got up stairs, she asked me to treat her; I put my hand in my pocket, and gave her a shilling to get some beer; she was gone about an hour, and returned again, and said it was too late, and she could not get any beer; there was another girl with her at the same time, thatkept me in talk, and staid with me; she asked me if I would have any gin to drink; I told her I was not fond of spirits, and she went and got some raspberry, and they made me drink a tea-cup full; the prisoner came in again, and took a bottle, and was gone three quarters of an hour, and made me drink a tea-cup full, or else they would throw it over me; I drank it; I was afraid of having my white gown stained; they made as if it was red port, so I drank it up; then they made me go to bed; one of them undressed me, while the o the put her back against the door, and said I should not go out.
How long was it after you drank the teacup full? - About half an hour; it was getting very late.
Did this raspberry affect you? - Yes, I suppose it did, or I should not have done such a thing; it was about half an hour after two; I was not so bad but I had my understanding about me; I laid there about ten minutes; I dropt asleep, and I was awaked by the prisoner moving my head, and taking my pockets from under my head; the prisoner and the girl made a sham to undress themselves, when they undressed me; I suppose I fell asleep directly upon getting into bed; it could not be above ten minutes before I was waked; I folded up my gown in my handkerchief, and pinned it in another, on a chair at the bed-side; my petticoats were loose, my pockets were under my head; then I was awaked by their taking my pockets; I looked round, though I pretended to be asleep, and I saw the prisoner and the other woman, with my pockets and the other things; the prisoner had my gown and apron, the other took the other things, and blew out the candle, and poked out the fire; I did not speak to them while they continued in the room, I was afraid, as it was a strange place; as soon as they were gone, I got up to look for my pockets; I found nothing but my hat and shoes, and shift that I had on; I went down in my shift, and a man came up; I called Mr. Robinson.
Had you seen him before? - No, Sir, I did not know his name then; I went down stairs, and knocked at the door; he came up, and desired me to make myself contented, he should find the person out; on Monday night Mr. Freeman took her; I stopped till about half after six in the morning; Mr. Robinson went and got me some things, and Mr. Freeman went to a relation's of mine, and got me some clothes.
What day of the week was this? - It was on Sunday night, the 4th of March.
When did you see the prisoner again? - Not till Tuesday morning, before Justice Walker.
Now, my girl, be positively sure the prisoner is the person. - I am sure of it; I never saw her before; there was a candle in the room till I went to bed; I am positive to the woman; as soon as I saw her, I knew her.
Have you got the things here? - The pawn-broker has got them.
Who do you live with? - I live by myself.
Who do you lodge with? - Mr. Burgess.
How do you get your livelihood? - I work, and earn nine shillings a week, making ladies hoops and hips.
Who had you been with that night? - With a young woman that was going down to Bath.
Had you been drinking any thing before? - Nothing but some beer to my supper.


                  JACOB
                   FREEMAN
               



             sworn.
On Monday morning, the 5th of March, about six, I was called up by Robinson, the landlord of this house; I went up two pair of stairs, in a back room, and I found the prosecutrix in bed, and her clothes all gone, excepting her hat and shoes; I asked her who she was, she was in such a flood of tears, it was a long while before she could tell me; at last she did, and began to describe the prisoner.
Did the prosecutrix describe her to you? - Yes, she said she should know her froma hundred, she was so particularly marked in the face, and I knew the prisoner living in that house, I went to the prosecutrix's friends, where she directed me, and fetched her sister to her, to bring her some clothes, and take her away; after that, I took a description of the clothes she had lost; as soon as the pawn-brokers opened, I went round, and searched many of them; at one pawn-broker's I found a gown and cloak, and an apron; some of the things are not found yet.


                  DOROTHY
                   HOWELL
               



             sworn.
I went into a neighbour's house, with a cap and a pair of stockings to the woman, and the prisoner was sitting there; I happened to go in two or three times that evening; about five the prisoner asked me to pawn a gown and coat; this was on Monday evening; she said nothing, but that she would pay me for my trouble; I went to this pawnbroker; she desired me to ask twelve shillings for them; I said they were not worth half the money, but I asked half a guinea of this gentleman, and he gave me nine shillings and sixpence; I immediately got a ticket in her name, which she gave me as 
               
                  Sarah
                   Smith
               



            ; I never saw her before, to my knowledge; I came back, and gave her the nine shillings and five-pence halfpenny, and the ticket, which cost a halfpenny; she gave me three-pence for my trouble, and in five minutes after, another penny.


                  EDWARD
                   ANSELL
               



             sworn.
I am a pawn-broker; I took in these things of a 
               
                  Dorothy
                   Howell
               



            , on Monday, the 5th of March; I gave her nine shillings and six-pence for the gown and petticoat; she said they belonged to 
               
                  Sarah
                   Smith
               



            ; in a short time after, she brought me a black silk cloak, which she said belonged to some girl; she had fifteen pence on that; Howell said that was from another girl.
(The things deposed to by the Prosecutrix.)
Prosecutrix. The gown is joined at the top of the hips; the petticoat is the same as the gown; I had a black silk cloak on that night.
What were the other things you had on? - A white under petticoat, a pair of stockings, a silk handkerchief, and some things I had in my pocket of no great value, a pen-knife, and an etwee-case; these things are not found.
(The things deposed to by Howell.)
Howell. I examined the gown before I went out with it, and saw this piece across the hips, which made me say I should not get so much for it; I know them to be the same.
Is Mr. Robinson here? - No.
Court to Freeman. When did you take up this prisoner? - On Monday night.
Do you happen to know when she left her lodgings? - Yes, she absconded, for I went three or four times on that day to see whether she was at home or not; I took her on Monday night, in Robinson's parlour; he detained her till I came; Beamish was present at the apprehending her.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am innocent of the affair; after I had fetched some raspberry and gin, she gave me six-pence for a pot of half and half; when I returned, she was crying upon the stairs, and said she was robbed; I went and looked after the young woman till Monday night; when I returned, they stopped me.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 10 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
