





538. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DARKIS
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he on the 2d of May
, on 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Sturt
                        




                     
                  , feloniously did make an assault, and in a violent manner did feloniously and wilfully demand the money, with felonious intent, the money of the said Robert, from his person and against his will feloniously to steal
            .


                  ROBERT
                   STURT
               



             sworn.
I was stopped in a field in Islington parish


, at half past seven in the evening, and the prisoner, I am positive it is him, came up to me, and demanded my money with a knife to my throat, I was going to White-conduit house, he kept the knife towards my throat, and swore he would run it into me if I did not deliver my money, I had a stick in my hand, and I immediately gave him a blow on the side of the head, and I got away from him and cried out murder! he tried to make his escape, I called after him stop thief, these two men run after him and caught him, he turned again and swore he would murder me if I did not get off, these two men were at the top of the field, the prisoner returned and said he would murder me if I did not cease calling out; he ran away and the two men ran after him and called him, he never was out of my sight, I am positive it was the prisoner; when he was taken he confessed every thing to these two men, in my presence, that he was the man, and resigned himself to them, and before the Justice he confessed also.
Was that confession taken by the Justice in writing? - No.
He did not taken any of your property? - No.


                  GEORGE
                   JOHNS
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner, I had been for a walk, it was on Sunday, the 2d of May, in the afternoon, and coming home at the end of the field where the gentlemen play at cricket, I heard the gentlemen cry murder! and the other man and me came up and took him, he said I am the man, but it is the first time I ever did any thing in my life, he begged to be let go, the gentleman run up, and said hold him fast, he said that is the man that put the knife to my throat.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had not had a bit of bread for two or three days, I met the gentleman and asked him for two or three half-pence, I thought I had better do that than do worse, and the gentleman called out, whereas the people were all walking about, and these two men said they would swear to me for the money.
Prosecutor. He never asked me for any half-pence, here is the mark where he tore my waistcoat, he asked me for no alms, if he had I should have relieved him.
Jury. Have you got the knife? - He was searched but there was no knife found upon him, he run two fields off.
Court. Gentlemen of the Jury, this is an attempt to commit a robbery without an actual taking from the person, the party attacked; the law having said the intention was not a crime for which a man could be indicted, by the act of the 7th of his late Majesty it is changed, and if any person should with any offensive weapon assault, or should by any menaces or in a violent manner demand any money, goods &c. he shall be transported for seven years, the question is whether this case does not fall within the express provision in this act of parliament.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
