





759. 
               
                  
                     WALTER 
                     BATLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th day of September
 last, seven woollen sailor's jackets, value 20 s. two woollen sailor's jackets, value 10 s. seven white flannel jackets, value 3 s. six pair of breeches, value 12 s. twelve pair of trowsers, value 20 s. twelve checque shirts, value 20 s. one cloth waistcoat, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Richardson
                  




               
            .


                  DAVID
                   RICHARDSON
               



             sworn.
I am a slop-seller
, I did live at No. 27, in Wapping


; on the 24th of September last, when my house was burned down, I lost a great many things, and amongst the rest the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  JOHN
                   HIND
               



            .
Previous to my being sworn I beg to submit to your Lordship whether I can be examined in this matter, as I was on the grand jury when this bill was found.
Court. I apprehend what you are going to tell now is nothing that was intrusted to you as a secret at the grand jury; here you must tell us every thing that had come to your knowledge before that time.
Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   Eyre
               



            . That oath never extends to the lawful demands which justice has upon all men.


                  JOHN
                   HIND
               



             sworn.
On the 24th of of September, about eleven, my friend Mr. Sayer and me were returning home, and there being a great fire, we saw a man passing us very swiftly, we were crossing Ratcliffe Highway, near Neptune-street; seeing the man pass me so briskly, and appear to be loaded, I said to my friend, it appears as if that man had got some of the sufferers property: we followed him, and we heard some voices behind say the same; instantly there was a cry of stop thief, we both ran to the end of Neptune-street, in Wellclose-square; we seized the prisoner who had the bag on his back, he was asked where he was going with that bundle, I think he said to No. 72, but I will not be positive as to the number, (Prisoner. I said No. 17, as plain as a man could speak.) I may be mistaken in the number; he instantly dropped the bag, there were I believe two more men with him, but they had not hold of the bag, I held him, the bag was taken care of by a man of credit, and we took the prisoner to the watch-house: we returned to seek after the property, and found Mr. Sayer's friend had taken care of it; I know it to be the same bag, I had the things taken to the watch-house, where I took out every one of them.
(The things produced and deposed to, those that were marked by the prosecutor, and those that were not by 
               
                  Agnes
                   Shropshire
               



             who made them.)
Court to Prosecutor. Those were in your shop before and at the time of the fire? - Yes, I believe they were.


                  THOMAS
                   BENGER
               



             sworn.
A neighbour and me went down at Well-close-square to see the fire, and as we were coming up into Neptune-street, we saw the prisoner go by with this heavy load, I was with two neighbours that are not here, somebody behind said, I believe that is a thief, and I said if I thought he was I would run and catch him; there was a woman in the street that a gentleman here had desired her if she saw any body go with heavy loads to cry stop thief, I run as fast as I could, and overtook the man. Mr. Sayer and Mr. Hind had caught the man before I came up, but the bag was not off his back, when I came up to him: we were up with him almost together: I am sure the prisoner is the man; this gentleman asked him where he got the things, and he said No. 17, I believe, but there is no such number in Rosemary-lane.
Court. He says now No. 17.
Prisoner. There is such a number. Mr. Hind went to enquire for it.
Benger. Then Mr. Nicholls the constable of the night came up and took the bundle away to his house: when Mr. Hind and Sayer had taken care of the prisoner, they came back to me and I went to Nicholls's house, and there was the bag tied up; this is the same bag. I have known Mr. Sayer several years.


                  THOMAS
                   NICHOLLS
               



             sworn.
I had these these things in my custody, I was the officer of the night, I took several other things that night into my custody, and they have been in my possession ever since; I looked at the bag, and being part new and part old, I observed it was what we call a thief's bag, I know the prosecutor well, I am of the same business, and I said these are poor Davy Richardson's things, I went to him next morning, and informed him where he might find them.
Prisoner to Hind. Whether he did not meet me in Virginia-street, where I was employed by a man to carry this bundle, and he offered me one shilling to carry it to his other shop in Rosemary-lane? -
Hind. He said he would not go at first without an authority, I told him every man had an authority to take a thief.
- SAYER sworn.
I assisted in taking the prisoner. When we first took him he said No. 72; I am sure he said so at first: at the watch-house: he said No. 17.
Prosecutor. No. 72 was the number of my house in Wapping. I have no shop in Rosemary-lane.
Hind. When he said it was 17, I said you said 72 before; he said he did not: then I gave it up, for I had my doubts.
Sayer. I have no doubt in it at all.
Prisoner. I had witnesses last night, when I was called up, and my trial postponed, but I have none this morning: they would have proved my character and every thing.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice NARES.
