






628. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WHITCOMBE
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, fifteen iron hoops, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Felix 
                  Calvert
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Ladbrook
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Whitmore
                  



               
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)


                  JOHN
                   OLDFIELD
               



             sworn.
I work in Sharp's-alley


, at the hairbrush business; there is a store-cellar of Mr. Calvert's there; I know the prisoner, I saw him at the store-cellar last Monday was a fortnight; he asked me to get him a candle; I was by the stairs of the store-cellar about four or five in the afternoon; when he first came I went and got him a candle; he said he would give me a draught of beer for so doing, and he did so; afterwards he shut the window down, and took up the cellar window, and got in; I did not go in, he gave me a pint of beer in a pot out of the window; it was nigh eight before he came out; I left him for the space of an hour, then I went again and looked through the holes, and I saw him knocking the hoops off the tubs, and the beer was running all about; when he came up, he brought a sack full of iron hoops; I first told a woman that keeps a green-shop; her name is Mrs. Smith, and she told Mr. Pool, a publican.
Had you any thing to do with this at all? - No, Sir, upon my oath I had not, I was not to have any part of the value, nothing but the pint of beer; I never saw the prisoner before.
- SCAFE sworn.
I am a cooper at Mr. Calvert's house; this cellar is rented by Mr. Poole and Mr. Boulton; the butts and hoops that were there are Mess. Calvert's, and Co. I went into the cellar the Friday after we heard of it; I found there was missing to the amount of seventy-seven iron hoops off of different tubs; I counted them three or four times over, and in beer and water I was almost over my boots; there was run out between fifteen and twenty barrels of beer; there was not an iron hoop in the cellar, but what was left on the tubs; the prisoner had been a drayman, and worked with Mr. Hale in Red-cross-street.
- ISAACS sworn.
I am constable of Clerkenwell, I had information, and went with the lad, and he pointed him out, thirty yards off; I took him, and he threw me down, and he wrenched this stick out of my hand, and beat me with it; I have a bandage over my loins now.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of it any more than a child unborn; I never was in any cellar; I never stole a hoop since I was born from my mother; I know the lad Oldfield; at the time he first swore to me, I was as black as a chimney-sweeper; I never saw him before he swore against me.
Jury to Scafe. Was the door of that cellar locked? - Yes, it was, the lock was wrenched off.
Did the hoops appear to have been fresh knocked off? - Some of them did; I never was in the cellar before.
Jury to Oldfield. Are you sure of the man? - I am clear of him, I did not see him break the lock, I saw him take the flap up, he had a brewer's jacket on.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
