





694. 
               
                  
                     BOZE 
                     VENNER
                  



               
             was indicted (together with 
               
                  FRANCIS
                   HILL
               



            ) for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st day of June
 last, twenty-one yards of callico, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ashby
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Philpot
                        



                     
                  , being laid and placed and exposed to be whitened in a certain bleaching ground of theirs
            , against the statute.
(The case opened by Mr. Peatt.)


                  JOHN
                   PHILPOT
               



             sworn.
I am a callico printer

; my partner's name is 
               
                  John
                   Ashby
               



            ; I lost a quantity of callico from my bleaching grounds; on the 2d of June, at five in the morning, I went down the field as I generally do, and ordered up those goods that I wanted up first; I missed one of the pieces, in consequence of missing it, I enquired of my people; three weeks after I lost three pieces more, and I applied to the public office; on losing the three pieces, I advertised the prisoner on this occasion; two or three days after I missed the first piece, I had occasion to take some of my women to go to the hay fields, and in consequence of some conversation I had some suspicion of the prisoner; I advertised him; then I went to Bow-street, and about a month ago, I saw the prisoner at Bow-street; the prisoner desired to speak to me, and 
he related to me how he took this piece away.
Did you threaten him or promise him? - By no means whatever, he sent for me voluntarily himself; he began relating the story where my piece was; he was very sorry, and that he would tell me of the others; he then told me, he had sold it to Mrs. Daly, a woman with one eye; I went to Mr. Bond the magistrate, and he said, if it would be of any service letting the prisoner go with us, as he had informed us it was somewhere in Rag-fair; we found it in the Minories.
Was there any of your property found in consequence of any information you had received? - There was no goods found in the house, but there was a gown found that was pledged.
Was that gown any part of the callico that was lost? - I am sure of that, for this reason, I can shew you the original pattern, whereby I distinguish it. (Produces the gown.) This piece and this piece only taken away, is the only piece in the world, I will venture to say, that is to be found in this state.
You will venture to say there is no piece of that pattern? - No, I will venture to say so; this gown is a part of the property I lost, I know that; the reason why I know it to be mine is this, this piece is without either green or blue in it, the original pattern is what we call chintz, which has both green and blue in it, and if that had been left with me then it would have had both green and blue in it; I first saw this gown at Bow-street; I saw it afterwards, only within this month.
Court. Was the confession reduced into writing? - Yes, it was, but he would not sign it himself, but Mr. Bond said, he would sign it, and send it here himself.


                  JACOB
                   FREEMAN
               



             sworn.
I belong to the public office; I went down to Bow-street; I heard the prisoner was there; I found him there; I saw Mr. Philpot there; he said, he should be glad to speak to him; that was before he was examined by the Magistrate concerning this gown; I told the prosecutor; the prosecutor went to him; I was present; he said, I think it my duty to tell you all of your piece; the prisoner said, as I am a dead man if I should be cast for this, all I want of you is to save my life; says the prosecutor, I cannot say any thing to that; says he, if it turns out if you do tell me any thing that will save your life, I will; I went to the pawnbroker's and found this gown; I shewed it to the prosecutor; I went to search for the receiver, but could not find her.
Court. Before Mr. Philpot told him he would be of any service to him that he could in the other matter, what had Venner said; - He made use of an expression that he was very sorry he had robbed him; that was before Mr. Philpot had said, he would be of service to him, he said, Sir, I can inform you where your pieces are, you have lost out of your ground; that was before Mr. Philpot promised him.


                  JAMES
                   CHARINEAUX
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Manby; this gown was pledged with us on the 22d of July by 
               
                  Mary
                   Daly
               



            ; she is in custody as a receiver.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was taken up to Bow-street office, and I sent to Mr. Philpot to speak to him; he put the question to me and said, that he thought I did rob his ground, and he said, if I would tell him, he would be a friend to me, after that I told him; he came down to the gaol, got my irons knocked off, and took me to East Smithfield; he brought me back to the office in Bow-street, and they all made a collection; Mr. Philpot gave me a guinea, and promised that he would not prosecute me, and that he would withdraw his indictment.
GUILTY, Death.




               Prosecutor. The trial is now all over in respect to this, and consequently it will not effect him; some time after I made him a promise of this, and I should be very happy if you would recommend him to mercy, for I should be very sorry to take away the life of a poor man.
            

Jury. The gentlemen wish to recommend him to mercy.
Court. Upon the recommendation of Jury, I shall certainly excercise that power which the act of parliament rests in me of respiting the prisoner, and change the sentence of death to 


               transportation for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
