






852. 
               
                  
                     PHILLIP 
                     FARRELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of July
 last, one cambrick handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
Major
 
                  Taylor
               



            .
MAJOR TAYLOR sworn.
I came from Temple-bar, and just by Chancery-lane


 there was a croud, I stopped to see what was the matter, and found a man intoxicated with liquor; I desired the watchman to take care of him, and while I was talking, I had the right-hand of my coat unbuttoned, and my handkerchief taken out; I went home, and then went towards Temple-bar from home again, determined to take any pick-pocket I saw, and there I found a person at my left-hand pocket, unbuttoning it, it was the prisoner, he was in a blue jacket; says I, you are attempting to pick my pocket; no, blast you, says he, I am not; I directly said, you shall go to the watch-house; he went on about ten yards, he did not come directly; I told him I would knock him, down if he made the least resistance: at the watch-house I said I did not charge him with picking my pocket, but on searching him there was found a large clasp knife, and a large handkerchief I had taken from him in the street, that was all that was taken from him; I said that I wished to have his breeches searched, when his breeches was loosed, to my great surprise, the constable took out a handkerchief that was my property.
(The handkerchief given by the Constable and deposed to by the Prosecutor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never saw the gentleman in my life; I picked up the handkerchief coming through Temple-bar, I did not know but the gentleman might be ill natured enough to swear against me, therefore I put it into my breeches, which I did at the house, and I believe the gentleman saw me; I think it is a very unlikely thing, that if I had picked his pocket ten minutes before, that I should pick it again.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
