





536. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SLACK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 5th of May
, four yards and a half of cloth, value 5 s. one piece of printed dimity, value 2 s. one other ditto, value 2 s. two ditto, value 5 s. two pieces of tissue, value 10 s. and divers other things
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Lloyd
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lloyd
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   LLOYD
               



             sworn.
I am a clothes seller

; I live No. 108, Lower Thames-street


; my partner's name is 
               
                  Samuel
                   Lloyd
               



            ; on the 5th of May last, between one and two, the prisoner who has been our cutter
 these six years, was going home to dinner, and was observed to have something under his coat, and he was stopped, and I was sent for; I only prove the property.


                  SAMUEL
                   ALEXANDER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Messrs. Lloyd; on Saturday, the 5th of May, the men were going to dinner about one, I was on the stairs; I saw the prisoner coming down stairs about seven minutes after the others were gone; I had some suspicion that things were not right with him by his staying after the rest of the men, and I said to him, Mr. Slack, what are you behind all the rest? says he not much, and he turned about, and I perceived something swell out under his left breast, under his great coat, which was buttoned; I told my shopmate 
               
                  Thomas
                   Tapsell
               



            , and we followed him, and stopped him in Red-cross-street, in the Borough; I asked him what he had got under his coat; he said what is that to you? it is nothing of your's; I insisted upon seeing, but he would not let me, and Tapsell came up, and we unbuttoned his coat, and took out of his bosom, a remnant of Irish, and the other part out of his pocket; nothing more was found on him; we brought the prisoner and the Irish to my master's; the constable has had the Irish ever since.
Mr. Garrow Prisoner's Counsel. How long have you been a shopmate with the prisoner? - Five or six years.
He has six children? - I have heard so I never saw one of them in my life.
He was a cutter out? - He was.
What was you? - At the time this happened I was what they call finisher, and am so now.
You did not expect any promotion? - No.
You and Tapsell go to meeting together? - Meeting of what or who?

Why you religious worships; you are both Calvinists, are not you? - Yes.
So is your master? - Yes, there is no harm in that.
The prisoner is not of the same persuasion? - That made no difference.


                  THOMAS
                   TAPSELL
               



             sworn.
Deposed to the same effect.


                  EDMUND
                   BELL
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner into custody, and the linen was given to me; I have had it ever since.
(Produced and deposed to.)
Prosecutor 
               
                  William
                   Lloyd
               



            . On the 5th of May, I received these pieces from my servants; they were laying on the counter when I came down from dinner; the remainder of this piece was found in the prisoner's room, and there I found the greater part of the rest of the articles concealed in a bandbox, and in different parts of the house.
(Produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I bought the things.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who all gave him a very good character; one of whom said his wife was in court with six small children, and big with the seventh, and that he had employed Mr. Garrow as counsel at his own expence, from his good opinion of the prisoner.
GUILTY.




               Recommended by the Jury and Prosecutor
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
