





735. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOLMES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of June
 last, one linen handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Woodcock
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   WOODCOCK
               



             sworn.
On the 16th of June, about half past twelve in the middle of the day, in the Poultry


, I lost a cambrick handkerchief; who took it I do not know: I was informed the prisoner had picked my pocket, and he was taken in the Poultry, and there we found the handkerchief, I knew it to be mine by the mark, which is T. W.
BENJAMIN DIXON sworn.
I am a ticket-porter; on the 16th of June, about half past eleven, I saw the prisoner with another in company with him, both their hands were together near the gentleman's pocket, they were close behind; I saw one of them take it out of the gentleman's pocket, but which it was I cannot say, I think it was out of this gentleman's pocket; I immediately saw the prisoner take the handkerchief in his left hand, he clapped it in the side of his waistcoat, in his bosom, and he went off, I followed him and laid hold of him, and pinned his hands down, so that he could not very well get it, but he some how or other dropped it between his legs.


                  JAMES
                   STUBBS
               



             sworn.
I am a hair dresser, I was coming by the Poultry, and saw the prisoner with the handkerchief in his bosom, it was a white one, the mark was T. W. I saw him drop it, and I took it up and gave it to the constable.
(The handkerchief produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was walking across the way, and the other lad dropped it, and this good man took me and said I had it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
