





252. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KENNEDY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of January
, one wooden door, value 1 s. one iron lock, value 1 s. a bolt, value 1 d. and one latch, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Dawson
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I am a cordwainer
; I live at No. 4, Bowling-alley, White-cross-street; I rent a house, and pay rent for it; I lost the street door, which was fixed, and the lock, bolt, and latch fixed to it.


                  SARAH
                   MAN
               



             sworn.
I live in the house.
Then all the fastenings were fixed to the door, were they not? - The door was fixed on iron hinges, and lifted off; this house is No. 2, Bowling-alley


; Mr. Dawson is my landlord; and the house is his.
When did you first miss it? - About eight o'clock it was taken off the hinges.
After it was missing did you ever see it? - Yes, I went down to the constable, and there I saw it; it was found on the prisoner's premises.
Did you know the door again? - Yes, I knew it by the No. 2 upon it; it was carried back and hung upon the hinges, and it fitted exactly; it was standing on the prisoner's premises, under a shed.
(The door produced.)
Mrs. GOODWIN sworn.
I live at No. 46, White-cross street; I live in the house where the prisoner rents a shed; I am a window, and rent the whole house; I keep a chandler's shop; the prisoner cuts wood into bundles to sell; he has lived there five months, and pays nine pence a week.
Had he the shed of you for the last five months before he was taken up? - He had.


                  JOHN
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am constable; on the 25th of last month, Mrs. Mann came to me and said, she had lost the door of her house; I went to Kennedy's shed, and found the door behind the door of the prisoner's shed; I took the door to the watch-house; I went to the Fountain, and there I met him coming out of the door with his tools, choppers, saws, &c. that he cuts the wood with; and making a great noise; and I told him, I would take him to the watch-house for making a noise, and from thence to the Compter.
(Edward Dawson deposed to the door.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The door was never in my shed; Mr. Dawson told me I should fetch forty; and he would have the reward some how or other.
Dawson. I never said any such thing, upon my oath.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
