





514. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SAVORY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th day of June
 last, eighty-four pounds weight of lead, value 10 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Barker
                        




                     
                  , and then and there affixed to his dwelling house, against the form of the statute
            .


                  GEORGE
                   SNUSHER
               



             sworn.
I collect rents where this lead was taken from, the house belonged to 
               
                  William
                   Barker
               



            , I have known the prisoner this twelve months about Shoreditch, I know nothing of his going to the house, I only know the lead was there on Whit-Monday, and was not there on Whit-Tuesday.


                  SARAH
                   LEVY
               



             sworn.
I live at the back part of the house belonging to Mr. Barker; on the 10th of June, between three and four in the morning I heard a great noise and got out of bed, and I saw the prisoner standing in the entry, about three or four yards from my door, I happened to know him by his living near me, he went down the stairs of his own door, and then he got on the window and took the lead.
Court. What quantity? - Three pieces rolled up, he took them at three different times.


                  ELIZABETH
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn.
I live in the same house with the last witness, she saw him first, she came to me and told me, and I saw him come twice and take the lead, and carry it into his own room, I heard him come the third time.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never was in the place in my life, I am innocent as a child.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
