






383. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SNALEHAM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Jackson
                        




                     
                  , Doctor in Divinity
, about the hour of eight in the night, on the 27th of March
 last, and burglariously stealing therein fourteen linen shirts, value 7 l. six linen stocks, value 12 s. three muslin neckcloths, value 12 s. fifteen linen handkerchiefs, value 20 s. one cotton night-cap, value 12 d. two other cotton night-caps, value 4 s. eight pair of stockings, value 20 s. one thread stocking, value 12 d. four leather gloves, value 2 s. and one pair of worsted garters, value 2 d. the property of the said Thomas
            .

Rev.


                  THOMAS
                   JACKSON
               



            , D. D. sworn.
I live in Somerset-street, Portman-square


; on Saturday the 27th of March I dined out at Grosvenor-square, I returned home about ten in the evening, and I asked my servant, which I generally do the first question, whether all my children were well; he replied the children were all well, but there had been rogues in the house.


                  MICHAEL
                   HARRIS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Doctor Jackson, on the 27th of March near eight in the evening, my fellow servant was going up stairs, and she thought she heard somebody pull the door gently after them, she called me up and we went to the door, and found the street-door open, I had put the chain up about a quarter after seven; two lads and a boy were in the house.
Were they all at home at the time you found the door open? - Yes, I went directly into my master's room the back parlour, and there were three of the drawers of the bureau drawn out, and the linen taken out.
What things were usually kept there? - Shirts, stockings, handkerchiefs, and so on, we could not find which way they got in, I went into the fore parlour, and the sash was down, and I saw a little print of dirt close by the fore parlour window.
Have you any reason now to know how they got in? - No other than that the sash was not fastened, I suppose they got in that way, and took the chain down and let themselves out. The things were found, and are in Court.


                  JAMES
                   RANDALL
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter and joiner by trade, I stopped this man with a sack about nine, or a quarter after, on the 27th of March, I first met him in Henrietta-street, I was coming down Oxford-road about nine o'clock, and I met him with this sack, and this man that is by, Clifford, says here is a man that has a sack, and I think it is stolen things; says he, go along with me, and I went with him, and we dogged him into Oxford-road, and he pitched it down near the Golden Horse, at an apothecary's shop upon the pavement, upon the curbstone, we passed him and went to the corner of Berner-street; some time after he took up the bundle again, and crossed over the corner of Bond-street, and pitched it on the pump, I crossed over and asked him if it was his property, says he, Mr. Randall are you going to stop me? Yes, says I, if it is not your property I will; he run away immediately, and he was secured.
Did you know him? - Not then, not till the next morning, then I knew him, he called me by my name.
Was he the same man you saw first with the sack? - O it is the same person, I am very particular in it.


                  CHARLES
                   CLIFFORD
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker, I was going home with my goods, I first saw the prisoner in Gray-street with a bundle, he asked me to lift it upon his back, he was standing there with the sack on the ground, as I was lifting it up he said it was a few shavings and rags; I had a suspicion it was stolen linen by the weight of it, I went to the corner of Henrietta-street, and I happened to meet with Randall, and desired him to follow him with me, and we followed him him into Bond-street, and there he let it down, and he took it up again, and carried it to the pump.


                  ROBERT
                   HUTCHENSON
               



             sworn.
I stopped the prisoner, I was coming along and I heard the cry of stop thief, I met him right in the face, and took him.
Was he running? - He run very fast, I saw him run but a very little way.
(The things deposed to.)
Court to Prisoner. What do you say for yourself, how came you by all these things?
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
About half past eight I came from the pay-table, then I went to my mother's, for if I have any thing to spare I give it to her, she was not at home, she chared at Lady Byron's in Somerset-street; there was a man stood against the wine vaults with this bundle, he asked me to give him a hand with it to Bond-street, and he would pay me any thing I required, I immediately took it on my back, and when I came to the corner of Bond-street I put it down as the man told me, then came up Mr. Randall, and he said, what have you got here, chips or shavings? I said, be it which it will, it does not belong to you. I have no friends here at present, I did not think my trial would have come on so soon.
Court. Gentlemen of the Jury, As to breaking there is a difficulty which is not explained to your satisfaction or mine; nobody knows how they got into the house, there are no marks of violence any where; there is a small circumstance that goes to make it more probable that it should be at the parlour window, but that I rather think falls short of satisfactory proof that they did get in that way; they might have got in by some way which excludes the idea of force used to obtain admission; as for instance, if a garret window was open, and they got in by the leads, or if they got in at any other open window by a ladder: it therefore seems to me upon the whole evidence, if you should be satisfied that the prisoner was concerned in this robbery, the safest and properest verdict for you to give will be, that he is guilty of stealing the things, but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house.




               GUILTY Of stealing the goods, but NOT GUILTY of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron EYRE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


