





557. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     STEEL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th day of June
 last, one silver watch, value 30 s. a steel chain, value 6 d. a seal, value 2 d. a key value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hale
               




            .


                  RICHARD
                   HALE
               



             sworn.
I am a baker
 in Upper Thames-street


; on Saturday, the 9th of June last, I lost my watch; I was out when the watch was lost; I came home about half past one; I last saw it about eleven, in the bake-house; I found it afterwards at a pawnbroker's, the corner of King's-street, Drury-lane; about four or five on the same day; I knew it to be mine; I enquired where the pawnbroker lived, and was informed he lived in St. Giles's; I went there, and saw my watch lay behind the counter; I used to employ the prisoner to carry out bread.


                  HENRY
                   ANSELL
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Goodwin, a pawnbroker; on Saturday, the 9th of June, I received a silver watch of the prisoner, and a woman 
               
                  Martha
                   Godfrey
               



            ; the prisoner pulled the watch out of his pocket as soon as he came into the shop, and laid it upon the counter; the woman took it up, and gave it to me.
Did you ever see the prisoner before? - No, but I know the woman; it was about three o'clock on the same day I lent a guinea and a half upon it.
Who took the money? - The prisoner took one part, and the woman the other.
Who did you give the money to? - I laid it on the counter, and they took it up.
(The watch produced by Ansell, and deposed to by Mr. Hale.)
How do you know it to be your watch? - Here is my name upon it.
(Handed to the Court and Jury.)
What number is upon it? - No. 128.


                  GEORGE
                   MEECHAM
               



             sworn.
I belong to Justice Wilmot's office; I apprehended the prisoner and a woman; the duplicate was found on the woman.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming up Holborn, betweentwelve and one, and I found the watch on the stones.
Court to Mr. Hale. Had you been in Holborn that day? - I had been in Holborn that day from Gray's-inn-lane, down Hatton-garden, across Holborn, into Shoe-lane; I was not in any other part of Holborn that day.
How long have you known the prisoner? - About four months; I always leave my watch in the bake-house, hanging on a nail by the door; the prisoner was very often in the bake-house; I often employed him when he was out of work.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
