





50. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WOODWARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of December
 last, a canvas wrapper, value 1 s. five pieces of printed callico, value 20 l. four pieces of ditto, value 25 s. eighty silk and cotton handkerchiefs, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Russell
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Russell
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Russell
                  



               
            .


                  TITUS
                   BANCROFT
               



             sworn.
I live at the Bell, Friday-street; I am warehouse-keeper to Mess. Russell, carrier


s; the property was delivered to me by Mr. Potter's porter, of Milk-street, (I have the bills of parcels in my pocket) it was last Saturday evening, about seven o'clock; a little while afterwards it was missing; I saw them put down in the yard, by the porter; I missed them in about ten minutes; I saw a man going with a truss on his shoulders; I immediately called out to know what truss that was going out, and receiving no answer, I called out stop thief; I only saw his back; he was pursued, he dropped the truss in the gateway: the size of the man appeared the same I saw; I stopped to pick up the truss, others ran after him; he was brought back in a very few minutes: the truss is in Court, I saw him drop it, I can swear to it; the truss is directed to 
               
                  James
                   Tucker
               



            , of Honiton.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. Atthe time the truss was delivered to you, you knew nothing of the bills of parcels? - No.
Was there any direction upon it? - Yes.
How are the Russells answerable for these goods? - As being in their possession.
Do you consider a parcel before it is booked as your master's property, when delivered to you without being booked? - Yes.
Court. Had you examined the direction before it was taken away? - Yes.


                  THOMAS
                   SIMS
               



             sworn.
I am a hair dresser; last Saturday night between seven and eight, I was going out of my master's door, No. 52, Friday-street; I heard the cry of stop thief from the Bell Inn; I crossed over the way and saw a man with a truss in the gateway on his shoulder, it was the prisoner; I saw his face, he threw it down in the gateway, he was coming down when I first saw him; he ran out of the gateway and up Friday-street, to the end of Angel-court, he made a stop there, and walked down the street as far as Watling-street; I saw an acquaintance of mine, and told him that was the man that had stole the truss; and he pursued, and I ran after him; I never lost sight of him till he was taken, and he was taken back to the house, and Bancroft said he could not swear to the man, he only saw his back, Mr. Bancroft took the truss.
Mr. Knapp. What time was this? - Between seven and eight.
Was it dark? - Yes; there is a lamp in the gateway.
Had you ever seen him before? - Yes, about an hour before.
Did you run after him? - Yes, as far as Angel-court.
So when he walked, you walked? - Yes.
Were you the first after him? - I believe I was.
Will you swear it? - I don't know, I kept my eye on him all the while.
Did you see his face after he came out of the gateway? - Yes, I did.
When he had stopped and turned round, you said that was the man, and not before? No, I did not.


                  JOHN
                   SWAINE
               



             sworn.
I am a linen draper's servant, on Saturday evening, coming out of the Bell Inn: coming out of the gateway, I heard the cry of stop thief; I turned round and I saw a man under the gateway, throw down a truss; I do not know the man, he immediately ran up the street towards Cheapside; I pursued him, he ran into a Court (I never lost sight of him) and turned about and walked down the street; he crossed the street after he got by the Bell, and when he got to the corner of Watling-street, a person laid hold of him; he and some more that came up, took him to the Bell; I don't know the name of the court he ran into; it is on the same side of the way as the Bell is.


                  JOHN
                   BOLTRIGHT
               



             sworn.
On Saturday night last, I heard the cry of stop thief, and I saw Thomas Hinder following two men, and he shewed me this man, the prisoner made no resistance.
Court to Bancroft. Is the direction on the things? - Yes.
Mr. Knapp. How long had you received it? - About ten minutes; I told the porter to put it under the warehouse window.
Court. First on this parcel there was a direction to Honiton, and you saw it? - Yes.
What sort of truss or parcel was it, on which this direction was? - It was this very truss, the very shape and size, and the truss has never been out of my possession; I was not above two or three yards from it, when it was put under the window, I observed Tucker of Honiton.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
