





565. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DORRINGTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th day of May
, one cotton gown, value 10 s. one pair of men's velveret breeches, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Creswell
                  




               
            .
Mrs. CRESWELL sworn.
My husband went out about five o'clock in the morning to work, and put the key underneath the door, and the prisoner got the key and opened the door, I was in bed, his back was towards me, but I am positive to him, because he was not out of the house before he was taken; I saw him going out of the room with the breeches and gown; I did not see him take the gown, but I saw him take the breeches, and he was stopped by my landlady on the stairs; I cried out stop thief as soon as he was gone, it was about half an hour past eight in the morning.


                  MARTHA
                   DUWALL
               



             sworn.
I am the landlady, my husband was just come home to breakfast, and I ran out and met the prisoner upon the lower pair of stairs, about three steps from the passage, he went by me, I laid hold of his arm, as I knew the gown which was under his left arm, and the breeches, and my husband came to my assistance, and we took him and another gentleman handed him away to the watch-house.
(The gown and breeches deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I came from on board a brigg, and I went into this house, and they took me for the same person, I never had any thing in my hand.
Prosecutrix. I am sure that is the man.
Mrs. Duwall. This is the man; I asked him what was the matter; he said the woman is screaming after her gown, and he said here it is.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILLES.
