





700. 
               
                  
                     NICHOLAS 
                     DEADROSS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d day of July
 last, forty pounds weight of lead, value 5 s. and five iron stove bars, value 2 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Gedeliah 
                           Gatfield
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a certain building of his called a hot-house
            .


                  JOHN
                   FRAZIER
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of July, I left the prosecutor's premises between seven and eight in the evening; I am a gardener; he lives at Epping


; on Sunday morning, between five and six, I found a piece of lead belonging to a hot-house was torn away, and there is a waste pipe to convey the water into the well, I saw that was gone; I went round to the back part of the hot-house, and there was a little shed, which I keep things in for the use of the hot-house fire, and there were five or six of the iron bars taken away, and a hand-saw that hung up in the green house; the lead and the hand-saw were found, and are in Court now.


                  WILLIAM
                   BATT
               



             sworn.
I compared the lead, all the nail holes answered, there is not the least doubt.


                  PETER
                   BONDSEY
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; on the 24th of July, in the morning, I saw the prisoner and two more men near Bethnal-green, then we came up to them and insisted upon knowing what they had; he had something in his apron on his head; he chucked it down; I took it to the watch-house.
Prisoner. I work for a gentleman upon Epping-forest, and I found the lead going to market.
Bondsey. I saw the other man fling the saw away.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
