





334. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th day of January
 last, 113 lb. weight of lead, belonging to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Langley
                        




                     
                  , and affixed to his dwelling house, against the statute
            .


                  JOHN
                   LANGLEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Gower's walk, Whitechapel


; I keep a house there, on the 28th of January last my property was safe, I was with the bricklayers, it was half past five, and day light; on Monday morning about a quarter past seven, I saw the tiles lay upon the parapet on the first house, and I found the whole length of the gutter was gone; I found the lead afterwards at the watch-house, which was mine.


                  JOHN
                   ASTON
               



             sworn.
I am a plumber, I put on this lead for the prosecutor, this piece I marked, 4014, I can swear to it.


                  WILLIAM
                   COBB
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol, in Whitechapel; on Saturday morning the 29th of January, about half past five, I saw the prisoner wheeling a barrow with lead, in Castle-alley, just about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's; I asked him what he had got there, he said, lead; there was a little boy with him, with a pig of lead in his apron, I put it into the barrow, he said, he worked for Mr. Base, a bricklayer, in Vine-street, Spital-fields; he said, the boy was an hod boy, I told him he must carry the lead to the watch-house, he made no resistance, he said, his master would be that way in half an hour; but just as we were going into the watch-house, the prisoner and the boy run away, the prisoner was pursued and brought to the watch-house: at the watch-house, he said, he was a velvet weaver, and the boy with him, gave him a shilling to wheel the lead for him; the beadle desired to see the shilling, and he pulled out one from his pocket.


                  Thomas
                   Simpson
               



             a watchman, and 
               
                  James
                   Matthews
               



             a beadle, confirmed the above.
The prisoner called three witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
