






486. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     MASON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BIGGS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 2d of April
, six yards of silk for handkerchiefs, value 20 s. twenty-three cotton handkerchiefs, value 20 s. part and parcel of the goods and chattles, feloniously stolen by Valentine Frier, who was tried last sessions
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   WEAVER
               



             sworn.
On Friday the 17th of April, about six o'clock in the evening, I went to the Magpye on Clerkenwell Green, on information, I went and saw the woman at the bar offering some handkerchiefs for sale, I asked her if she sold them, she said yes; I asked her whose property they were, she said a sailor's, gone to the East-Indies, then she said the sailor was at Dover; I then told her she should go to the magistrate; she then said, go and take my husband, in George-alley, Field-lane; there I saw the prisoner 
               
                  David
                   Mason
               



            , he immediately acknowledged that he sent her out to sell the handkerchiefs, and that he had them of a person, of the name of Frier, who was a carpenter, and worked at the Manchester warehouse, and told me he would go and shew me the person, and I secured that person who was tried last sessions and convicted; I produce the parcel of handkerchiefs which I took on the woman, they are new handkerchiefs; Poly-cats, and silk and other handkerchiefs; the last morning I went to Mason's lodgings again, for from the information I had gathered, I supposed I should find something more; in consequence of the information, I went to the daughter, who at first denied anything of the kind had happened, but when in custody she acknowledged having taken away some handkerchiefs; the prisoners have cohabited together a great many years as I understand, but are not married; Mason was brought to the office about nine o'clock at night, and I searched him, he acknowledged before the magistrate that his wife had the day before sold twenty-eight shillings-worth; I cannot tell whether it was taken down in writing, I found upon him that money, I then asked him whether he had any more money about him at all; he said no; that same day I had likewise received a private information, that he had sold five pounds or five guineas-worth the day before; I then searched him more minutely, and at the bottom of his pocket I found the money that corresponds with this information, I found in the whole 7 l. 8 s. 6 d. upon him; the justice said I must let him have some money, and he had twenty-four shillings.


                  CHARLES
                   FIELDING
               



             sworn.
I am in partnership with 
               
                  James
                   Underwood
               



            , we keep a Manchester warehouse, in Bull-court, Queen-street; we lost a great many articles during the time Frierworked with us, but there are none that we can swear to.
(The Record of the conviction of Frier read and examined.)


                  JONATHAN
                   REDGRAVE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, Mr. Weaver came and informed me he had stopped this woman with handkerchiefs; I went with him; and then she informed us she received them from the man prisoner; there were some things there, accordingly Mason informed us who was the principal man that robbed the gentleman; he told us it was Frier, we took him into custody, and he was afterwards convicted, the property was part found in Mason's house.
Court. Did Mason say that Frier had robbed the gentleman? - He said he received them from him, and he would assist us to apprehend him.


                  ELIZABETH
                   BURNISH
               



             sworn.
I am a daughter of the prisoner's, I was down at my father's house when the officers came, as I was going out I met my father's landlord and one of the lodgers, and they said if the goods were not honestly come by that he would get into trouble; and I took them out of the room into my own room, that was not done by the order of my father or my mother; I afterwards delivered that bundle to the officer, I cannot tell of what it consisted.
PRISONER MASON's DEFENCE.
I work for Mr. Hall the carpenter; I wish to have the money they tookout of my pocket, this Frier worked for Hall the carpenter about three weeks, and he had these handkerchiefs to sell, and he said he would sell them at fifteen shillings a dozen, the pocket handkerchiefs, and silk ones at half a crown a piece.
Court. Did you buy them from Frier; - No, I was to sell them for him, and he was to allow me a shilling a dozen for selling them.
Did Frier give you any account how he came by them? - No, he said he had them at a raffle, there was nothing but handkerchiefs left with me.
Court to Mr. Fielding. What are they worth a piece? - The cotton handkerchiefs are worth eighteen shillings a dozen, and the silk ones about four shillings and sixpence a piece.
The prisoners called six witnesses who all gave them a good character.


                  DAVID
                   MASON
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
ELIZABETH BIGGS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
