





602. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     READ
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               returning from transportation, and being found at large, on the 1st of September
, without any lawful cause
            .
(The Record read as before.)


                  JOHN
                   OWEN
               



             sworn.
Look at the prisoner at the bar, do you recollect him? - I do.

Do you recollect his being here in February sessions last? - He was convicted in February sessions last.
You are sure it is the same person? - Yes.


                  THOMAS
                   HARVEY
               



             sworn.
I live at Hawkurst, I recollect seeing the prisoner there, I apprehended him at Hawkurst.
Did he make any resistance? - No.
Surrendered himself peaceably and quietly? - Yes.


                  THOMAS
                   BRADBURY
               



             sworn.
Was he one of the men that was dilivered on board your vessel to be transported? - He was, my Lord.
Do you recollect him being among them, when they made the north? - I recollect seeing him among them, but I do not recollect any particular force or violence that he offered.
You do not? - No, Sir, I do not.
You do not consider him as one of the ring leaders? - No, I do not.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I would wish to observe to the Court, that it was not my intent to come on board the boat, but being forced by the person that had the command of the vessel, as I had been at sea before, he insisted on me to take the command, the Captain immediately laid himself under my charge, and he said, he wished to be considered as a gentleman; I remained with the Captain.
Court to Bradbury. Do you recollect this? - I do not, my Lord, I know the man that had the command of the vessel, one Donkin, he is now on board.
I think you have said, that you did not consider any of them as compelled to go? - I said before, and I say now, that I do not think that one of them was compelled to go.



               GUILTY
            , 


               Death
            .








[Pardon on condition of Transportation. See summary.]



