





270. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HORTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d day of January
 last, one linen shirt, value 1 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 1 s. one pair of thread ditto, value 6 d. one pair of cotton ditto, value 6 d. two pair of woollen drawers, value 1 s. three caps, value 1 s. one muslin ruffle, value 1 s. one stock, value 6 d. one box, value 18 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Pugh
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   PUGH
               



             sworn.
I lodge in Cloth-fair


, there was a fire at the house, on the 23d of January, at three in the morning; the fire burned the top of the house, I believe two floors before the alarm, my box was in the apartments, the prisoner was very troublesome, I could not get him out of the house, he desired to help me, I desired him to walk out, I never saw him before, he came into my apartments with the rest of the mob, I know him particularly, because he was very troublesome, he would insist upon moving some of my things away, and I would not let him; I told him I wanted none of him, nor did I know him, I did not not let him move any thing; the prisoner took a box, after the hurry was over, I missed my box, and I found a few things that he could not take; I found the prisoner and apprehended him, and in his room I found two pair of flannel drawers, and two pair of stockings, and a stock and some other things were found, some were in a drawer, and some among some rubbish, he had the shirt on, and a pair of stockings, they were my property, I take in washing, and they were in my care; the constable has the things.


                  MARY
                   MORSE
               



             sworn.
I live in the house, I met a short man with a box at the door, at the time of the fire; I am sure the prisoner is the man.


                  HENRY
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
(Produced the things that were found in the Prisoner's apartment, which were deposed to.)
Prisoner. I bought two shirts and three pair of stockings, and a neckcloth, and some things like handkerchiefs, of a man, I do not know him.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
