





83. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     JACOBS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 23d of November
 last, one metal watch, value 40 s. and one chain, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Parr
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   PARR
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of November, between three and four in the afternoon, I was coming up Ludgate-hill, near the London Coffee-house


, and I mixed with the croud to see Lord Rodney; I received a violent push, which I immediately suspected was intended to throw me off my guard, I looked down to my breeches pocket immediately, and I saw the prisoner standing by me, with his hand at my pocket, which he immediately withdrew, and I felt my watch go at the same time; upon this, the prisoner I thought attempted to get across the street, I laid hold of him about six yards off, and a person directly asked me if any body had lost a watch; I put out my hand, and received it, it was very dirty, the glass and chain broke; I am perfectly sure of what I have said, I felt the watch go very sensibly, it required a very great pull to take it.
Prisoner's counsel. There was, I believe, a very great croud? - Yes.
You was very much pressed upon by the people? - Yes.
You did not detect the prisoner in the very act? - Yes, I did.
Do you mean to say that you saw a hand before you felt any pluck from your pocket? - I do.
Can you undertake to swear whose hand it was? - I can very safely.


                  THOMAS
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
I tok the prisoner, there was nothing found on him.


                  THOMAS
                   GODFREY
               



             sworn.
I picked up a watch on Ludgate-hill, I did not know who it belonged to; as I was going along a person pulled me by the leg, and immediately I looked down and saw the watch.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to the play, and there were a great many people waiting to see Lord Rodney, he came in two or three minutes, and they laid hold of me; there was a great croud; they searched me, and found nothing on me.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
