





655. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SPENCER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of August
 last, one silver watch, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Mollett
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  PETER
                   MOLLETT
               



             sworn.
On the 12th of August last, I lost a watch about three in the morning, I was coming home very fast from Islington, I was sober, and the prisoner ran after me in Fleet-street near Temple Bar


, and caught hold of me by the arm, and asked me where I was going; I said home, she said I live just by, and she pulled me up a court, and when I came about half way up I stopped, and said, I would not go any farther; she said, then here is a house just open we will go in; I said, you may go if you like, but I will not; after she saw I would not go, she knocked and some body opened the door, I went away to come into the street; she ran after me again before I got into the open street; she came quite close to me, and put her hand half way down my breeches pocket, I took her hand off, and then felt my chain of my watch; she got very close to me again, and put her hand again, I took her hand off, and at the same time I felt my watch slip from my pocket; I said to her, my dear you have got my watch, please to return it me; she denied having it, and made a noise, and called me some bad names.
Court. Did you ever get your watch again? - No.
Are you sure the prisoner is the person? - Yes, I charged the watch with her, and never let her go.
Jury. Was the woman searched at the time? - Yes, I believe she was.
The written Defence of the Prisoner read.
My Lord,
Your Lordship's humanity being well known to persons under unhappy circumstances like mine, tried at this awful bar for life, and impoverished through a confinement of upwards of a month, loaded with grief and anxiety of mind, and destitute of friends to procure me the assistance of Council; emboldens me to rely on you, not only as a Judge, but an Advocate for unhappy prisoners; and as I never before was at a criminal bar, and being unfortunate, and not capable of either reading or writing, without disguise, I trouble you with my case.
An unfortunate woman, to my shame, I must confess myself; the prosecutor I certainly picked up in the street, he was exceedingly in liquor, and no other woman was in company with me; we conversed together for some time, when at last he laid hold of both my hands, and said, I had robbed him of his watch; I told him, I had not, he never quitted me, I was charged with the watch and taken to the watch-house, which I was instantly, and by three men indecently examined, and searched; stript naked; but no watch was found on me.
This, my Lord, is the true case, for I know nothing of the watch, nor had it; my defence I most humbly submit to your Lordship and to the judgment of the Jury, before whom I now stand, and if the evidence of the prosecution is so sufficiently strong as to pronounce me guilty; overwhelmed as I am at present, and much more so, if that awful sentence is given, having an aged father whose grief is unsupportable, I humbly pray that your Lordship will look on me as an object of mercy, and that I may live in future in the paths of piety.
Court to Jury. Whenever the party robbed is privy to the robbery, and either sees or feels the thing taken from him, it ceases in respect to that party to be a private taking; therefore you will acquit her of taking privately.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
