





398. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     BONNER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of March
 last, one black silk cloak, value 21 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Gillham
                  




               
            .
ANN GILLHAM sworn.
I live in Earl-street, Seven-dials


; my husband's name is James Gillham; on the 29th of March, I lost a black silk cloak, between seven and eight in the morning; I put it in my box the 28th, which was in one Mrs. Pree's room; I had been moving some things, and I asked her to let me put the box there as they stood in the way; Mrs. Pree lodged in my house; when I missed it, I enquired for it; Mrs. Pree suspected a person, and she was fetched to the house; I asked her whether she had it, and she denied it; I had her taken up on suspicion, and after the Justice had committed her, she owned it; I told her if she had it, to own it, and if she did not, she should suffer the law.
Was the cloak found? - Yes, at one 
               
                  William
                   Carter
               



            's, a pawnbroker's; I was at Carter's when the cloak was found.


                  WILLIAM
                   CARTER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawn-broker; I produce the cloak; it was pawned by the prisoner, on the 28th of March, between five and six in the afternoon, as near as I can remember.
Did you know her before? - Yes, I am sure it was her that pledged it; she lived in Short's-gardens; it is the same that she pledged.
(Deposed to by a seam in the back.)
I am sure it is mine.



                  MARY
                   ANN PREE
               



             sworn.
I lodge at Mrs. Gillham's; I know the prisoner; on the 28th of March, she was at my room, and came to see me in the morning; in the afternoon she came to see me twice; in that day Mrs. Gillam left a box in my room with some things in it; that was before the prisoner came; I went out and left her in my own room, about four in the afternoon; I might stay about ten minutes.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was with this person, 
               
                  Mary
                   Ann Pree
               



            , otherwise Mary 
               
                  Ann
                   Field
               



            , otherwise Mary 
               
                  Ann
                   Teabo
               



            ; she goes by three names; she gave me the cloak to pledge; I came to Mrs. Gilham's; this Mrs. Pree, otherwise Field, otherwise Teabo, asked me for something to drink; I said I would have some beer; she chose gin; my child went to sleep; she advised me to go up stairs and lay the child on the bed; the child slept a considerable time; she asked me when the child was abed, to oblige her so far as to carry this cloak to pledge for her, being in her room; I knew nothing of it; I took it to pledge for one shilling; this was in the evening; two people came in, and sat and drank; my husband came to me, and asked me to come home; as soon as the child awoke, I went home along with him; the next morning I met Mrs. Pree, she said, the cloak was too good for her wear, and begged of me to sell it; she told me to get as much as I could; I went there and spoke to the gentlewoman herself; I said half a guinea more; she said, only seven shillings more; I took the seven shillings there, and brought it to her; she stood at the end of Monmouth-street for me; she gave me a couple of shillings; I went a little further and spent some little time; I went again and enquired for this Mrs. Field; I met her; she told me the cloak was not her own; I was terribly frightened, and begged to go home; the next thing she did, they sent a person belonging to the Justice and two women, to know if I knew any thing of the cloak; I was so frightened, I did not know what to do; when I was at the Justice's, and found my infant was going to be torn out of my arms and I sent to prison, I told Mrs. Gillham, on her promising; and afterwards I was committed to this place.
Court to Mrs. Pree. Did you desire her to pawn this cloak? - No, never in my life, upon my sacred oath.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who all gave her a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
