






185. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GRACE
                  




               
            . (a boy
 
            eleven years old) was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Barton
                        




                     
                  , at the hour of six in the night, on the 22d of December
 last, and feloniously stealing a pair of silk stockings, value 7 s. and yards of silk ribbon, value 2 s. the property of the said Samuel
            .


                  GEORGE
                   WINDSOR
               



             sworn.
I was fifteen last Christmas, I am servant to Mr. Smart in Oxford-street


, I was in the street between six and seven the 22d of December at night, and as I was passing by, I saw the prisoner put his hand through a pane of glass, and take out a pair of silk stockings, as he passed by me I laid hold of him, and I had him for five minutes before any body came, and he threw down a pair of stockings, and he was also taking out some ribbon, and he could not get it all out; then Mr. Burton came out and took hold of him; he said somebody else took them.


                  SAMUEL
                   BURTON
               



             sworn.
Court. In what state was the glass of your window before this happened? - Whole.
Can you swear that positively? - Yes, I had looked at them about half an hour before this happened and they were all whole.
Might not the whole glass be taken out and you not see it? - I generally walk about my shop and I saw the glass was whole, I came out on the alarm, and took the prisoner into my shop, the other young man had hold of him, I found nothing upon him.
Court to Prisoner. What age are you? - Eleven.


                  JOHN
                   BLINKOW
               



             sworn.
I am a baker, I was going up the road, and the other witness desired me to pick up that pair of stockings, which I did, it was two doors off, they were white silk stockings, I gave them the prosecutor.
(The stealing deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Between the hours of six and seven, as I was coming down Oxford-road I saw this pane of glass broken, and I looked into the window, and this pair of stockings lay under the window, and I picked them up, and was going to carry them in to the gentleman, and that gentleman and that boy caught hold of me.
Jury to Windsor. Did you observe this window broke before? - No, I had not passed by.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
