





512. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     HOLTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of May
 last, one inlaid mahogany knife case, value ten shillings, twelve green ivory handled knives and forks, mounted with silver, value 30 s. six desert ditto, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Adam 
                           Hobkirk
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   BROOKS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the prosecutor; on the 22d of May last, my master lost an inlaid mahogany case, with a dozen table knives and forks, and six desert knives and forks, they were green ivory handles, mounted with silver, the large forks had three prongs; they were in a front parlour, they were lost on Monday se'night.
- MARTHWAITE sworn.
About five in the evening, on Monday the 22d of last month, the prisoner brought this case to me, and wanted to pledge it with me for nineteen shillings, he said, he brought it from Mrs. Long, Tottenhem-court-road, No. 35, a lady that he drove; I gave my young man the money to go to Mrs. Long, and see that it was right; he objected to that, and wanted the knives again, I would not let him have them, then he wanted to get away; I sent for a constable, and secured him, I attended him to the Justice, there he gave pretty near the same account, and he wanted to send for her; I went myself to No. 35, and could find no such person, he was committed for further examination.
Court to Mrs. Brooks. Look at that case? - It is the same, I know it by the grain of the wood going this other way, and the shopmark is there, it was bought in Russell-street, Covent-Garden.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had it from a woman.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
