





433. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     FENTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting on the king's highway, one 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Beard
                        



                     
                  , on the 15th day of April
, and putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, one woollen quilt, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Rawlins
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BEARD
               



             sworn.
I am twelve years old the 23d day of October; I live at Islington, with Mr. Cooper the broker; on the 14th of April, I lost a quilt about nine at night; I was in Crooked-lane


, going home to Islington; I had been to fetch a quilt from the Borough from Mrs. 
               
                  Susannah
                   Rawlins
               



            ; I was to carry it to my master.
Was he to buy it? - Yes.
Was you by yourself? - No, there was another with me, 
               
                  John
                   Milward
               



            , he lives at Islington; I do not know him again; I stopped to rest, and the prisoner came up to me, and put his hand and his hat before my eyes, and he took and snatched the quilt away from me; and he gave it to another man.
Could you see who it was that snatched the quilt away from you? - I could, I saw it was him, he gave it to another man, and the othe r man ran away; I hallooed, stop thief, and the people came round and stopped the prisoner.
Are you sure the prisoner was the man that put his hand and his hat before your eyes? - Yes.
And are you sure the prisoner snatched the quilt? - Yes.
Prisoner. Ask him whether he did not put it on a pitching block? - Part of it.


                  SUSANNAH
                   RAWLINS
               



             sworn.
I delivered the quilt to this boy, the 14th of April, on Good Friday, about nine in the evening or a quarter before.
What was to be done with it? - He was to carry it to his master, his mistress sent him for it; I keep a pawnbroker's shop.
The quilt is yours at this time? - It was mine.


                  STEPHEN
                   GIMBER
               



             sworn.
On the 14th of April, which was Good Friday, a little before nine, I was in my shop; I live in Crooked-lane; and the boy screamed out most dreadfully, I opened the door, and the boy had the prisoner fast by the coat, and he never quitted him till he had him in the constable's hands; that is all I know.


                  DANIEL
                   WILDAIR
               



             sworn.
On the 14th of April, I was sent for to take charge of a man, I immediately came and found the prisoner in the possession of this boy, and a number of the neighbours; I took charge of him, and took him to the Compter; this quilt was brought back by one of the men that was in company with him, and he said, he found him two kennel, in order, I suppose, to get him liberated.
(The quilt deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I live in the Borough; I was coming to Snow-hill to buy me some leather, and as I was coming up Crooked-lane, I heard the boy make a great noise; I went up to him and asked him what was the matter, and he said I took the quilt, and they came and took me.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years.
            

Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
