






115. The said 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     YOUNG
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     POWER
                  



               
             were again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of October
 last, five hundred and sixty-five pounds weight of wood called sapen-wood, value 14 l. the property of the 
                     
East-India Company




.
A second count, laying it to be the property of persons unknown.
(The case opened by Mr. Silvester.)
The witnesses examined apart at the request of Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel.


                  ROBERT
                   WISSETT
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to some of the warehouses of the East-India Company; the East-India Company have lost a considerable quantity of sapen-wood.
Mr. Garrow. You know nothing but by the reports you had from the Company? - No, Sir.
Court. I think it is general evidence that they have lost some, though it would not be to any particular parcel.
Wisset. This is sapen-wood, a species of wood which is used in dying, and this is the first season in which it has been imported; it is a red dye.


                  ROBERT
                   BRIANT
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman at Paul's wharf


, I saw two men, but I cannot tell the day of the month, it was on a Tuesday morning, it was a full moon, it may be two months ago, it was a spring tide, it was very light, a little after two in the morning, they came and stopped some time by the stairs; I saw them come by water to the wharf, with a boat loaded with wood, which I thought was log-wood, they stopped there some time, and began to land it, I called to the watchman, and they came to my assistance, he and three men came, I knew 
               
                  Charles
                   Young
               



            , I had seen him there before, he shoved his boat on round by our wharf, I spoke to him, I have no doubt but it was Young, I am sure he was one of the persons, I do not know the other.


                  WILLIAM
                   COMMANDER
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman of Castle Baynard ward, on Tuesday morning, the 18th of October, I was crying the hour half after two, I saw two men unloading some wood the bottom of Paul's wharf, and I spoke to one of my partners, and said here is something clandestine, let us go down and examine them, when we went down they signified they were custom house officers, and that we had no business to meddle by water, because we were land watchmen and not water watchmen.
Mr. Garrow. Who said so? - The two men that were in the boat, they both spoke, I told them our orders were to watch the water as well as the land, and, says I, I am afraid it is something clandestine, or you would not land it at this time in the morning; I asked them what it was, and insisted that they should not land any more, they had unloaded about a third, we sent for Calladine and the constable of the night, and they did not know what to do, and one of them went to advise with one of our common councilmen, the boat was detained all the while, and they said they would go on shore and have something to drink, so they went up to the middle of the wharf and laid their heads together and came back and loosened the boat, and rather shoved it off, and one of them took up a scull and said, he wished it was a pistol, he would blow our brains out, they left the wood they had landed on shore, I know Young, he was one of them, I cannot be positive to the other.
Mr. Garrow. You was there all the time that Newman was there? - No, Sir, I went up for the constable.


                  STEPHEN
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am another watchman of this ward; on the 18th of October, between two and three, Commander gave me a signal, and when I came up there were two more of our watchmen and him and me, and we went down to Paul's wharf stairs, and there was some wood laid on shore, and there was a good deal of wood in a boat, and the two prisoners were trying to shove the boat on shore, and we asked them what they were about, they said what was it to us, we were watchmen on land and not by water; and I left them there and went to fetch the patrol, and when he came he was as ignorant of the affair as ourselves, he sent for the constable; Young was one of the men, and he said the wood belonged to one Mr. Harrison, of Spittalfields, who was coming there with his cart for it; there was a cart drove along Thames-street to the end of Paul's wharf, and some men came down, and Young asked them if Mr. Harrison was coming, and one man said he was, and another man said, what Mr. Harrison? then he said he was coming; that man not knowing the name of Harrison gave us a suspicion, then Young said we will go and get something to drink, and Power came back and followed them, and Young said they may keep the wood and be d - d, it will not fetch them above three shillings, they will not let a man get a shilling, I know both the prisoners, they were both the men that were there; Young took up one of his sculls and said he knew him very well, and he would take the number of his head wherever he met him, and he said, d - n you, I wish this was a pistol, I would blow your brains out, they pushed off their boat, and away they went, and we took the wood to the watch-house, here is some of the wood.
Mr. Wisset. This is sapen-wood, which is worth fifty-eight shillings per hundred, a very small quantity was sold at the sale, being a new article.
Mr. Garrow. How long might all this conversation take up? - About an hour.
What all you watchmen left your stands to hold this conversation, which has been told here in two minutes, and it took up an hour; was you acquainted with Power before? - No, Sir, I was not.
This was the 18th of October, when did you see Power again? - I think the 11th of last month, it was three weeks and a few days.
When did you see him the next time? - At the Justice's, at Shadwell, at the bar with Young.
They told you that he was one of the parties that had been robbing on the Thames? - No, Sir.
Did not Nicholls tell you so? - I do not know Nicholls.
How happened it, that you are so much more able to swear to this man, than any body else that was there? - I am here to speak the truth.
What cause of knowledge have you superior to all the rest of your fellows that were there? - I stood and looked at some wood all the time.
Do you know that this man's life is at stake? - He was dressed in a brown jacket, and a round hat, it did not flap down much, it was up on the sides, it did not hide his ears nor his eyes; I swear to him by taking notice of him, and when I saw him again, I knew him.
Had you given any description of him to any body? - No, do not you think I could swear to him as well as I could to Young.
What reward do the East India Company give upon the conviction of these persons, that are suspected of robbing them? - I cannot tell.
Have you never heard? - No.
Do you know what reward is to be got, if these men are cast? - I am not a thief catcher.
You seem to be a better trade, a thief fixer? - I am sure he is the man, I am quite sure and positive of it.


                  JOHN
                   CALLADINE
               



             sworn.
What are you? - I am a house-man, and patrole of Castle Baynard ward, I know one of the prisoners, that is Young, but I am not positive to the other, whether he was there or not I cannot say.
Mr. Garrow. I believe they were a little angry with you, before the Justice, that you would not be positive to the other? - Who was?
Was not there a little misunderstanding; - A person asked me whether I did not know him, I said I had not so much conversation with him as with the other.
Who asked you that? - Newman.
He was a little displeased? - No.
He argued with you a little? - Only three words, there was another man there, and after that came more down.
Did you weigh the wood? - Yes, there was five hundred and five pounds.


                  DENNIS
                   MOUNTAIN
               



             sworn.
I am one of the watchmen, I know Young very well, but the other, I cannot say I know him so well.
Mr. Garrow. You do not mean to say that he was there? - I do not mean to say that he was not, but I cannot safely say he was.
PRISONER YOUNG's DEFENCE.
I am a waterman, this wood is log-wood' it is not sapen wood, if there is any man that is a judge of it, he will say so.
Court to Wissett. Are you so compleat a judge, as to tell us, this is not log wood? - I am not a judge of log wood, I cannot tell whether this is log wood.
The Prisoner Young called two witnesses to his character.
PRISONER POWER's DEFENCE.
I am quite innocent of the matter.
The prisoner Power called four witnesses, who gave him a very good character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
To be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
