





186. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     HENRY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of January
, three muslin shawls, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mackey
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  JAMES
                   HORNSBY
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Mackey
               



            , linen draper
, Holborn


; I am a shopman of his; on the 5th of January instant, at a quarter past five, the said 
               
                  Catherine
                   Henry
               



            , the prisoner, came into Mr. Mackey's shop; I never saw her before; she stood in the shop about two minutes, nobody spoke to her; 
               
                  John
                   Mackey
               



             came into the shop, and asked her what she wanted, and she told him a nail of lawn, he said it was not customary for him to cut so small a quantity, I had suspicion that she had privately stole some shawls, from some shawls on the counter; I was behind the counter.
What was the reason of your suspicion? - By her shuffling about the counter, and about her clothes; she was not nigh the shawls, when I had suspicion of her; she was going out of the shop, and Mr. Mackey took the corner of her cloak, and gave it a bit of a toss on one side, and I then saw the shawls under her right arm; she dropped the shawls in the shop; I saw her; they were picked up by Mr. Mackey, and he delivered them to me; I examined the shawls, and found them to be the property of 
               
                  John
                   Mackey
               



            , which she had privately stolen.
(Produced and deposed to by a private mark.)
You did not see her take the shawls? - I did not; she was a long distance from the shawls after Mr. Mackey came into the shop, and she never went nigh them after he came into the shop.
Now young man, can you take upon you positively to say that she did not go nigh the shawls after Mr. Mackey came into the shop? - I am confident of it; there was another young man, and a customer, who had bought a shawl; the other young man was shopman.
What was his name? - I absolutely cannot tell his name; he is called Robert always; I do not know his other name.
How long had he been in the shop? - He had been nigh a year in the shop; I have only been a month.
Is he here? - He is not.
What part of the shop was he in? - He was at a distance from the shawls; he had been selling a shawl to a lady.
Then he had been near them? - Yes, but he was at a distance then; he was wrapping up the shawl, and writing upon it what was to pay.
Who was the lady? - I do not know her name; the prisoner was taken into custody.
Prisoner. The young man knows I was not nigh the place he is mentioning at all.


                  GEORGE
                   MECHAM
               



             sworn.
I was sent for to take charge of the woman, and the shawl; she said nothing to me; Treadway was with me.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went into the gentleman's shop to buy a bit of lawn; this gentleman was going to serve me; there was a gentleman out of doors; he came in and said, what have you got under your cloak; says I, nothing at all; and before the Justice, another gentleman swore he took it from under my arm, and this gentleman swore I dropped it; I am innocent; and this young gentleman said, I have lost thirteen yards and a half of cotton, and you shall suffer for it all.
Court to Hornsby. Was Mr. Mackey before the Justice? - He was, he never swore any thing.

Mecham. No, he did not swear any thing at all.
Jury. Was Mr. Mackey at home when the prisoner came in? - Mr. Mackey came out of the street into the door in Broad-street.
Jury. Then he might see through the window.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
