





718. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SAWYER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Anthony 
                           Patrier
                        



                     
                  , on the king's highway, on the 22d of July
 last, and putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, a remnant of silk, called Persian silk, containing ten yards and a quarter, value 20 s. and one other remnant, containing six yards and a quarter, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elias 
                           Patrier
                        



.


                  ELIAS
                   PATRIER
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 4, Old Artillery-ground, in the liberty of the Tower; Anthony is my son; he is almost fifteen; I sent him for the two pieces of silk; when I came home, he had lost two pieces of silk that he was to bring back from Fisher and Wells, it was my property.


                  ANTHONY
                   PATRIER
               



             sworn.
How old are you? - Fifteen, in October; I called at Fisher and Wells, and took pieces, and gave a receipt for them on a bill of parcels; when I was coming by St. Paul's, the prisoner tapped me on the shoulder, and asked me, if I did not live at Mr. Jones's the dressers, and I told him, no, and I went on; he did not speak to me till we got into Bishopsgate-street, then he asked me if I did not know one Mr. Rogers, a dresser of silks; I saw him sometimes before me, and sometimes behind me; he kept near me; there were two of the men that met us, and he asked if I did not know them, I said, yes, very well; when we came to the Swan Inn, in Bishopsgate-street, he asked me to drink a pint of beer with him, I told him no, I must make haste home; then we crossed the way, and as we were coming by Rose-alley


, he pushed me into the alley, and then he threw down this trunk; he had a trunk which was covered with oil skin, and then he took the pieces away from under my arm.
(The witness Barnes was ordered to withdraw.)
How came you to let him? - I could not hinder him, he threw down the box and took it from under my arm directly.
Why did not you hold it fast? - I could not because he pulled it so hard.
Did you try to hold it? - I do not know, I was very much frightened; I cannot tell in what manner he took it; I did not see which way he ran; it was between one and two.

Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. How old are you? - I shall be fifteen in October.
Have you never told a different story from this? - No.
You know Mr. Barnes the baker? - Yes.
You have had a good deal of talk with him about it? - Yes.
To day? - Yes.
And yesterday? - No; we have been talking of it all day to day.
Did not your father threaten you, if you did not find out the man? - No, he did not.
Had you any money, when you went out in the morning? - No.
Upon your oath, had you any when you come home? - No, I swear that positively.
Court. Where did you see the prisoner? - At Mr. Saunders's, the paper warehouse, where he was brought by the two officers by my description; I knew him as soon as I saw him; I am sure he is the man.


                  EDWARD
                   BARNES
               



             sworn.
I am a baker's apprentice; I saw the prosecutor's son, and the prisoner walking along together down Bishopsgate-street, about half after one, arm in arm.
Were they arm in arm together? - No, no, they were not walking arm in arm together.
Then how came that expression into your head? - It was a mistake; I watched them down Bishopsgate-street, as far as I could see them; I went to tell his father, but he was not at home; I thought he was in company with a bad man; I told his mother, he had a trunk under his arm; he took out a knife and opened it; and there was an old mop, an old shoe, and some bits of mortar.
Court. Do you know what the reward is in this case? - No.
Did you never know it was forty pounds? - No; I have not been talking about it to day to the lad.
How long have you known the boy Patrier? - Four or five years.
What sort of a boy is he? - A pretty good boy.
Do you think he is to be believed upon his oath? - Yes, Sir, I do.
Then he has sworn that you have been talking with him about it to day, and since four o'clock this afternoon? - I have not, we have not been together five minutes the whole day.


                  JAMES
                   SHAKESHAFT
               



             sworn.
We took the prisoner into custody, and the baker's lad came, and said he saw him with Mr. Patrier's son; he had some money about him.
- ARMSTRONG sworn.
I questioned the boy very much; I thought he might be induced to change the silk for the trunk, but he persisted in it, as he has done here.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
