





613. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BRADLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of April
, one silver watch, value 20 s. one base metal key, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Collins
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   COLLINS
               



             sworn.
About the 9th or 10th of April on a Saturday, I am not sure to the day of the month, but I am sure to the day of the week, I saw a pawnbroker's shop in Crown-court, the corner of Princes-street, and I wanted sixpence upon my watch to buy my dinner, when I came to the door the man that took my watch from me stood at the pawnbroker's door, I asked him if that was a pawnbroker's shop, and he said yes, I asked him if he belonged to the shop, and he said yes, so he asked me if I wanted money, I told him I wanted sixpence for my dinner, and that I worked near, I did not chuse to ask my master as Saturday night was so near, he asked me what I had got to pawn, I had my watch in my hand and he snatched it out of my hand, and said stop ten minutes I will bring you the money out, I stopped about ten minutes, and he never came to me out of that door, and I began to be doubtful of my watch, then I went in and he was not there.
Did you ever get your watch again? - No.
Where did you find this man again? - On the Saturday night following I took him in Leicester-fields, I knew him to be the same man, and the pawnbroker's man was with me.
What did he say for himself? - He beat me very bad in the face, and began to call me scoundrel, he gave me one black eye, I took him myself and brought him to Litchfield-street, he was all of a shudder, he was easily took: I heard the watch was pawned in Shoe-lane, I saw it there, and described it before it was shewn me in every particular.
What did the prisoner say about it? - After he was examined he owned it to me that he had the watch, and it was pawned for twelve shillings, and he offered me a great coat to make it up, and to pay for my loss of time.
Mr. Chetwood Counsel for the Prisoner. What was your purpose at the pawnbroker's? - I went there to leave something for sixpence.
Had you ever been in there or at any other pawnbroker's before? - No, Sir, never.
Upon your oath did you or did you not express reluctance or unwillingness to go into a pawnbroker's shop? - No, Sir.
Had you determined what to pawn, to raise a little money? - I did not care whether it was my watch or my handkerchief.
You say your watch was snatched? - Yes.
Did you or did you not, desire the prisoner to pawn it for you? - No, Sir, I did not.
Did you never declare to the prisoner himself that you had so desired it? - No.
Did you see him go into the pawnbroker's? - Yes.
If you had not given him the watch to pawn, how came you not to go after him, did not he carry in your watch to the pawnbroker's by your own consent? - No Sir, he snatched it out of my hand.
Court. If he had given the watch to the man to have pawned, and the man had gone off with it, I am very clear that would have been a felony.
Mr. Chetwood. I mean to shew the difference in his evidence, now and when he was at the Justice's, he said he belonged to the pawnbroker's shop, he had a coat under his arm.
Did not he tell you he was going to pawn his coat? - No.
Was you desired to stop at the door, or to go to the public house? - To the public house, a man went past and the prisoner said go to the public house with that man and have a pint of beer.
Then you never declared that you gave him the watch to pawn? - No, Sir, he snatched it out of my hand.


                  JOHN
                   LANE
               



             sworn.
On the 17th of April, a woman came and pledged a watch with me for 12 s. I cannot say the day of the week, she pledged it in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Harris
               



            , she always pledged in that name with us, I knew her before, her name is 
               
                  Mary
                   Hart
               



            , it was in the day time, but I cannot tell the hour.
Court to Prosecutor. What time was it that you met this man in Leicester-fields and took him up? - On Saturday night.


                  MARY
                   HART
               



             sworn.
Where did you get the watch that you pledged at the pawnbroker's? - The prisoner brought it to me to pledge for him, I had not it above five minutes, he told me it was not his, but a person was waiting for him at the public house.
Was the watch that you pledged, the same that the prisoner brought you? - Yes.
Court to Pawnbroker. Is this the watch that this woman pledged? - Yes.
(The watch produced.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, this man gave me the watch as I was going to pawn my coat, he asked me where I was going, I told him to receive some money, he asked me to pawn his watch, and he took it out and gave it me, I went and stopped some time there, he said he would go to the public house and wait, when I came out I went to the public house to enquire for him, he was not there, and not finding him, I took the watch to that woman the very same day to pawn, he took me the Saturday following, I offered to make him every restitution, I had no intention of defrauding him.
Court to Mrs. Hart. How long have you known the prisoner? - I have known him several years, and never knew any harm of him before.
FOR THE PRISONER.
The Prisoner's witnesses examined separate.


                  ROBERT
                   HOGG
               



             sworn.
I live in Queen-street, Soho-square, No. 12, I am a master jeweller, and a housekeeper, I have known him sixteen or seventeen years, I have kept a house there near twenty years, he always bore a good character, I knew him when he lived with Mr. Robinson, a merchant and jeweller, I have known him trusted with 10,000 pounds worth of jewels, I never heard any thing amiss of his character.
Court to Hogg. Did you keep any shop? - No, Sir, I am a working jeweller, I have a private shop.
You say you have lived there near twenty years? - Yes, Sir, the merchant that he lived with, Mr. Robinson of Gerrard-street, he is dead, he has trusted him with jewels to bring me to the value of 10,000 l. what I speak of is twelve years ago.
Do you keep the whole house? - Yes. I keep the whole house.
Are you married or single? - I am married.


                  WILLIAM
                   ANDERSON
               



             sworn.
Do you know any thing of this transaction? - Yes.
Had you ever any conversation with the prosecutor upon this? - No, I met the prisoner in April last, I cannot be particular to the day, it was of a Saturday in Covent Garden.
Do you recollect what Saturday it was in April? - I think it was about the 17th of April, and after asking him how he did and so forth.
Court. Any conversation between you and the prisoner is no evidence. - We walked together as far as Crown-court in Princes-street, Soho, and he and I stopped speaking together at the Pawnbroker's door, and the prosecutor came up, and said to him, are you a going to pawn any thing, he said yes, I am going to pawn my coat; in consequence of this, I saw the prosecutor take the watch out of his own pocket and give it into the hands of the prisoner, he introduced himself by saying, if you are going to pawn your coat, I wish you would pawn my watch for me, I do not like to pawn it myself, in consequence of this I saw the prosecutor give the watch to the prisoner to pawn.
Court. And you say upon your oath, you saw him give the watch to the prisoner to pawn? - I did.
Upon what day was it? - It was on the Saturday, and I think it was about the 17th of last April, to the best of my recollection, I cannot be particular to the day of the month.
Did you see what became of the prisoner afterwards? - I waited till the prisoner came out, and he said to me, do you know where the man is, I said no, I was looking at the opposite shop; the prisoner said to me, I have not pawned this man's watch, and I wish to give it him again; after this I took my leave of the prisoner, and wished him a good day, and went about my business and he about his.
What became of the man after he had given the prisoner the watch? - I do not know, I saw him give him the watch to pawn, I turned my head to look at some stockings, and I saw no more of him.
The prosecutor was a stranger to you and the prisoner? - I never saw him before in my life.
Did the prisoner and he seem to have any acquaintance? - So far as I should judge I should think they had not.
What did he say about it now as near as you can recollect? - I recollect nothing further than what I have said before.
Did the prosecutor say any thing that led you to think they were acquainted? - No, I took them to be entire strangers.
Did the prosecutor tell the prisoner his name, or where he lived? - Not in my hearing.
Then the prosecutor came up to the prisoner, who was an entire stranger to him, and gave him his watch to pawn, without having any direction where he lived? - I heard no direction given, I saw the prosecutor give the prisoner the watch.
Who was to receive the money for the watch when it was pawned? - That I do not know, I saw him give him the watch to pawn.
That is the point you came here to swear to? - I thought the prosecutor said for me.
How was he to get the money? - That I do not know.
What reason have you to believe that this was on the 17th of April? - I made a remark of it in my pocket book of the state of the poll.
Then you have no doubt it was the 17th of April? - I think there could be no doubt of it, I was told by information it was the 17th of April in the Garden, and I made a memorandum of it in my pocket book; it was a pocket book that writes with a slate pencil, and as the day's poll was over, a few days after I rubbed it out.
You give a very good reason for knowing the day; then you have no doubt it was the 17th of April, or the day the people called the 17th of April? - I might be mistaken in the day, but I think there is not the least doubt it was that day.
Do you happen to recollect what the state of the poll was that day? - I do not.
You are sure it was not a week earlier than the 17th? - I am perfectly sure of that; I met a person that knew the prisoner four or five days after, and he told me he was taken up in consequence of pawning a watch for a man.
You heard within a week after? - Yes, within a week after, I am sure of that, and the person said the prisoner desired him if he met me, knowing me, to desire me to come to him, to say what I knew of the transaction, that is all I know.
Court to Officer. This witness must not go out of Court till the Jury have given their verdict.
Jury. You did not hear how long the prisoner had been in custody? - I cannot say I did.
Court to Prosecutor. The time you met with the prisoner in Leicester-fields, when he was taken, was it the same Saturday on which you lost your watch, or the Saturday week? - The Saturday week.
You are sure of that? - I am quite sure; it was on Saturday the 10th of April I lost my watch, and the Saturday week I met the prisoner; the story that has been told by this man is not true, there are two or three of them have been after me to make it up, and a man at Hick's-hall has offered me the watch, and to have it mended, and a good supper.
Mr. Chetwood. As to the time, it could be ascertained with precision, by sending to the pawnbroker.
Court. That may be necessary hereafter, but the prosecutor swears positively that the prisoner was not taken up on the same day, and it is in evidence from the other pawnbroker that the watch was pledged on the 17th.
Mr. Chetwood. My Lord, if the other pawnbroker was sent for it would appear clearly.
To Prosecutor. Was the coat pledged on the same day that you lost your watch? - Yes, Sir, directly as he went into the shop.
What is the name of the pawnbroker at the corner of Crown-court? - Priestman.
Prisoner. The coat was pledged for four shillings, in the name of Johnson; I believe it might be 
               
                  Thomas
                   Johnson
               



            , but I am not sure.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, I think public justice is very much concerned that this matter should be fully investigated; I am sending for the pawnbroker, the prisoner shall sit down, and in the mean time you will try another prisoner.
(The two pawnbrokers books sent for, and as soon as they were brought the trial went on.)
Court to Prisoner. Have you any other evidence to give to the Court after the pawnbroker's man is examined? - Here is one.


                  GEORGE
                   BANFIELD
               



             sworn.
I live in Duke's-court Drury-lane, No. 14.
Court. I advise you to be cautious before I examine you, for I have ordered the witnesses on each side, for the prosecutor and the prisoner, to be detained in Court; on which ever side the belief of the Jury turns against, I shall probably direct a prosecution for perjury. - The prisoner came to me and asked me if I would have a coat that was in pawn, and I was to redeem the coat and buy it, and I went to the pawnbroker's where the coat was, and was stopped till the prosecutor came in, and then he came in, and said this is not the man that had the watch of me; says I was you robbed of a watch; no, says he, I gave it to a man to pawn, and he ran away with the money; I said you must be a stupid man, he said he never saw him before, upon which I gave him my address.


                  JOSEPH
                   HEWLETT
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Priestman.
Do you know the person of the man at the bar? - No, I do not.
Do you remember a coat pledged at your shop in the name of Johnson? - Yes, I do.
Have you any entry in your books that enables you to speak with certainty on what day it was pledged? - Here is the book.
Court. Let me look at the book, (looks at it) I do not see any entry in this book of Saturday the 10th of April, how happens that here is Friday the 9th of April, and Monday the 12th? have you ever a whole day, especially on a Saturday in which nothing is pledged at your shop? - No.
Then find the entry of the 10th of April. - It was Good Friday, we do not keep the shop above an hour, so it was put Friday instead of Saturday.
How came that? - We did no business on Friday, so it passed for Saturday.
Court. Let me look at it again; have you any mark where the Saturday's entry begins; here is Mr. Johnson on that day, gold seal 7 s. 6 d. - That is another person, that gentleman comes to us to this day.
Here is another Mr. Johnson, sixteen prints, was that the person? - No, it was not.
Do you know the person of the prisoner? - I do not.
Do you know whether he was the man of the name of Johnson? - I stood by the person that took it in, that wrote the ticket to put on it, he wrote that, he did not write any duplicate, and he is as far as Northumberland; I know it was a tallish man, but I cannot tell the person.
Court to Lane. Look at your book and see when the watch was pledged.
Prisoner. Was there a duplicate on the coat as the prosecutor swore? - There was none.
(Lane's book handed up and read.)

Court. The 17th of April, here is the ticket of the watch, and the woman had the duplicate.
When was the watch found with you? - The Monday or Tuesday following.
Court to Collins. You said when you took the prisoner in Leicester-fields the pawnbroker's man was with you? - Yes, Hewlett was with me.
Is that true? - Yes.
Now when was it? - On the Saturday night following.
It was not the same Saturday that the coat was pledged? - No, it was not.
Do you know of any thing about the watch after the prisoner was taken? - No, I am sure it was the Saturday week after the coat was pledged.
Prisoner. What did the prosecutor say to you when he went in to enquire for his watch? - He said he had been drinking with the man at the public house, and wanted some money, and had nothing to leave but his watch, that he only wanted to borrow sixpence, and that he met this man at the door; he came in a great hurry, and said, has there been a man to pawn a watch for sixpence; so the man told the whole story that he had lost his watch, he said he gave it him.
How long did the man that pawned the coat stay in the shop? - Not two minutes; I think he went out at the other door through into Princes-street.
Jury. Did Collins tell you he took the man for a person belonging to the shop? - Yes, he did.
Jury to Collins. What trade are you? - A smith, I worked the whole week, I kept about a quarter of a day on Monday in the afternoon.
Was this the Easter week that you pledged the watch? - I cannot recollect that.
Court. Gentlemen of the Jury, this trial has turned out of more consequence than it might at first appear to be of; if the prosecutor gave the watch to the prisoner to pawn for him, and he went away with the money, that is as much a felony as if he snatched it from him; and no possible reason can be assigned for the prosecutor's going away after he had given him the watch to pledge; some very extraordinary accident must have interfered, to shew why the prisoner came out of the pawnbroker's without pledging it, and then he goes a mile off, and pledges it by another hand at another pawnbroker's: you will decide for yourselves, and your verdict will decide my opinion of the witness Anderson.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
Court. Let Anderson be committed to Newgate.
Anderson. It is very hard, my Lord, I spoke no more than the truth.
