






301. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     KEELING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of April
 last, one pair of pistols, mounted with silver, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Warre
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   WARRE
               



             sworn.
I live in Long-acre


, I keep a shop, and sell swords and pistols
, and those kind of things; I lost a pair of mounted pistols from my shop, on Wednesday the 16th of April, my wife missed them immediately, one of the neighbours saw a man put some in his pocket, and thought he had bought them; on the Friday morning, I went round to the pawnbrokers, and I found them at Mr. Pain's in Wardour-street, and he advised me to leave them with him, as he believed he should be able to take the prisoner; on the Wednesday following, he brought the prisoner to my house.


                  JOHN
                   LIGHTFOOT
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Pain, I took in these pistols the 16th of April, of the prisoner at the bar, between four and five in the afternoon; I had seen the prisoner four or five times before. I am sure it is him, when he came again we secured him; he came then to pledge a gown, and to take out a pair of boots.
(The pistols deposed to by the prosecutor, who knows them to be his property, by an agate flint in one of them.)


                  HENRY
                   BAMBRIDGE
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner, and he owned he had pawned the pistols.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I only wish to inform you how I came by these pistols, I was drinking at a house in Oxford-road, as I came out a man was selling them, I offered him a guinea, he objected to it, I had no more money than a guinea, a friend of mine came by, I asked him to lend me half a guinea, he lent me five shillings, and I offered the man five shillings more, and he readily excepted of it, I walked with my friend to Wardour-street, I told him to repay his money, I would pledge these pistols.
Court. What way of life have you been in? - I keep gentlemen and tradesmens books.
What is your friend's name, that lent you this money? - Jackson, it was in Oxford-road, opposite to Rathbone-place.
What time of the day was it? - About dinner time, about two o'clock.
Court. You have described yourself as a book-keeper, you therefore must be a person of great trust and confidence, you will give the Jury a good account of yourself.


                  CHARLES
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
Court. What are you? - By profession an apothecary.
Where do you live? - I am just out of my time, I served my time to Mr. Webb, in Halfmoon-street, I have been out of my time about ten days.
Did you serve your time out? - Yes, Sir.
Where do you live now? - I am with my father at present unengaged, in Fleet-market, he is clerke to Mr. Price upon Snow-hill, I have known the prisoner four or five years.
You have heard the account he has given of himself? - Yes, about a fortnight ago coming up Oxford-road, I met the prisoner and another man, conversing about a pair of pistols, I knew the prisoner, and he knew me, he asked me how I did, and he asked me, to lend him half a guinea, I said, I had not a half a guinea, he said, it was to purchase a pair of pistols, I mentioned the impropriety of his buying pistols, and asked him what use he had for them, he said, to get something by them; I had not half a guinea, I let him have five shillings, and a guinea he had, he gave to the man; we went as far as Wardour-street, he apologized for the liberty of borrowing the money of me, and he said, I might want the money, and he would pledge the pistols for a guinea; he returned in about a minute, and gave me the five shillings; I have not seen him from that time till yesterday.
How happened you to see him then? - Passing by the Sessions-yard yesterday, I read in the bill of indictments his name, and enquired about him, and found he was in confinement, I directly enquired for him.
Did you know him to be the same man, by seeing 
               
                  Charles
                   Keeling
               



             in the list? - I can swear to him.
That I do not doubt, how came you to suspect that by the name, it was your friend? - I made bold to enquire, I did not five minutes before, know that he was in custody.
It was a very lucky thing that you happened to enquire for him? - I knew his father and mother, and had been there several times.
Where did they live? - They have lived in several places, they lived in St. James's place, then in Clarge's-street Piccadilly, and the last in Park-street.
How long ago? - That was seven or eight months, they live now in Mount-street.
You do seem to know them all very well, as you know them so well, of course they knew you very well? - Yes.
They know that you are the son of this man, that lives here in Fleet-market, clerke to Mr. Price? - There was their daughter, was apprentice to a milliner that lodged in my master's second floor, through that, I became acquainted with their father and mother.
You never heard any thing of the matter, till by accident you was going by last night? - No, my Lord.
Prisoner. I was ashamed to trouble any of my friends about this affair.
Court. It is the very thing in the world, to wipe off the stain of such a thing as this; is there any body here that knows you, any person of character here that happens to know you, because it would be very matrial for your character to be well established here? - No, Sir, I believe not.
Court. Is there any body near? - No, Sir.
Court to Warre. Did you go before the Justice with the prisoner? - Yes.
What account did he give of the pistols there, did he mention his friends name? - Not a word of that, that this young man has mentioned, he said, he gave twenty-five shillings for them.
Was he asked any questions, whether he had any body that could prove that? - I believe he was not, they know him pretty well there, and for that reason, did not say much to him.
Court to Warre. What are those pistols worth? - I cannot justly say.
What have you sold them for? - Two guineas.
Jury. They cost five guineas, they are worth four guineas now.
Court. It seems very extraordinary that he was not called on, one would have thought the prisoner would have said, there is a young man of undoubted credit, that saw me buy them, and lent me part of the money.
Prisoner. The reason of my not knowing where he lived he was out of his time, nor did I know till I asked him.



               GUILTY
            .
Prisoner. My Lord, every doubt shall be satisfied, if you will only give me time.
Court to Prisoner. I am perfectly satisfied with the verdict, I do not believe that young man; but if you can give a very good account of your former character, that may be a reason why the Court should treat you with less severity, I am told you have been here before.
Prisoner. Innocently, my Lord, it was some property that was lost in my company a twelve month ago, a silver tankard that was taken out of the house where I was drinking.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
