





365. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, a silver watch, value 45 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Disdale
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   DISDALE
               



             sworn.
I am a baker
; I live in Charlotte-street; I lost my watch on the 1st of February; the prisoner had been an old servant
 of mine, and he came the Saturday forenoon, and told me he was out of place; I gave him his dinner; and in the afternoon he said, Master, I should be glad if you would let me stay all night; well, says I, Jack, I don't mind, you may stay all night; on the Sunday morning my watch was hanging up on the mantle-piece in the parlour, nobody was there; on the Monday morning I saw him go into the parlour, I was in the passage, I saw no more of him afterwards; I went into the parlour at different times on the Sunday, I looked for the watch to see what time to draw the pans, and the watch was gone; I saw it there that morning, and brought it down stairs with me; I found the prisoner in the New-Prison in the Borough the week before last; I never found my watch; the person that was bound over to prosecute with me never appeared afterwards.


                  Moses
                   Knight
               



             called on his recognizance, and not appearing, his recognizance was ordered to be estreated.
Disdale. I charged him with this robbery, I made him no promise, he owned it freely; and that he sold the watch to 
               
                  Moses
                   Knight
               



             for 1 l. 10 s. here is his confession in writing; I saw him write it before Justice Staples.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of it.
Court. How came he to write this? - He wrote it before Justice Staples, when he was examined.
Prisoner. I did not write it.
Court. Did he say any thing before he went to the Justice's? - No, I asked him nothing.
Then all you know is, what he wrote down? - Yes.
The paper you have was written before the Justice? - Yes.
Court to Mr. Shelton. Has there been any examination before the Justice transmitted?
(The Confession handed up to the Court.)
Disdale. I saw Justice Staples sign this, and this is the paper I saw the prisoner sign; no promise was made him.
(The Confession read.)
"
               
                  John
                   Williams
               



             confesses, and says,
"about 11 or 12 weeks ago, he took a silver
"watch as it was hanging in the parlour
"of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Disdale
               



            , having only a key
"to it, and hanging by a string, which
"watch he sold about a fortnight after for
"thirty shillings, and two shillings that
"was spent.
(Signed)
"
               
                  John
                   Williams
               



            ."
Taken before me this 14th of April, 1789.


                  John
                   Staples
               



            .




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
