





402. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER 
                     WEBB
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of January
 last, seven pair of leather shoes, value 16 s. one linen shirt, value 4 s. a linen shift, value 18 d. a safe guard, value 18 d. a cotton handkerchief, value 6 d. three frocks, value 9 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Barker
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BARKER
               



             sworn.
I live at Islington


, I deal in old shoes
, I mend them up for sale; on the 14th of January last, about half past seven, I got up, and I went to unlock my shop door; and found it unlocked; the house belonged to one 
               
                  Ann
                   Smith
               



            , I lodged at that time in the house, I looked round the shop, and found it had been robbed of the things mentioned in the indictment, they were all my property; when I went to bed I double locked the door, I am quite sure they were all safe when I went to bed; I went the same morning to Justice Blackborough's, and informed him, and he granted me a warrant; and Dinmore and me went and took a man that we suspected, who lodged in the same house, we found him in Gold-lane, and he was committed to prison; afterwards, when the prisoner was taken up, which was in his own room, I saw my shirt upon his back.
Did he make any opposition to your looking at the shirt? - No.
Did you examine the shirt? - Yes, when it was taken off my wife swore to it; I saw it taken off him, and there was a woman whom he said was his wife, and we desired her to pull off her shirt, and we retired while she stripped, for decency, but she pulled it off, and opened the door, and gave the shift into my hand; when we got to the Justices, the prisoner before me owned the whole.
Did you offer him favour? - No.
Did you threaten him? - No, he said, before the Justice, that he robbed me, and that it was through a woman that lodges in the house that he robbed me; he said, he had sold the rest of the things to a Jew, and the woman said you have not sold them all, for you have a pair of shoes on belonging to the man; and his shoes were then taken off, and I swore to them, having been at work on them the night before for a customer.
Prisoner. Did not you say you would make it up for two guineas? - I never spoke to him in my life, only the time he was taken.
Did you ever make any offer to him? - Nothing in the world.
Prisoner. I have witnesses that he offered to make it up.


                  MARY
                   BARKER
               



             sworn.
I know the shirt, it is my own making, but the frill is taken off, I can safely swear to my own work.
Is there anything singular about it? - I know my own work from anybody's else, every stitch about it; it had a frill, and the frill was marked, and that is taken off; I missed a shirt at that time out of my room, and a shift which I also missed that day, which was in the room; my husband gave it me on the night he had been at the prisoner's lodgings, I have had it in my possession ever since; it has a very particular mark upon it, here is a piece put on to the shift, before it was made up .


                  JOHN
                   DINMORE
               



             sworn.
I am constable of Clerkenwell, I went with the prosecutor to the prisoner's lodging, in Red Bull-yard; the woman said, he was not at home, I then told her, I came about a felony, and she must open the door; she came down and opened the door, I then went up stairs, and found the prisoner hid in a closet, and I stood by while he pulled off his shirt, which is the shirt now produced, I have had it ever since; then the woman pulled off a shift, which she had on, and we withdrew, and she put it out through the door to the prosecutor, and gave it into his hand, and these shoes I took off his feet, and sent for a pair of others for him to put on; the rest of the things they said they had sold to a Jew; I have had them ever since.
(The shoes deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On Friday I was at work down at Wapping, in coal heaving, and coming through Rosemary-lane, I bought this shirt, and shoes, and shift, and gave half a guinea for them.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
