






407. 
               
                  
                     NICHOLAS 
                     TODD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     KAYTON, otherwise 
CLAYTON




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th day of March
 last, eleven linen sheets, value 50 s. four cotton shirts, value 42 s. one waistcoat, value 3 s. two linen handkerchiefs, value 1 s. 6 d. one silk handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Watson
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .



                  WILLIAM
                   WATSON
               



             sworn.
I am a bricklayer
 in Swallow-street


; I only know that my house was robbed on the 17th of March; I went to put up some lines for some clothes that had been washing, my wife went to hang up some clothes and take down some others between six and seven, she went up into the one pair of stairs front room where the lines were, and she came down stairs and fainted away; she got it out, the room is robbed! she instantly fell down and fainted away; I took the key out of her hand, and went up and opened the door, and the lines I had put up were all cut excepting one, and that one had some coloured aprons hanging upon it, and that was left; all the shirts were gone except one that was left, and a waistcoat that dropped down by the window; I told my case, and on the 19th, I saw in the newspaper a description that answered my marks; I went to the constable and told him what I had.


                  JOHN
                   MOORE
               



             sworn.
I was along with Burley and Todd going up Swallow-street, and we saw these windows open, and linen hanging in the room up one pair of stairs; Burley is a boy, and he got into the room by the help of the lamp iron, and he was two hours in the room.
Court. What was he doing there for two hours? - I do not know, we thought he was apprehended, and I went down to Clayton to his lodgings, I bid him come down to help the boy out of the room, and he came with three more, and hallooed to the boy, and he came out of the room and chucked the property out.
Where was Clayton? - At his lodgings in Peter-street.
Who were the other three? - I do not know, they were strangers to me.
How did the boy get down? - By the help of the lamp iron.
What did he stay so long for? - Because he saw some people opposite that he thought saw him.
What time of the day or night was it? - About six o'clock.
Who took the things? - One of the strangers that came up; we carried them down to the lodging where Clayton and I lodged, then we parted them into there parcels, and brought them away to sell them in Field-lane, just by, I do not know the house.
How was the money to be divided? - It was to be divided amongst us all.
Amongst not only the first three but the others that came up? - Yes.
Did you go to sell them? - Yes, and the people would not buy them; coming up Cow-lane, Todd and I were apprehended by the patrol.
Where was Clayton at that time? - He went away to his lodgings, he ran away from us.


                  WILLIAM
                   CONWAY
               



             sworn.
I was doing duty in Cow-lane, I am a watchman; as I was standing at the door where the stand is, there were three men came past me, the two first with a bundle in each arm, the evidence was the last man that came after, he had a bundle under his arm, that led me to a greater suspicion because they were loose; I gave information to two patrols across the way, they immediately stopped the first, and I kept behind; as soon as they saw me, the evidence went to make a run, I immediately accosted him, and as he run I happened to slip down, he got a little from me, a young man crossed upon him and tripped him up; he never was out of my sight the whole time; I took some of the linen from under his arm, and the rest he separated about the place; I took him up and took him to the watch-house; one of the patrols took Todd, but the other made his escape; between six and seven in the evening I went with the evidence to secure Clayton, I met him in Crown-court, Soho; a young man said to me, is that the man? says I, I am certain sure that is the man, I had a full view of his face.
Are you sure now that he is the man? - Yes; when I first accosted Clayton, we found a pistol upon him, loaded with powder and slugs, square pieces of lead.

(The things produced.)


                  EDWARD
                   RYLAND
               



             sworn.
I am one of the patrol, I took Todd and this bundle.
How many were there along with him? - Two more, which were the evidence and Clayton.
Do you know that Clayton was the third? - He was the third, I searched him and found this handkerchief, which the prosecutor owned to be his, in his bosom next to his skin; I know no more of it.


                  FRANCIS
                   SMART
               



             sworn.
I am one of the patrol, I helped to take these people Todd and Clayton, I am sure Clayton was one.


                  JOSEPH
                   CLIFFORD
               



             sworn.
I was along with Conway at the apprehending of Clayton in Crown-court, and we found this pistol in one pocket, and this handkerchief, which the prosecutor has sworn to, in the other pocket.


                  SAMUEL
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
When the prisoners was apprehended, they were brought to the watch-house, and each of these bundles were given into my charge as from the different prisoners; when the examination was on the Thursday the evidence was remanded till the next day, and he was admitted an evidence; and I went with the other and apprehended Clayton; this pistol was delivered into my charge, I unloaded it, and there was a charge in it half way; first we drew up one charge of powder and pieces of lead, then another charge of powder and another piece of lead.
(The things deposed to.)
Court to Prosecutor. Look particularly at that handkerchief that was found in Clayton's pocket. - It is my property, I have the fellow to it.
You can only say you believe it to be your property? - I do not suppose there are two more such handkerchiefs in the city of London, I had seven in one piece, they are India; I can swear to all the linen except one shirt.
PRISONER TODD's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of the robbery, I was coming down Holborn, and that man and another man was talking together with bundles under their arms, and that man tapped me over the shoulder, and asked me where he could get a coach, he said he was a stranger, we went in and had a glass, he threw down a guinea; and as we were going to Smithfield his apron came loose, he desired me to lay hold of this bundle while he tied his apron up, and as he was tying his apron up, some men crossed immediately, he threw the bundle down and run away; I looked back for that man, and he was gone; they caught hold of me, and said they would cut me down; I let the bundle fall: if I had been guilty of the robbery I should certainly have ran away as well as the rest. That is not the handkerchief he took from me; I had been seven years abroad.
The prisoner Todd called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.


                  GEORGE
                   CLAYTON
               



            's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of it; I served my time to that man 
               
                  Moore
               


             the evidence, he is a shoe-maker, and after I was out of my time he cut me most terribly with a knife across the face; I was ill six weeks, and my shop-mates advised me to take the law.
Court. How came you by that pistol in your pocket? - I brought it from sea with me.
What, ready charged? - We brought it up charged, me and the rest of my shipmates.
How came you by that handkerchief? - It is not his handkerchief, if you look close into it you will see it is different: I have nobody to speak for me, the fittest man I have to speak for me is Moore, which I do not expect.
Court to Moore. Are you a shoe-maker? - Yes, I am, and he served with me some part of his time.

How much? - I suppose about a twelvemonth.


                  NICHOLAS
                   TODD
               



            , 
               
                  GEORGE
                   KAYTON
               



            ,




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .
To be each 



               transported seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron EYRE.
