





261. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     CONNER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th day of March
, one iron bar, weight twenty-four pounds, value 10 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Edwin
                        




                     
                  , Esq
. affixed to his stable
            .
- ALVERTON sworn.
I live in Compton-street


 facing the prosecutor's stables; on the 16th of March, about half after seven, I was at my window up stairs, and I saw the prisoner doing something that I thought he should not do; I saw the prisoner at work as hard as he could, getting the bar away, with an iron crow: he had one in his hand; I caught him; we scuffled; he got away from me; I am sure the prisoner was the man; he just dropped the bar, before the patrol took him; it was the crow which he dropped first, but he had a bar in his hand when I took him, and that he dropped, and his hat; I gave him his hat.


                  JOHN
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner; I met him the corner of Bloomsbury-square; he had no iron bar upon him when I took him; he had nothing about him; he was without his hat; a gentleman gave me charge of him; I asked him how he came by the crow; andhe said he found it; he said he was afraid he should be taken, and he flung it away; we took him to the prosecutor's house, there was the last witness with these five bars and the prisoner's hat, and we took him to the Justice, and he was fully committed.


                  GEORGE
                   GADDY
               



             sworn.
I am a smith, I put up these bars; they are the same bars, that I can swear to; (deposed to) here is one bar, value one shilling.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I heard the cry of stop thief, I ran as the rest, and the watchman took hold of me, I was taken at a nonplus.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
