





644. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     LANE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering into the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Halford
                        




                     
                  , on the 28th of May
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing six pieces of linen cloth, value 8 l. two pieces of linen, value 8 s. one hundred and seventeen yards of printed cotton, value 9 l. fourteen muslin shawls, value 5 l. thirty-six linen handkerchiefs, value 36 s. one piece of muslin, value 40 s. one pair of cotton stockings, value 2 s. one piece of cotton, value 6 d. and two silver tea spoons, value2 s. the goods of the said Thomas, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   HALFORD
               



             sworn.
I am a linen draper and haberdasher
 in the City Road


: on the 28th of May, at night my house was broke open.
Who was last up in your house? - I was last up; I went to bed about twelve o'clock.
Did you leave your house doors and windows secure? - Perfectly so; I always make it a rule to see every night; and I did that night; and saw, that the whole house was secure; I found in the morning the back kitchen window open.
There was no alarm in the night that you heard of? - No; I found the back kitchen window open; the bolt of the window was bent double like a bit of lead; it was perfectly secure when I went to bed; the yard door was open, but there was no appearance of violence there; they had opened that to go out; the parlour door from the stair-case into the parlour was open; the door from the parlour into the shop was open; there was no violence there, because the keys were both left in; there was a mark of tallow upon the counter, about the circle of an inch, like the mark of a bottom of a lanthorn; upon the counter there were foot marks with mud; there were two or three other spots of tallow too; upon examining the shelves, we found almost every shelf stripped.
To what amount? - Upwards of 80 l.; in the garden I found foot marks; they had come along the mould in the garden, to prevent the noise of the gravel walks; there were two foot marks, one an inch longer than the other; there were some matches and a small file left behind (producing them) which I took out of the garden myself; the file I apprehend they struck a light with.
Counsel for the Prisoner. When you came to the shop in the morning the shutters were all up? - Yes; the shop shutters were fast; they were all up when I got up; there is a fan light over the door, which gives a very great light.
There is no shutter to that? - No.
- METCALF sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Holford; I was first down in the morning; I found the back kitchen window and shutters open about seven o'clock.
Was that the window where the bolt was forced? - Yes; the window of the back kitchen.
That is all you know? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   LCUY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I searched the prisoner's lodgings on the 5th of June, a little after four in the morning; he was on the bed; he had his clothes on all but his shoes; I told him we had an information against him for a robbery; and I looked round the room; this dark lanthorn was standing on a box by the bed side; and this iron crow and chisel; and close to the side of it a tinder box and matches; I searched his box that they stood upon.
There was no steel in the tinder-box? - No, but there was a file; there was no other steel.
And flint? - Yes. (Producing it.) I searched the cellar, and found this large chisel, and this auger or borer. (Producing them.) I asked him how he came by the lanthorn and iron crow; and he said he had that morning found them; and I apprehended him; I examined the box and found a piece of cotton, a handkerchief and a pair of stockings; I asked him if they were his; he said they were; that he had them some time by him; I had seen a hand bill of Mr. Halford's; I thought it might be his property, and I secured the property. (Produces the things.) I went with the crow to Mr. Halford's house, and compared the places in the presence of Mr. Halford, and desired him to do the same; I found three large impression in the wood in the back kitchen window; I compared them with the large end of the crow, and they exactly tallied; there were two othersmaller, which the small end of the crow exactly fitted.
Counsel for the Prisoner. You are an officer belonging to an office? - No; constable of the parish.
You have for several years attended at this place? - Yes.
You have frequently in the course of that practice produced crows here; are they not in general much of the same size? - No; they are of very different sizes; there is a little piece out of the large end of this crow; and there was that part deficient in Mr. Halford's window.
Court to Mr. Halford. You saw this crow compared with your shutters? - Yes; that little notch is wanting on the shutters; both ends exactly tallied.
Look at those things; are they your property? - This piece of callico I know to be mine by this yellow stain in it; my wife cut it off for her own use; it being damaged we could not sell it; the stockings are exactly the same pattern as those I lost; the mark is cut away; the handkerchief is exactly the same pattern; I believe it to be ours; it is not marked; they were all in one piece.
Does it not frequently happen that pieces are so damaged? - No; not often.
It does sometimes? - Yes.
Mrs. HALFORD sworn.
I am the prosecutor's wife; this piece of cotton I can swear to by this yellow stain; it is a remnant I cut off for my own use; I believe all the things to be our property.
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my counsel.
The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods to the value of 39 s.
            

Not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house.




               Transported for seven years to Africa
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
