





703. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     THOMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of July
, two silver table spoons, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Evan 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .


                  EVAN
                   HARRIS
               



             sworn.
I live at Muswell-hill


, I lost two table spoons on Wednesday last, and on Thursday morning the prisoner was stopped with the spoons; I only prove the property (The spoons deposed to) I know them by the cypher.
Are they the initials of your name? - No.
Are you sure you had spoons in your possession with that cypher? - Yes, they are both different cyphers, we had not missed them till this person brought an account of them.

Court. Can you speak with certainty that you know these to be your spoons? - I can, Sir.


                  ROBERT
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a Brazier, I live in Petticoat-lane, I was standing at my door about eight o'clock, and I saw the prisoner go by, and I saw these two spoons stick out of his breeches pocket a little way, and his jacket was over them, he had the same jacket on he has now, I believe he has no shirt on now, he crossed the way and I seized him and took them out of his pocket, says I, these are silver spoons, you stole them somewhere; I asked him where he got them, he said a man met him between Edmunton and Tting, I says to him you mean between Edmunton and Tottenham; I got a constable and gave charge of him, I have had the spoons ever since, they have never been out of my sight.
Did you know any thing before of Mr. Harris? - No, Sir, he confessed before the constable, and in the morning I went to Mr. Harris.


                  WILLIAM
                   BOX
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, Mr. Taylor brought the prisoner to my house about eight o'clock, they sent for me, I was out, I saw him at my house, I am sure of the prisoner, Taylor shewed me the spoons in the presence of the prisoner; I asked him how he came by them, he said a man gave them to him, I told him that was a blind story; I took him out and asked him going along with him myself, I told him the consequence of it, I told him he would be kept in prison, Sir says he, I will tell you how I came by them, I told him he would be sooner released if he told how he came by them, because that would save the trouble of advertising them, accordingly he told me.
Court. You must not say any thing of what he said after that.
Court to Prosecutor. Can you tell how long they had been missing? - They are examined by the cook every morning at breakfast, the cook is intrusted with a dozen spoons which are called over every morning at breakfast.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went in to clean some knives for Mr. Harris, and these two silver spoons were in the knife box, I put the spoons into my pocket, I next carried in the knives, I did not know I had them in my pocket; I came to town to buy me a pair of shoes.
Mr. Harris. I had employed the prisoner in hay-making.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
