






217. 
               
                  MATHEW, otherwise 
ROBERT 
                  MATHEWS
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MATHEWS
                  , otherwise 
KING




            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of February
, one half guinea, value 10 s. 6 d.
             the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bowen
                  




               
            .

(The witnesses examined separate, at the request of Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel.)


                  JOHN
                   BOWEN
               



             sworn.
I keep the White Hart Tavern in Abchurch-lane




; the prisoner Mathews came to my house yesterday was a week, and asked me for change for a guinea, and a glass of shrub.
Had he given you the guinea at this time? - Yes, the guinea was laying on the counter; I proceeded to count the half-guinea's worth of silver into his hand; he then recollected himself, by putting his hand on his left-hand pocket, and said, I do not want change, I have enough; then as my hand was with my silver and other monies in it, he at that instant returned the money into my hand, and as I suppose -
Mr. Garrow. Do not tell us what you suppose.
Bowen. I had given him the half-guinea and the silver; he threw the money into my hand where my other monies was.
What money did he throw into your hand? - I do not positively swear that he threw the whole of the money into my hand, or that he did not.
At the time you returned the half-guinea in silver to him, had you any silver in your hand? - Yes.
Do you know how much more money you had left in your hand? - No.
Had you any silver left in your hand, when you counted the half-guinea to him? - Yes.
How much did you find returned into your hand? - I do not know.
What became of the guinea that was laid down on the counter? - He took the guinea back himself.
Did you say any thing to him when he took his guinea back? - No, nothing; he gave me two-pence for the glass of shrub, and took the guinea back. On Monday the 20th, the two prisoners both came up to me, and Robert asked me for a glass of shrub, and change for a guinea, and laid down a guinea on the counter, and I gave half a guinea into 
               
                  Robert
                   Mathews
               



            's hand, not into King's; I had counted that half-guinea and four, five, or six shillings in silver into his hand, when 
               
                  John
                   Mathews
               



             nudged him on the elbow, and said, you need not change.
Was it John that said, you need not change? - Yes; King called for a glass of shrub, and Mathews nudged him over the shoulder, and he immediately threw the silver into my hand; but I watched him, knowing the manner in which Mathews had served me before: he took the half-guinea between these fingers, and returned the silver back into my hand; that was King, the fat man; he conveyed the half-guinea into his right-hand pocket, and took the guinea off the counter with the other hand. I swear with certainty that he put the half-guinea into this pocket, and I saw his hand brought up afterwards, and he told me he had no half-guinea; I am sure there was no half-guinea then; I swear that I saw him put his hand into his pocket: I had but one guinea and that half-guinea, and some silver, and I knew my half-guinea was not returned. I then called one of my servants, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Read
               



            , and when he came near the bottom of the stairs, I said to King, give me back my half-guinea; he shewed me his hand, and said he had no half-guinea. I then said to 
               
                  Thomas
                   Read
               



            , look at these men; at the same time some gentlemen were in the bar, and I said to him, you scoundrel, give me my half-guinea; he then put his hand into his right-hand pocket, and put down the half-guinea on the bar.
Are you sure the half-guinea he pulled out, and put down on the bar, was your half-guinea? - I cannot swear that was the half-guinea I gave to him, for he might have other half-guineas in his pocket, and give me one of them.
Did he say any thing more than that? - Nothing more.
Repeat the words as exactly as you can? - He said, when I asked him for the half-guinea, that he had no half-guinea of mine; he said nothing when he laid down the half-guinea.
Did you charge him at that time with taking your half-guinea? - Nothing at all; at first he shewed me his hands, and said he had no half-guinea, and afterwards when I said, you scoundrel give me the half-guinea, he was so confounded, he could not say a word.
Did the other prisoner do any thing but nudge him? - No.
Did you hear any conversation between them? - No.
They came in together? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow. Just a word or two, that I may not disappoint you: What house do you keep? - The White Hart Tavern in Abchurch-lane.
Did you search the pockets of the man that we have called King to-night? - I do not wish to search any pockets.
Did you? - No.
You do not know then whether he had any other half-guineas? - I do not know that.
How long before you asked for your half-guinea had he put his guinea into his pocket? - I cannot say to minutes, I cannot pretend to say to a minute.
You shall pretend to say; how long was it after he put his guinea into his pocket before he gave you the half-guinea? - The whole time they were at the bar till they were in the custody of the officer, was not more than fifteen minutes.
I am not answered, and I will be answered; I shall ask you, till the Judge commits you, I will repeat it to you, and I will warn you, that I will ask you, till the Judge commits you unless you answer it; how long was it after he put his guinea into his pocket before he gave you the half-guinea? - I think I called my servant five times, and I do not know how long that would take me up; but as soon as he was coming down stairs to the bottom of the stairs, I imagine it might be three minutes.
Did he put the guinea into the same pocket from which he afterwards took the half-guinea? - He did not.
Did you give him the guinea, or did he take it up? - He took it up.
Was not the half-guinea and the silver in the same hand of the prisoner? - Yes.
Have you seen the prisoners since they were committed? - I saw one of them.
Where did you see him? - In the out-room at Newgate.
You went there to see him? - Yes.
To drink with him? - No.
Did not you drink with him? - I did not drink with him; I drank in the same room.
You did go to the gaol? - Yes.
And you did drink in the same room; what liquor was it, wine? - It may be wine.
Then, peradventure, you drank out of the same bottle? - I cannot say I did, or I did not.
Will you swear now that you believe you did not? - I will not swear either way.
Do you mean to swear now positively that you do not know whether you drank out of the same bottle of wine or not? - I do.
Who paid for the wine he drank? - I paid for mine, I paid for some wine, and there was another person there that paid for the other.
You immediately got your half-guinea? - How do you mean; I asked him for it the first time, and he said he had it not; then when my servant came down, I got between him and the door, and he gave it me.
Have you got the guinea? - I never received a guinea from the prisoner; there was a guinea put down upon the bar.
Did he take it back? - He did.
And you took back your silver and your half-guinea? - No, Sir.
Will you swear that? - Yes, Sir; I have swore already that I did not take back my silver and half-guinea.
Have not you the half-guinea now, man? - Yes, after I challenged him.
You have never given him his full change? - No, because he would not allow me to do it.


                  THOMAS
                   READ
               



             sworn.
I am waiter to Mr. Bowen. On the 20th of February, my master called me down stairs, and he bid me detain the two prisoners; and my master said to King, now give me the half-guinea, you scoundrel, and he pulled out half a guinea from his pocket, and put it on the bar.
Did you hear him say any thing at all? - I did not; then my master sent for a constable, and detained him.
Did you hear your master ask him for it? - I did.
Did you hear him say any thing upon that? - I did not.
Did you hear any conversation between your master and him before you came down? - I did not.
Now recollect yourself whether King said any thing upon this occasion at all? - I did not hear him.
Did he make no reply to that you scoundrel give me my half-guinea? - I cannot say that he did.
If he had said any thing, should you have heard it? - I cannot say whether he might not deny it.
Can you say he did? - I cannot.
Did you hear any conversation between these two men, King and the other? - I did not.
Not at all? - No; he was very much confounded.
Did you examine either of them? - I did not.
Prisoner. My guinea lay on the bar a moment after the prosecutor had my half-guinea; he says he never had my guinea in his hand, but he took it in his hand, and what made me give him the change, he said he could not conveniently spare the change, or else I should have taken it.
Mr. Garrow submitted that there was no case against Mathews to go to the jury: The Court over-ruled his objection.
Court to Prosecutor. You went to Newgate? - I did.
How came you to go to Newgate, to speak to either of the prisoners? - The reason was this, an old woman of seventy years of age, with another woman, and three or four children, came to my house.
Was it in consequence of any other application from any other person? - Yes.
You swear that positively? - Yes.


                  ADAM
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
I live in Chandols-street, Covent-Garden, a peruke maker, and ha ir dresser, I am a house keeper; I know King, he belongs to the Free Mason's Lodge, a good Mason cannot be a bad man.
What is his character? - A very honest man, he is a printer by profession, he bears an extraordinary good character as a man as well as a mason; I have known him between three and four years, to the best of my knowledge, he has three or four children, he lives in Sutton-street.
For these last three or four years, has he followed that business as a printer? - Yes, both master and journeyman, I employed him to do my business for me.
The prisoners each called two more witnesses, who gave them a very good character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
