





54. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Brougham
                        




                     
                   on the 24th of October
 last, about the hour of nine in the forenoon; no person being therein, and stealing one gun, value 20 s: one pair of men's shoes, value 1 s. one pair of base metal buckles, value 6 d. and one pen-knife, value 1 d. the property of the said Stephen
            .


                  STEPHEN
                   BROUGHAM
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer
, and live in the parish of Enfield


, at a lone house which was broke open in the day time.

- BROUGHAM sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  Stephen
                   Brougham
               



            ; I was the last person that left my house the 24th of October, I locked the door, and secured the windows when I went out; there was in the kitchen, a gun, a pair of leather shoes with wooden soles, a pair of buckles in them, and a pen-knife; I returned in about half an hour, I was the first that came home, and I observed the lock was spoiled, and the windows broken, and somebody had been in; the prisoner was found under my bed, but he got away; he frightened me to death; there is no neighbour near: the shoes are on the prisoner's feet now.
(The gun deposed to.)
Court. Should you know him again? - I believe I should.
Look round and see if you see him. - (Looking at the prisoner) Yes, here he is, I am very sure that is him, very sure I am.


                  WILLIAM
                   EDGE
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came and offered this gun to fell at our shop for 4 s. at Barnet; he came by the backside of the church: I took off the lock of it, and said, my lad you have stolen this gun, he said he brought it from Endfield, then he said he brought it from Edmonton, and then he said he did not know where he brought it from.
Are you sure that is the boy? - I never saw him before, I cannot be certain.


                  JOHN
                   HENNELLS
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner almost half a mile from any house, in the fields, I kept him till the prosecutor came home, then we took him to Endfield cage, and kept him there till Monday morning, then we had him before the Justice, and the Justice committed him to New-prison.


                  JOHN
                   CROUCH
               



             sworn.
He brought the gun to my house, and offered it to sale; I am not certain to the boy, I never saw him before.
PRISONER.
I do not know what to say, I did not meddle with the things.
Court to Jury. By a Statute that passed in the reign of Queen Elizabeth, it is made a capital offence for any person to break and enter a dwelling house in the day time, no person being therein, and stealing to the value of 5 s. this act of parliament was made for the protection of poor labourers, who are obliged to leave their houses, to follow their daily industry.




               GUILTY
            .
Of stealing to the value of 4 s.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
