






113. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     STEVENS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DAY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Phillips
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Gilbert 
                           Harrison
                        



                     
                  , on the 3d day of December
, about the hour of seven in the night, and burglariously stealing therein, three cotton gowns, value 2 l. 12 s. a silk gown, value 1 l. 1 s. a damask table cloth, value 6 s. an apron, value 1 s. a small striped muslin apron, value 1 s. a piece of silver coin, value 4 d. a tea-spoon, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        Gilbert
                         Harrison
                     



.


                  GILBERT
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
I live in Halfmoon-court, Bartholomew-close


, in partnership with 
               
                  Joseph
                   Phillips
               



            ; we have the house between us; I have been married to my wife only two months; I did not know what property my wife had; I was at church at the time the accident happened; I came to my mother-in-law, which was the next door, about a quarter before eight; I did not observe any thing amiss; my wife went home to put the child to bed, and she alarmed me very soon after; she said, for God's sake come home, and she in a hurry pulled to the door, and left the child in the passage; it is a spring-lock; the child opened the door himself; we found the door was unlocked, and the drawers up stairs open and rifled. These things are my property.


                  MARY
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
I went out at seven o'clock, and my house was safe; I double locked my street door; I only went after eight to put my little boy to bed, and when I came home, my street door was shut on the single lock; I left it double locked, I am sure of it; I attended particularly to it; I was the last person in the house; I went up stairs and saw my room door open, and I went back again.
Had you left that room door shut? - Yes, it was locked, I always lock my room door when I go out; I ran and fetched my husband, and when he returned, he found both our bureaus open, and all the things gone mentioned in the indictment; I saw the things that day about half after four.
Were the drawers locked? - No, I found the cotton gown, one silk gown and a table cloth; Mr. Lucas found them.
Mr. Garrow. Who was first taken into custody about this? - A Jew gentleman, and he gave information against somebody else.
Was not a woman of the name of Mason taken up? - Yes.
When you was first before the Justice, were the prisoners there? - Yes.
Who did the Jew first charge? - I can not tell.
Was not Mason taken up for this thing? - Yes.


                  WILLIAM
                   WEAVER
               



             sworn.
I am one of the headboroughs of Clerkenwell parish: on Saturday evening I was informed, and in consequence of that, I called Lucy to my assistance; I went to Saffron-hill, No. 9, to a house kept by a person of the name of Mason; after waiting about the door for ten minutes, we saw Jem Robinson and another man come out of the house; on Mr. Lucy's attempting to seize him, he struck at him and made off; we then got into the house, and found that somebody had got over the wall backwards; we ran to the next door immediately, and got in at that; on going into the yard we found the prisoner 
               
                  George
                   Stevens
               



            , and just where he stood there lay a quantity of wearing apparel; Lucy gathered up the things, and I tied 
               
                  George
                   Stevens
               



            's hands; we then went out of the house, and we no sooner came to the door, but 
               
                  George
                   Stevens
               



             seemed unwilling to go, and I believe he turned to kick me; I begged him to be quiet, at the same time I received a many violent blows which almost rendered me insensible; after receiving the second or third blow, I turned and saw this 
               
                  James
                   Robinson
               



            , I saw him strike; I was overpowered almost with the blows I received, and rendered entirely senseless.
Mr. Garrow. You found Stevens in the yard the next door to Mason's? - Yes.
Who is Mrs. Mason? - I know nothing at all of her, I never saw her before that night; she was taken in custody, not by me, the same night; she was in custody about a week or ten days.


                  JOHN
                   LUCY
               



             sworn.
I went to Mason's house on Saffron-hill; I observed 
               
                  James
                   Robinson
               



             come out, I immediately endeavoured to apprehend him; he struck at me with a large stick and made his escape; I endeavoured to break open the door of Mason's house, but could not effect it; I looked through the key hole, and I saw Mrs. Mason with a large quantity of linen in her arms, going to the back door, and seemingly throwing it up as if into the next yard.
You saw nobody but Mrs. Mason? - No; we knocked at the next door, and after we had done so, about a minute or two the door of Mrs. Mason was opened; I rushed into the back yard; I heard somebody was getting over the wall, I could not see whether it was man or woman; I immediately run to the next door, and I heard a woman cry, lord there is a man in the house! I said to the woman, open the door, we are officers; she immediately opened the door, and I went into the yard, and saw the prisoner Stevens; I seized him, there was a large quantity of property spread about the yard; here is the cuff of a gown the same as one that was lost; I found this tea spoon in the yard afterwards, the prisoner said, he would go very quietly with me; as soon as we came out on Saffron-hill, there were near a dozen of men that struck at Weaver; I saw them knock him down, endeavouring to rescue the prisoner from me, but Stevens did not do that himself; after I had secured him, I put him into New Prison, and searched him; I found in his breeches pocket six guineas and a half; in the cuff of his coat I took out a small piece of coin; I said, George, what is this? he said, it was a threepence; I saw it was a fourpence; I went back to the yard again, and found a picklock key, which key I tried at the prosecutor's door when double locked, and it opened it in the presence of the prosecutor; I then went to the house of Mrs. Mason, and searched and found three gowns and the rest of the things I have here; I took her in custody; and brought the things away; I did not know that a person of that description lived there.
Mr. Garrow. Mrs. Mason was examined before the Magistrate? - Yes.
How long did she continue in custody? - Near a week; six days I believe.
She is now admitted an evidence for the crown I suppose? - Yes; and she attends here.
What did she say about Stevens when she was first examined? - I cannot positively say.
Do not you remember that she said this, that the prisoner Stevens knew nothing about the things that you had found; that she declared on her oath that he was innocent; and that if they should swear to him it would be taking away his life wrongfully? - I do not recollect that; though I would not venture to say she did not; I believe she was up three times; I think she said the first time she did not know how they came there.
At that time she did not say any thing against him? - No.
She was brought up a second time? - Yes, the second time she said, that Stevens was one.
How long had she laid in custody? - Five days.
The Jew gentleman was already a witness? - Yes.
What is his name? - I really do not know; I believe he was admitted to bail last Wednesday.
Had he made no charge against Mrs. Mason? - No, Sir; he knew nothing of her, nor she of him.
Do you know a woman of the name of 
               
                  Lydia
                   Hall
               



             being taken up? - Yes, Sir, she is not here.
Upon whose information was she taken up? - The Jew said, she was present in the room; she was taken in custody and examined and discharged.
Day you apprehended on the description of this honest Jew gentleman? - Yes.


                  JONATHAN
                   REDGRAVE
               



             sworn.
The Monday following the robbery, I was going through Black-boy-alley, and I saw a Jew selling lemons with a bundle; I searched him and found it was a gown.


                  DAVID
                   OTALINI
               



             sworn.
What have you to say about this robbery at Mr. Harrison's house of linen and wearing apparel about a gown? - I was going past Hall's, I saw Day; I asked for the old woman; at the same time I asked her if she had any thing to sell; she said, yes, I have silk a gown by commission; I asked the price; she asked me a guinea; at last I bought it for fourteen shillings.

Was it a new one? - No, not new fashioned.
Was it worth no more? - No more; I buy it to get something by: I opened the door to go about my business, and an officer stopped me; he asked me, what have you there.
(The gown deposed to by Mrs. Harrison.)
Harrison. I have had it about three or four years; I did not buy it new; I gave forty-five shillings for it.
What may the value of it be now? - It is worth two guineas.
Mr. Garrow. How much did you give for that? - Fourteen shillings.
And so then they napped you, and swore they would hang you? - Yes.
And I dare say they will fulfil their prophecy by you one day or other.
(The tea spoon deposed to by Mrs. Harrison.)
Mrs. Harrison. It has my mark upon it; I have another that corresponds to it.
(The other gowns deposed to.)


                  ELIZABETH
                   MASON
               



             sworn.
Are you a married woman? - No.
How came you to buy these things? - These things the prisoners Stevens, and Robinson and Andrews, otherwise Anderson, brought into my house on Sunday se'night, in the evening, about eight o'clock; they brought them to me to buy.
Do you deal in clothes? - Yes.
Do you usually buy and sell clothes on Sunday? - No, my Lord, I did not buy any before, nor I did not buy these, but I should have bought them if I had not been deterred by the officer; for before I could make the bargain the officers came.
Did you happen to ask where they got them? - No.
That would have been a dangerous question I suppose? - I never bought any thing before of them; they have bought things at my shop.
What sort of a shop do you keep? - A clothes shop, otherwise a sale shop.
Mr. Garrow. You deal wonderfully in alias's, how many names have you besides Mason? - No, more.
Have you always told the same story? - I have.
That you swear positively? - Yes.
And that is as true as any thing else you have been saying? - Yes.
I believe they were wicked enough, these officers that disturbed you, to take you to the Justice's? - They took me there; I told the Justice as near as I could.
Then you was examined the second time, and you told him the same story? - Yes.
Now, upon your oath, the first and second time did not you say that Stevens knew nothing of the matter? - I said no such thing; I never swore any such thing neither on the first or second examination.
You know Mr. Lucy? - Yes.
 Lucy She said, if Stevens did not bring them there, she did not know how they came? - I did not say that; I did not know Stevens; I said, that the first time that Stevens was in my house, I did not know that he brought the property.
They did bring it? - I told the Justice that at the first examination.
Court. I shall lay every word that she says out of the case.


                  GEORGE
                   STEVENS
               



            , 


               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .


                  JAMES
                   DAY
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
