





513. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HORNE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously dealing, on the 22d day of June
 last, a saddle, value 30 s. a bridle, value 20 s. a pair of leather breeches, value 20 s. a pair of corderoy ditto, value 3 s. a pair of fustian ditto, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Topham
                  




               
            , Esq
.
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  TIMOTHY
                   BROMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman in Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields


; I know Mr. Topham's stables, I perceived the prisoner come out of the yard under the gate-way; he had not got out of the yard, about five in the morning, on the 22d of June; when I first saw him, I saw a bag on his back; says I my friend I want to speak to you; he came out of the stable, and there were a parcel of labourers, and he came through the people, and put down the bag in the street, and run across the street; I laid hold of his pocket; I took him and searched his pocket, and took out of his pocket a little bag; this is the bag he had on his back; I took him into custody; in the large sack there was a pair of buck-skin breeches, a pair of corderoy ditto, and a stable jacket; (Produces a saddle, and a pair of corderoy breeches): he said he found the things under the gateway; I was in the gateway about three quarters of an hour before, I saw nothing; I went back again to the stable-door and found it shut; I pushed against it and it opened; I found nobody near the door.


                  JOHN
                   HIPPEY
               



             sworn.
I am groom to Captain
 Topham; these are my master's property, they were in the stable when I left it, about half after eight in the evening; I left the door locked with a small padlock which is is here.
(Deposes to the things.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found the things under the gateway.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
