





860. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WALSH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of June
, one silver cream pot, value 20 s. two silver salts, value 24 s. two silver salt shovels, value 2 s. two silver tea spoons, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Andas
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN
                   BLADON
               



             sworn.
I am partner at the London tavern, on Thursday last the two witnesses that are here informed us, they had a person in custody with some of our plate, I went and recollected the prisoner being employed the day before at our house, as extra waiter, and he had been there before.


                  LEVY
                   ABRAHAMS
               



             sworn.
I was in Dukes-place, and the man came to me, and asked me if I would buy any silver; I told him, I could tell him of a person that bought it, it was about ten; o'clock on Thursday, I told him I could not buy it, but I would bring a man that would: I went to the Synagogue, and Mr. Solomons was there, and I fetched him.


                  SOLOMON
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I live in Houndsditch Levy Abrahams came to me in the Synagogue, and told me, there was a person had some silver to sell, and then he shewed him me, says I let me look at it, he said no, not unless I would go with him to a private place, I went with him to a house in Dukes-place, I asked him what silver it was, he said, he would not tell me unless I would tell him the price, he said, he had it at home, I asked him where I lived, he said, he would not me, then I told him it is surprizing you come to offer silver to sell, and not have it about you; no, says he, if you tell me the price, he took one spoon out of his pocket, and I looked upon it, and there was stamped upon it, London tavern, I asked him how he came by it, he said, he found it, he said, he had two more but not here, he would not tell me where he lived, I took out my short staff, says I, I am a city constable, and I insist to know how you came by that spoon, and I took out these two spoons with this cloth, and I took him to the Compter, he begged for me to let him go about his business, and leave the spoons.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had no intent to steal the spoons at all, nor did I steal the spoons, I never offered them for fate at all, I have been waiter ever since I was fourteen years old, and I never lived in a place, nor never waited on a company, but I had spoons in my pocket in the course of the hurry of business of the day; I went down stairs for clean plates, and clean spoons, I brought up fourteen or fifteen, and these three were left in my pocket, which I did not recollect; I have had spoons in my pocket many times, I have even travelled for miles with spoons in my pocket, and have not known it till the next day, nor did I know of these till I awoke in the morning, for after drinking a little drop together we went away; I was coming along to bring them to the London tavern, and I saw this man, and I was joking with him, and pulled out one of the spoons, he immediately tapped me over the shoulders, and called for a glass of peppermint, I said to the person that was with me, we will see what he has to say; I told him, I did not mean to sell them, and he immediately laid hold of me, I was coming from Tooley-street, the house where I lived, in order to go to the London tavern, but I had occasion to go to the Minories, I was in company with a relation of my own, who is not here to speak for me, I have no body at all for my character.
What place did you call at in the Minories, in your way from Tooley-street? - I was waiting for a person that I called on, who keeps a shop the corner of the street.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
