





191. 
               
                  
                     LUKE 
                     HOYLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of January
, six silk handkerchiefs, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Troutbeck
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  CHARLES
                   TROUTBECK
               



             sworn.
I am a haberdasher
 in Holborn


, I lost six silk handkerchiefs last Thursday evening about six o'clock, my young man came into the parlour, and told me, he had detected a shoplifter, the prisoner was then standing by the side of the compter care lessly; as we advanced towards him, my man said that is him, there were two or three people in the shop, the prisoner upon hearing this took the handkerchiefs, which he had under his great coat and threw them on the compter, they were in my shop, they are my goods.
(The handkerchiefs produced and deposed to.)

Jury. Did you see them under his great coat? - I cannot pretend to swear this is the piece that he drew from under his great coat; I could not distinguish the colours; I saw him drawn a piece of handkerchief from under his great coat; he begged very hard for mercy when we took him, and offered to pay for the handkerchiefs before he came out of the shop.


                  SAMUEL
                   LANDER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the prosecutor, I know the prisoner, I remember his coming to my master's stop last Thursday evening, he came in for two yards of tape, I served him with that, and he went out of the shop; the silk handkerchief were laying on the compter when we went out of the shop; he came in the second time for two yards of binding to tie up his boots, then he came and stood close by the handkerchiefs, and while I was turning round to look for something to serve another customer, I missed the handkerchiefs; I did not charge him with then, but I went and told my master I had got a shoplifter, and as my master and I came out of the parlour, I pointed to him, and said, that is the man, and I saw him directly take the silk handkerchiefs from under his coat, and throw them down on the compter.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have not any Council, I have no money to employ them, I know nothing of the goods; my father live in Yorkshire, I did not wish to distress him so as to let him know my situation, knowing myself innocent I thought it unnecessary.
Jury. What employ are you in? - I was with Mr. Cooper two years ago in London, I wrote for him as clerk, then I went down, and staid half a year in the country, and I have not been two months in London.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
