





23. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PARKS
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, twenty-four black lead pencils, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Fourdrinier
                  



               
            , 
               
                  William 
                  Bloxam
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Walker
                  



               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
On the 5th instant, we discovered that four dozen of black lead pencils had been taken out of a glass case in the shop; and I was fearful; they were taken by our own servant
s; I ordered Mr. Langdale, the manufacturer, to send in a parcel that could be sworn to; he sent in a parcel marked S; they were put into the glass case the same evening, and on the 10th there were two dozen missed, one of which were marked with the S; and the others, a dozen that were there before; then when we missed them, my partner and me consulted what we should do; we agreed to send for the prisoner into the compting-house; and when he came in, we challenged him with the crime, and he confessed he had taken them; we sent for an officer, and he was searched, and the pencils taken out of his pocket.


                  CHARLES
                   FOURDRINIER
               



             sworn.
We marked four dozen of pencils in a particular manner, which I examined; I found two dozen deficient, suspecting the prisoner. We immediately suspected the prisoner, and had him searched, and found the two dozen that were deficient in his pocket; one dozen I can swear to positively.
(Produced by the constable, and deposed to by 
               
                  Joshua
                   Langdale
               



            .)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On the 10th of December, the prosecutor had an order to execute for Mrs 
               
                  Ann
                   Clerk
               



            , of Hortford; there were two dozen of pencils in them; I took them out; I was immediately called to do some other business; my fellow servant not knowing that I had the order to make up, took out two other dozen; I was searched, and they were taken out of my bosom, Iwas out three or four times, during the course of the afternoon.
Mr. Fourdrinier. We had such an order, but we did not allow this prisoner to pack goods, except such as were given him by the shopman.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
