





622. 
               
                  
                     ROGER 
                     M'GUIRE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th day of May
 last, twenty callico shirts, value 30 s. and two pair of boots, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Wright
                  




               
            .


                  JONATHAN
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
I am a glover and breeches-maker; on the 18th of May twenty callico shirts were left at my house by a strange boy, as nigh as I can recollect about six in the evening, he said they came from one William in the city; he took away the bag in which they were; the night following the prisoner came, and I asked if he sent any callico shirts the evening before; he said yes, and he desired I would dispose of the shirts, which he had bought at a sale at Margate , at the Custom-house, for he had not time: he changed his name from Roger to William by his mistress's desire; I knew then he was in Mr. Wright's service: I said I would do what was in my power: but I said, could I be safe to sell them as they were smuggled, and he said yes, for they were marked with the Custom-house mark; the next day I took four of the shirts to Mr. Boozey, whom I went to measure for a pair of breeches; and he bought one for seven shillings; I went from there to Mr. French, and he bought three for seventeen shillings, and some to other people; Mr. French came and asked me if I knew who I had them of and I said yes; and he said the things were stolen, and he shewed me the advertisement; then I knew it was the same things, and I went with Mr. French to Mr. Wright's, who owned the property, and the prisoner was taken into custody; there was also four pair of boots; I was to dispose of the boots too; I had no suspicion of him. In consequence of my going to Mr. Wright's the discovery was made; he was in Mr. Wright's service when he was taken into custody; nineteen of the shirts are in Mr. French's custody, and the boots too.


                  VIOLETTA
                   FRENCH
               



             sworn.
Mr. Thomas came to my house to offer the shirts, and would be obliged to me to dispose of some, my husband shewed them to me, and he said seven shillings a piece; I thought some were very coarse; I offered him sixteen shillings for them; my husband paid him seventeen shillings for three of the shirts; and he brought a pair of boots, but he took them back; I bought another fine shirt of him; after dinner I saw the advertisement, and shewed it to my husband, and he went to Mr. Thomas's, and to Mr. Wright's house; these are the first seven that were left in our house, and the rest of the property.


                  JONATHAN
                   BROCKLEBANK
               



             sworn.
I produce twelve shirts, which I had at Mr. Thomas's house, I believe Mrs. Thomas gave them me; Mr. Thomas and Mr. French were present; they have been in Mrs. French's possession; I delivered them to her at the Justice's; they are the same I had of 
               
                  Thomas
                   French
               



            ; I delivered him the same I received at the office, there were some old boots, which were delivered to Mr. Wright, and a pair of new ones.


                  JOHN
                   COUDER
               



             sworn.


                  William
               


             the prisoner came and called me, and told me he had a job for me, there was a direction on the bundle, I went and left the bundle at 
               
                  Eleanor
                   Thomas
               



            's, which I am sure I received of the prisoner, and she desired me to carry them to her brother.


                  THOMAS
                   BOOZEY
               



             sworn.
This is the shirt I bought of Mr. Thomas, I am sure it is the same.
(The shirts produced and deposed to.)
Brocklebank. I had the boots from Mr. Thomas, they were carried to the Rotation-office, and delivered to Mrs. French.
(The things deposed to by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner confessed the fact, no promise was made him.
The prisoner called six witnesses who all gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
