





180. 
               
                  
                     SARAH
                   the wife
 of 
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of January
, a silver watch, value 30 s. a steel chain, value 2 s. three stone seals, value 2 s. and a steel watch key, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Appleby
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  WILLIAM
                   APPLEBY
               



             sworn.
I am a seaman
; on Wednesday the 23d of January, I was going from Holborn between eleven and twelve o'clock at night,the prisoner was standing at a door between two shop windows; as I came past her, she stopped me and begged for charity; I stopped and spoke to her, and she asked me to go and see her poor distressed lodging; I went with her, and gave her six-pence out of charity; I sat down by the fire-side, we sent out for a pot of beer; soon after she came and sat down upon my knee, she put one hand into my pocket, and took the money out, which was some silver and some halfpence; I laid hold of her hand and she dropped it; I looked for my watch, and it was gone.
What watch was it? - A silver watch with a steel chain; I asked for my watch, she abused me, and said, I was not worth a watch; she and another girl that was in the room, then shut me out into the street; I called the watchman, and he made them open the door, and took her to the watch-house; my watch was found at Mr. Fleming's a pawnbroker's, in Drury-lane; his young man is here.
How soon after you lost it? - About a fortnight.
ANN M'GEE sworn.
I have known Mr. and Mrs. Jones almost three years, I live in the same house.
What is your husband? - He is under sentence of transportation for robbing a waggon; I pawned the watch by the desire of the prisoner's husband.
Did Jones live in the house at this time with his wife? - Yes.
What sort of a watch was it? - A silver watch with a steel chain and three seals; Jones desired me to pawn it, for his wife was in the watch-house, and desired me to take the seals off; I pawned the watch at Mr. Fleming's for sixteen shillings, without the seals; I then went to Mrs. Jones in the watch-house, and the prosecutor was there she said he had accused her of robbing him. I was going to give her the money, and she said no; I afterwards gave her the money, and the duplicate, and the seals.
Prisoner. Whether she knew any thing of the watch, till after she was brought up to the Justice's? - I gave her the duplicate, and the money, and the seals.
Before she came before the magistrate? - No, after.


                  JOHN
                   BEAMISH
               



             sworn.
I belong to the General Insurance-office, No. 102, Bank-buildings; I went and searched the prisoner's room, and found this chain and seals.
(Producing them.)


                  RICHARD
                   WILLIAMSON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; on Thursday the 24th of January, about ten o'clock in the morning, Ann M'Gee came and brought me this watch; (producing it.) I lent her sixteen shillings upon it; she told me it was her own property.
To M'Gee. Is that the watch you pawned? - I believe it is.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I took the prisoner; I received an information about a fortnight after the robbery, that the watch was pawned at Fleming's; I looked into the night-book, that we have in the watch-house; seeing the charge in the book, I found out where the prosecutor lived; I sent to him, and asked him if he knew his watch; he said yes; I took him to the pawnbroker's, he said that was his watch.
(It was produced in Court, and deposed to by the Prosecutor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The day of the robbery my husband and I had some words, and he went out; I went after him into Holborn, he was in a public-house, I stood at the side of the door; this young man came by, and said it was a cold evening, and treated me to a glass of liquor; she that was in the room with me is not here; it is a malicious affair; he said he had lost his watch, I said he should not go till he had found it; he could not swear to my taking the watch, and I was discharged; about a fortnightafter Treadway took me and my husband, he was discharged.
To Appleby. How many hearings had she before the magistrate? - Three; on the second the watch was produced, and she was committed for further examination about the chain.
When had you last seen the watch before you went into her room? - Not two minutes before I was in her company.
Jury. The prisoner has said you was in company with another woman at the time? - I was not.
Was you sober at that time? - Yes, I had spent my evening with a Mr. Ramsay, a mate of one of the Hudson's Bay Company's ships.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
