





755. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     YEOMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th day of August
 last; one linen frock, value 1 s. one silk ribbon, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Bailley
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   BAILLEY
               



             sworn.
On the 6th of August last, I had my child brought home to me out of the fields, stripped of her frock and sash; I live in Old-street-road; my husband's name is 
               
                  Samuel
                   Bailley
               



            ; the child was five years old the day it was done; she went out without my knowledge with another child near six years old; I never saw the prisoner before; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Elstone
               



             brought the prisoner and the child to me.


                  THOMAS
                   ELSTONE
               



             sworn.
On the 6th of August, I was going along the City-road


 between three and four in the afternoon, and I saw the prisoner in a ditch in a corner, and I stood looking at her; presently I saw her run out of this corner, and two children coming out of the corner; I stopped at a distance; I asked the children what was the matter; this little child was crying; in consequence of what the other child informed me, I pursued the prisoner and overtook her; she ran, and I called to her, but she would not stop; when I charged her she put her hand underneath the bottom of her stays, and gave me the frock; I asked her if she had any more; then she put her hand in her pocket and gave me the sash, and desired me to let her go, and I would not; that was all that passed between us then; I took the children home, the eldest knew her way home.
Did the prisoner tell you who the children were? - No, she would not; I asked her, she did not know them.
(The frock and sash produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was much in liquor, and the children were in the field.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years to Africa
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
