






610. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NOBLE
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COOK
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th day of May
 last, one silk gown, value 20 s. one wooden trunk covered with leather, value 3 s.
             the property of Sir 
               
                  
                     Henry Thomas
                      Gott
                  




               
            , Knt.




                  SIR
                   HENRY
               




                  THOMAS
                   GOTT
               



             sworn.
I sent a trunk directed to Sir 
               
                  Hugh
                   Palliser
               



             , by my own carriage, and by my own servant, who is not here, from Bucks to London.
- EKER sworn.
I am the Greenwich coachman, I took the trunk at Charing-Cross, and tied it dehind the coach; and drove it to Greenwich; it was directed to Sir 
               
                  Hugh
                   Palliser
               



            ; I delivered it to Bright the hostler.
- WRIGHT sworn.
Where did you get the things first? - At Garden-stairs, Greenwich, I was waterman ; the two prisoners came down and called oars, and the two prisoners brought the trunk into the boat, and desired me to row them up to London as fast as I could, for they were going to the Liverpool stage ; and they said, if I rowed hard they would give me something more for my fare; they thought I did not row fast enough ; I put them on shore at Ratcliff-cross , and they took the trunk with them, and put it into a coach.
(The trunk deposed to by Wright.)
It never went out of my sight.
What became of it afterwards? - It was carried up to the office directly the alarm was made of stop thieves; as soon as I heard that I took hold of Mr. Noble by the collar; Master, says I, you have stolen this trunk; he had got up to the coach, and was putting it into a hackney coach, there was but one on the stand, at the same time the people came running up the street, and made the alarm of stop thieves; he was taken directly.
Prosecutor. I nailed the direction on myself, and the direction was torn off.
Coachman. This is the same trunk I received, I know it by the mark; I cannot say I know either of the prisoners, I did not see either of them that day, it was the Wednesday after Whitsuntide, I left the box at Greenwich with the house-keeper 
               
                  Thomas
                   Bright
               



            , he was to carry it to Sir Hugh's.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoners Council. Can you read? - No.


                  CHARLES
                   BOWEN
               



             sworn.
I was at Greenwich, at Garden-stairs, and I saw two men come down with a trunk, I never saw them before, I know them now extremely well.
Do you see them any where? - Not without they are any where nigh hand.
Look about and see if you see them? - I cannot see them.
Are you short sighted? - No, my Lord.
And you cannot see them any where in Court? - No.
Look about? - I believe that is one.
Do you see the other? - Oh! that is the other; he was in an old green coloured coat.
Are you sure these are the men? - These are the two men I am positive of it.
Did you take any notice of the trunk? - Yes, a kind of an old hair trunk, or leather.
Was it smooth leather or hairy? - I had not so quick a sight of it as to know whether it was all hairy or no.

Look at the trunk? - Here is my mark, that I marked upon it in the office before Justice Green and Justice Staples.
Court. That is after they were taken, where were they when you first saw them with the trunk? - The first I saw of them was at Garden-stairs, they put into the boat immediately, and went towards London.


                  JOSEPH
                   MOTT
               



             sworn.
I was standing at Garden stairs head, and the prisoners came down with the trunk and took a pair of oars, and went towards London.
What sort of trunk was it? - It was leathered over and lashed with a cord, there were no directions when I saw it, but there had been a piece of twine where there had been a direction tore off, by the account the people gave, it was the same, we got sight of them as they were crossing the water, and we just got on shore at Ratcliff-cross, as one end of the trunk was in a coach, and the waterman had hold of the other.


                  THOMAS
                   BRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am the hostler at Greenwich, this man gave me that trunk, I said to that prisoner Noble, be so kind to lend me a hand up with this trunk, and the other prisoner was within-side of the bar; and I took the trunk out, and he helped me out with it, and I took it and went away; I took it I belive it might be a dozen yards, I set it down at a shoe-maker's shop , I left it there and ran down for a barrow, when I came with the barrow the trunk was gone.
Whose care did you leave it in? - Nobody's at all, I left it up against the house.
PRISONER NOBLE's DEFENCE.
This trunk was in the highway, I was going to take it to the Custom-house.
Mr. Garrow. Did they give this account when they were taken up? - Yes, Mr. Noble said that immediately when he was taken up.
The prisoner Noble called two witnesses who gave him a good character.
The prisoner Cook called three witnesses who gave him a very good character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
