





33. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GRIFFIN
                  



               
             (a boy) was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November
, ten stone masons steel chissels, value 10 d. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Abbott
                     



                  , a brass cock value 2 d. a case knife, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Drummond
                        



                     
                  , Esq
. an iron bar, value 6 d. belonging to him, and affixed to his dwelling house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   ABBOTT
               



             sworn.
On the 17th of November, about three in the afternoon, I was at work at Mr. Drummond's, in Bedford-square


; I am a stone mason
; I missed some tools, which I had before put in the front area, I found there was but one left, and I saw the prisoner secreted in the vault, with a hat box; I looked in it, and found my tools packed up in it; the hat box was not there when I left my tools there; there was an iron bar which had been fetched out of the next vault, that fastens the coal plate down; there was a brass cock, I took out of his pocket, and two forks and a knife were in the hat box; I asked him who the cock belonged to, and he said his master; we sent for a constable, who took him in custody; he said Mr. Weltjie, the Prince of Wale's house steward, was his uncle; he cried very much to go to his mammy.
(The tools produced and deposed to.)


                  ELEANOR
                   PEASEWOOD
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Drummond: on the 17th of November, about three in the afternoon I heard a noise, and went out, and saw the prisoner in custody of the man; I believe the knife and fork to be my master's.


                  GEORGE
                   NUTTER
               



             sworn.
Confirms the evidence of the first witness - and that the prisoner upon being taken, said, he had got there to prevent being beat by the public-house boy; he said Mr. Weltjie was his father, afterwards he said he was his uncle, and mentioned several confectioners, who, he said, were his relations.


                  Thomas
                   Kardall
               



            . I am a constable, and took the prisoner in custody.
Prisoner. The property belongs to my mother.




               GUILTY. 10 d
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Justice WILSON.
