





773. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROGERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th day of October
, five printed books, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Floyer
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   FLOYER
               



             sworn.
I am a bookseller
 in Chandos-street


; on Monday the 9th of October, I lost three printed books; on the Saturday before, I lost two; they were the Chinese Traveller, two volumes, and three volumes of Addison's Miscellanies; I took the last from the prisoner, in about five minutes after I lost them; about thirty yards from my own house; I believe he had not been in my shop to my knowledge; I saw him take the three last; the window was up; they were in my shop; I pursued him instantly, and I saw him throw them from under his coat; I never lost sight of him; the first volume of each of the sets is marked with the price, in my own handwriting; I have no doubt of the books; I found the two books that I lost first at Justice Hyde's.


                  SAMUEL
                   BRODERICK
               



             sworn.
I am an apothecary; the prosecutor came into my shop, and desired leave to stand behind my door, as he said, he had lost some books; there is only a passage parts our shops; he stood behind the door, and we both of us saw the prisoner take the books; I saw him in custody immediately after; I never saw the inside of the books; they were tied together.
- DORRINGTON sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Mr. Hyde's; I was sent for to take the prisoner, and the prosecutor gave me these three books; they are three volumes of Addison's works. (Produced and deposed to, marked 3 vols. 7 s. 6 d. in the prosecutor's hand writing) The prisoner told me when I had him in custody where he had sold them, and he went with me to find them.
Court. Did you recommend it to him, that it would better for him to tell you? - Yes; I found them at Mr. Johnson's who bought the books.


                  Jeremiah
                   Johnson
               



            , jun. called on his recognizance, and did not appear.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have been about ten weeks from Jamaica; I was bound apprentice there to one 
               
                  John
                   Clark
               



            ; I was sent home for my health, and my money was all gone, and I was very hungry, and stole them for to get money to buy victuals.




               GUILTY Of stealing three books, value 10 d
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


