






789. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRENTWOOD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CHAMBERS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of June
 last, 1100 lb. weight of lead, value 6 l. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Fowles
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a certain building called a shed of the said Benjamin, against the statute
            .
A Second Count charging them for feloniously stealing 8 lb. weight of lead, value 4 l. belonging to the said Benjamin, and then and there affixed to his dwelling house, against the statute.


                  BENJAMIN
                   FOWLES
               



             sworn.
On the 20th of June, I lost some lead, or early in the morning on Tuesday the 21st, the lead was about one thousand one hundred weight, the shed adjoins to the house, it is open, I also lost at another time eight hundred pound weight from the roof of my dwelling house, it was all carried off except one piece or two, that was dropped in the garden, which was taken from the house, I compared that lead that was dropt in the garden, which was taken from the house, I compared that lead that was dropped in the garden, and it fitted; on the 28th the two prisoners were seen taking some lead out of a ditch by the two other witnesses? - it was taken from the flat of the house.


                  WILLIAM
                   MOXON
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter, I was at work upon the premises from which the lead was taken, the prisoners were brought up to me with the lead, I laid it down in several places, and found it matched exactly, another piece of lead was brought immediately after, with the corner cut off five or six inches, which matched exactly.


                  JOSEPH
                   BEST
               



             sworn.
I was at work in the field, and I saw the prisoners and two others go into a ditch belonging to our field, and take out some lead and put it into a sack, and as they were taking it away I stopped them; they threw it down and run away, I ran after them and took two of them, which are the prisoners; I never lost sight of them.


                  RICHARD
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I saw one of the prisoners go along by the ditch to pick up a piece of lead, and put it into a bag, they were both present.
PRISONER BRENTWOOD's DEFENCE.
I saw this lead lay, and I drew it out, I did not know what it was, and in about five minutes afterwards they brought this other prisoner, he was not with me at the time.
Court to Best. Was this ditch near a foot path? - Yes, it was within a hundred yards of the foot path.
The prisoner Brentwood called five witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
