





72. 
               
                  
                     BARTHOLOMEW 
                     BURNE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, one earthen jar, value 5 s. one wicker basket, value 1 s. and twelve gallons of oil, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Wilkins
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   WILKINS
               



             sworn.
I can only prove the property.


                  JOHN
                   OLIVER
               



             sworn.
I was going along Tower-street the 4th of December, between six and seven in the evening, I saw the prisoner standing at the corner of Seething-lane, with a jar of oil on his shoulder, which was broke, and running down his back; he asked a lamplighter to help him down, and he would not; I helped him down, and asked him where he got it from, and he said from the Ticket; I did not know what he meant; I persuaded him to take it back, and then I left him; I went on about two hundred yards, and returned back, and found the prosecutor's porter enquiring after a jar of oil; I assisted in searching for him; I went with another man of Mr. Wilkins's; we found him by the bar of Tower-dock, with the jar; Mr. Wilkins's man and a watchman took him back to Mr. Wilkins's; and me and another took the jar of oil back.


                  MARTIN
                   INGRAM
               



             sworn.
I am a waterman; I assisted in taking the prisoner; he had the jar of oil, and wanted to put it in a cart; he struck the other man that was assisting in taking him.


                  JOHN
                   LONGWELL
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to the prosecutor; I went with 
               
                  John
                   Oliver
               



            , and we brought the prisoner and the oil back, and delivered him to Holmes the constable: I know the jar, because I marked it; it was in the ware-house the same day.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Going along, I met two men on the curb-stones, who asked me to carry this jar of oil to Houndsditch; going along my foot slipt, and I let it fall, and broke the mouth of it; then I asked a lamplighterto assist me to help me down with it; he refused, and then the young man helped me down with it; I never was in a gaol in my life before; I have a wife and three small children; the men wanted to take the oil into a public-house, and I pushed one of them away; I never struck.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
