






816. 
               
                  
                     FARRELL 
                     KEARNON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     KEARNON
                  , alias 
PRICE




            , were indicted, for that 


               they, on the 8th day of October
, did take away, with intent to steal, embezzle, and purloin, one iron frying-pan, value 9 d. a flat-iron, value 6 d. three blankets, value 6 s. a pair of linen sheets, value 5 s. a bed quilt, value 18 d. a copper sauce-pan, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Davis
                        




                     
                  , being furniture, which by contract they were to use in a lodging let to them, against the statute
            .


                  MARTHA
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I live in Little St. Andrews-street, Seven Dials


; I am wife of 
               
                  John
                   Davis
               



            ; the prisoners passed as husband and wife; they took a lodging of me; the woman came first, she said, she had a husband who was a ticket porter; she was to pay me four shillings a week, and to come in the next day; she was to have a ready furnished apartment, every thing except crockery; next day her husband and she came together; they staid till the 8th of October; then they robbed me of every thing in the room but the chairs and tables; they took the things mentioned in the indictment; they were taken into custody.


                  William
                   Aldridge
               



            , - Jordan, 
               
                  William
                   Hudson
               



            , and another, being pawnbrokers, produced the various things deposed to.
PRISONER FARRELL'S DEFENCE.
I know nothing of the things; this woman washed for me, and I came there different times.
PRISONER ELIZABETH'S DEFENCE.
I am a lawful married woman; my husband and me had been parted for the space of three months, and he found me out and persuaded me to pawn these things; this man is quite innocent; I have a sick baby now a dying.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
