





100. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PRICHARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of December
, fifty pounds weight of lead, value 8 s. belonging to 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Ayrton
                     




                  , Esq
; and then and there fixed to a certain building of the said 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Ayrton
                     



                  , against the form of the statute
            .


                  MARY
                   ELIZABETH SILVESTER
               



             sworn.
I heard a noise, and a knocking noise in this house, I looked in the kitchen and saw nothing, about eight in the evening, I went over the way to Mr. Spiers.


                  JOHN
                   SPIERS
               



             sworn.
Mrs. Silvester came over to me, I took a candle and went down and looked all about, I could see nobody, and as I was coming away I turned round and looked up the chimney and saw a man's legs, and I went to the door and called somebody, and while I was at the door some person withinside shut the door, and I found it fastened upon me: Garret and me went round and got over some pales, and looking in a necessary I found the prisoner, we took him into custody, he said he got over the wall with me on hearing the cry of thieves.
Court. You did not see any thing but the man's feet in the chimney? - I saw the whole body except the face.
Was there any fire in the chimney? - No.


                  RICHARD
                   GARRETT
               



             sworn.
I was coming by this house in Berner's-street


, they said there were thieves; when we got over the wall and opened the door we found the prisoner.
Did any body get over the wall at the same time that Mr. Spiers and you did? - Nobody but ourselves.
Are you sure of that? - Yes.
What did the prisoner say? - He said he had nothing about him, and he unbuttoned his breeches, he was standing close up in the corner to hide himself from being seen, he seemed in the posture of hiding himself, he said, going to the Justices, he was no thief.
Did you compare the pieces of pipe that were cut off and laying down on the kitchen floor with the pieces of pipe that lay on the wall? - Yes.
Were his breeches down? - No.


                  THOMAS
                   AYRTON
               



            , Esq; sworn.
My Lord, it is very difficult to swear to property in lead pipes, I can only say, about three months before this happened, I had a quantity of lead pipe put in the kitchen for the convenience of lodgers, when I went on the Saturday after the robbery was committed, the pipe was then gone; I cannot swear to the identical pipe.
Garrett. I saw the pipe entire the day before.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming down Berner's-street, and I saw ten or a dozen men had got into the yard, and I was a fool to get over to see what was the matter, there was a puddle of water, and I stept in the necessary because I would not step in the wet; they said, here is a thief, I said, search me.



               GUILTY
            .
Court to Prisoner. I am very sorry to say that you have been very frequently tried here before, though you are so young, and therefore depend upon it, you will not remain in this country.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
