






427. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARNES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WALTON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of May
, several articles of wearing apparel
            , the propertyof the 
               
trustees of the parish of St. Mary Whitechapel




            .
A second, third, and fourth counts, for stealing the same articles, laid to be the property of different persons.
(The case opened by Mr. Silvester.)
JAMES COFFEE sworn.
I am a watchman in Whitechapel parish, in Wentworth-street; on the night of the 8th of May I was going along, the prisoners followed, they crossed the street, and by the light of my lanthorn, I observed Barnes had something in his breast very bulky, I crossed and asked them what it was; and they said what was it to me; I sprung my rattle, and 
               
                  James
                   Dawson
               



             came, and we stopped them, and took them to the watch-house.


                  JAMES
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I went to the assistance of Coffee, and when I came up, I saw something laying on a block by the prisoners, and I asked if that belonged to the prisoners; and Coffee said it did; I asked the prisoners if it did; and Barnes said it was nothing to me; I said you have got some in your breeches; and he pulled his shirt out and dropped something, and I took it up, and took it to the watch-house, and when we were at the watch-house I found several other things round their bodies, between their shirts and their skins.


                  MARGARET
                   MOSES
               



             sworn.
I was in the work-house, I was washerwoman at the time; these things were in the wash-house, I left them on the Friday evening the 8th of May, at half past eight; I am sure they are the same things.


                  SARAH
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
I am sure these are the things I left in the wash-house at eleven on the Friday night, I bolted the door, and left the window open.


                  ANN
                   DALTON
               



             sworn.
I came in the morning, and the wash-house door was open; these things are the property that was in the wash-house.
PRISONER BARNES's DEFENCE.
We had been to Blackwall on that afternoon, it was late, and coming along the corner of Great Garden-street, we picked up this bundle.
PRISONER WALTON
Made the same defence.


                  JOHN
                   BARNES
               



            , 
               
                  THOMAS
                   WALTON
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
