





406. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     COOK
                  , otherwise 
WRIGHT




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th day of April, 1786
, one silver watch, value 3 l. two stone seals, set in base metal, value 4 s. one brass watch key, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .



                  MICHAEL
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I live in Bentick-street


; I lost a watch on Friday last was a twelvemonth, out of my dwelling-house, out of my back parlour; I saw it there that day, between eleven and twelve in the morning; the prisoner and 
               
                  George
                   Townsend
               



             came to my house to see a lodging, and they afterwards wished to see the conveniences; I took them down to see the front kitchen and the wine cellar; they approved of them both; we had a little conversation about being country men; and after that, to tell you the truth, Sir, this lodging is not for myself, it is for a friend, a Mr. Ridley, a relation of Sir 
               
                  Matthew
                   White
               



             Ridley, a good hearty fellow; says he, we shall call on you to-morrow about this time, and bring him with us; on saying so, I looked on the other side of the chimney-piece where the watch was; the watch was hanging; says he, is there ever a coach-stand in this street; I told him there was; says he, I believe he would like to have the use of your front parlour for one or two mornings in a week; and he asked to see the parlour; I took him out to see the parlour; he approved of it; as we were coming out of the front parlour, I met the prisoner, whom I had left in the back room where the watch was; and they went away and bid me a good morning; I went into the back room again, and there was no watch, the watch was gone; I immediately recollected the watch was there when I went with the other into the front parlour, and left this prisoner in the back parlour.
Court. How long were you and the other in the front parlour? - About three months afterwards, I met the other prisoner; I took him, and he was tried and convicted here, at the sessions following, for stealing this watch, and being connected with the prisoner; I should have taken this man, but he ran into a house and made his escape out of the garret window; I happened since to meet with him.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel. So this extraordinary fact happened on Good Friday, 1786? - Yes.
You immediately went out to pursue them? - I did, and could not find them; I went down to Bow-street, and described the man and the watch; I believe I did.
Have you any doubt about it, because you talk of believing? - I am not sure Sir, I know I went down to Bow-street that same day.
Did you not immediately then of course describe the two men? - Yes, I believe I did give a description of two men; I did give a description.
Was a part of their description, that they were very elegantly dressed? - I do not recollect that; Townsend was very well dressed; this man was not so well dressed.
Upon your oath was not a part of your description that these men were elegantly dressed? - I will not say that, I do not recollect that; I thought they had taken up a great deal of time in shewing the lodging, but they had not taken up much time since they looked at the watch.
In July, you accidentally met with Townsend for the first time? - I did.
No notice of him in consequence of your information from Bow-street? - No, it was accidentally; I fixed on him at a very great risque of my life.
I believe you stumbled on this man too, in the street by accident? - Yes.
Be so good as to state to my Lord and the Jury, what was the first thing you said to him when you met him? - I was going on Dean-street; I thought he was the man, so I passed him and went to the opposite corner of Compton-street, and there I staid and viewed him, then I was sure; he saw me look at him; he immediately walked off to Green-street.
My question is this, did not you say to this man, am I right or am I wrong; is not your name Wright? - No, I said to him, and I laid my hand on my shoulder, how do you do Mr. Wright? says he, my name is Cook; says I, it does not signify what your name is, I believe you are anacquaintance of Mr. Townsend's, and you took an opportunity to take away my watch; he immediately said, he knew nothing about it; he went with me before the Magistrate, but very unwillingly; I was certain, though I said I believed.
Pray, if it is not an impertinent curiosity, may I ask you what way of life you are in? - What way of life! I am employed by the board of navigation in making astronomical and nautical calculations for them.
I rather think you attach yourself more to the study of the stars than mens faces? - That is no business of your's.
I dare say if you had a question about the Georgium Sidus, you could resolve us? - I could tell you a great deal more about the Georgium Sidus than you know. Townsend was was found guilty on my charge, 39 s.


                  MARGARET
                   BOWES
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Taylor; on Good Friday, 1786, the prisoner at the bar and another man, came to our house to look at a lodging; I opened the door and acquainted Mr. Taylor; then I went down stairs, and in a little time after they came down stairs, the prisoner came into the middle kitchen where I was; there are three kitchens.
Are you sure he is the same man? - Yes; I took very particular notice of him; I thought he did not look like a person that wanted a first floor; I am very sure it is him; he was very shabbily dressed, and he said that was a genteel kitchen, and every thing was very pretty and very convenient; I know nothing more.
Mr. Garrow. You thought these two people very impertinent in taking up so much of your master's time? - No.
You thought they did not want a first floor; the other was not shabbily dressed? - Very genteel; this man was not very genteelly dressed.
Have you never said they were both very genteely dressed? - I never said that.
What other servant does Mr. Taylor keep? - He has none but myself; he has a wife.
You are the only servant in the house? - There are other servants besides myself, but not belonging to Mr. Taylor.
How long have you lived in his service? - Almost three years.
You came with him from the North? - No, I did not.
You are the only servant he has? - Yes.
You did not see this man again for a twelve-month? - No.
Did you ever see me come to take a lodging? - No.
Have you had many people come to look for lodging? - No.
How many short of five or six hundred? - Not half a dozen.
Not in three years? - That is not surprising.
It surprises me? - I am not surprised at all; - I am sure it is the man.
Was you as sure to Townsend? - Yes, I was; I swore positively to him.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
