






192. 
               

                        CHARLES 
                        KEELING
                     



                   otherwise MORRISON
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 9th of December
, a silver pint mug, value 4 l. and a silver table-spoon, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Clarke
                        




                     
                  , widow
, in her dwelling-house
            .
(The witnesses examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  ROBERT
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I am waiter to Mrs. Clarke who keeps the Key Tavern, Chandos-street




; on the 9th of December, the prisoner was at our house; at night I carried the mug into his room; about seven o'clock in the morning I found he was gone out of window.
Do you know any thing of the tablespoon? - No.


                  SARAH
                   WICKS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mrs. Clarke.
Do you know any thing of the pint mug or table-spoon? - No; the prisoner came to our house on the 7th of December, and I believe he went the Sunday night, or Monday morning.
To Williams. Did the prisoner pay his bill when he went away? - No.
Did you all go to bed and leave him up? - No, I sat up all night.
Are you sure he owed a bill? - Yes; I paid it myself.
How came you to pay it? - I pay every thing I have of my mistress every day.
Did you ever see him after that? - Yes; at a public-house in Titchfield-street, six weeks after.
Did you tell him any thing about your mistress's property? - No; I told him I had a bill against him.
Who is 
               
                  Maria
                   Fletcher
               



            ? - A lady that was with him when he first came to the house, she is not here, though she was bound over to prosecute as well as I.
(
               
                  Maria
                   Fletcher
               



             was called but not appearing, her recognizance was ordered to be estreated.)
To Williams. Was she in the housewhole time? - Yes; she rang the bell in the morning, and asked if the gentleman was down stairs; 
               
                  Sarah
                   Wicks
               



             answered the bell.
These rooms were open to the servants in the house? - Yes.
How many servants have you? - Six of us in all.
Prisoner. I have a copy of the bill; there is nothing in it that it could be supposed the pint mug could have contained.
To Williams. Is that a copy of the bill you delivered? - I cannot tell, I have the original; (producing it) he had no bill at all delivered to him; this is the bill I made out against him.
Was the brandy in the bill before dinner, or after dinner? - Both; we always put it into one article.
This is a silver tankard? - Yes.
What might the value be? - I have been asked four pounds, and four pounds ten shillings in the shops for one of the same description.
Prisoner. Have you not been paid the bill by any body? - No, I have not; there were two gentlemen, friends of his, called, and took a copy of the bill after he was in custody.
You saw them copy the bil? - Yes; they said it was very odd I let him have so much liquor; I gave them pen, ink, and paper; they copied the bill, and gave it me back again.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I came to this man's house, and when I found myself incapable of paying the bill, I left the house; I left the gentlewoman there that was with me, by her consent; I left the house when I had not sufficient to discharge the bill.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods to the value of 39 s.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
