





290. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     OAKLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of March
, a gold watch, value 10 l. 10 s. a gold watch chain, value 2 l. 2 s. a cornelian seal, set in gold, value 1 l. 1 s. another gold seal, value 10 s. 6 d. another gold seal, value 5 s. and a metal bed-hook, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William John Spearman 
                     Wasey
                  




               
            , Esquire
.


                  WILLIAM
                   JOHN SPEARMAN WASEY
               



            , Esq. sworn.
On the 7th of March I was returning from Pall-Mall, where I dined; I met Mrs. Wynham's servant, who informed me my house had been robbed by the prisoner at the bar, who had lived with me about four months as under footman; I had had a very good character of him from his former master, with whom he had lived some years; when I went home there was a deal of confusion; I missed my watch, which I had left hung up at the bed-head on that day; the prisoner was gone off; there were some tea-spoons missing; I suspectedthe prisoner, and I went to the office, and the prisoner was apprehended at Ryegate the Thursday following; he was brought to my house by the constables, and he himself delivered me the watch, and the tea-spoons; I know the property.
A WITNESS sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Wasey, me and the housemaid were in the kitchen, there was nobody in the house but us and the prisoner; and he took the candle, and went out of the kitchen, and locked and bolted us in; the housemaid got out at the window, and let me out at the kitchen; I called to the prisoner, and he not answering, I called murder and fire! and I heard the street-door open and shut; it was about nine o'clock at night.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of taking it.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
