





681. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COOKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st day of August
 last, one linen gown, value 5 s. two linen shifts, value 6 s. one marseilles petticoat, value 3 s. two linen aprons, value 2 s. one pair of cotton stockings, value 1 d. two linen caps, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Hannah 
                           Watson
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, and three linen aprons, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Sibley
                        



.


                  JOSEPH
                   SIBLEY
               



             sworn.
On Saturday, the 23d of August, these things were missed.


                  HANNAH
                   WATSON
               



             sworn.
I am a servant
, on the 23d of August, about a quarter before twelve at noon, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment to be my property; I went out to fetch a pail of water, and not knowing of staying any time I left the door a jar; I went to the opposite house facing the door up a yard, I returned in the course of ten minutes, when I had set the pail under the cistern to fill, I came to the hatch knowing I had not fastened it, then I saw a man walk to and fro and come up to the door; he looked in at the window, and walked to the next door, came back and made a full stop at the door, I was going to ask him what he wanted, and I saw the prisoner come out of the house, I immediately run over to him, and I saw something under his arm, which I knew to be mine, I cried out stop thief! I attempted to lay hold of him but was not quite near enough, he turned round and threw the things at my head. I am positive to the prisoner
(Part of the things deposed to by 
               
                  Hannah
                   Watson
               



            .)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am not the person she takes me to be, none of my friends are here to day, I was going over the water to see for a little business, and I was coming by at the same time that this was done, and they stopped me and said I was the person, I know myself to be innocent.


                  GEORGE
                   CLACK
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of August last, about a quarter before twelve o'clock Hannah Watson came over to where I work for a pail of water, and she was going out of doors, and I heard her call to somebody, and say, what business have you there, and I then heard her cry, stop thief! and I ran out and I saw the prisoner running away, and I ran after him and laid hold of him, and brought him back; he might be twenty or thirty yards from the house when I first saw him: 
               
                  Hannah
                   Watson
               



             instantly recollected him when I brought him back.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
