





784. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     QUIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th day of October
, two men's hats, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Norville
                  




               
            .
Mrs. NORVILLE sworn.
I live at No. 40, Cornhill


; I believe on the 5th of October, on a Wednesday, I lost two men's hats; I was in a back shop; the door was open, and I saw the back of the prisoner going out; Lawley came in, and I asked him after him; he brought him back, and the hats; they were brought in without any paper, which distinguished them from the others; I gave them to Mr. Norville.


                  SAMUEL
                   ROWLEY
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner in the shop with the hats in his hand; he walked past me; I thought he had bought them till Mrs. Norville called to me to stop the boy, which I did, I took the hats from him and left them on the counter; there were several parcels of hats on the counter.


                  JOHN
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I live opposite Mr. Norville's; I saw the prisoner come out of the shop with the hats; I saw Mr. Norville's man take him; I only saw a parcel of hats.


                  JOHN
                   CROUCH
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I took charge of the prisoner and these two hats, they were on the counter, the prosecutor declared them to be his property, I have had them ever since. (Deposed to by the Prosecutor, marked 6 M. O. A.)
Court. Had you at that time any borrowed hats that were not your own? - No.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming up Cornhill, and a boy was with me, and I saw the two hats laying on the fill of the door, and I went to shew them to the other boy, and they came and called me: I have no friends.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
