






159. The said 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HANNAWAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 30th of December
, one linen sheet, value 3 s. one feather-holster, value 2 s. one iron footman, value 1 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Hilton
                        



                     
                  ; one man's hat, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hilton
                        



                     
                  , parcel of the afore-mentioned goods, for which 
                     
                        John
                         Happy
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Richard
                         Coe
                     



                   were convicted, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  ANN
                   HILTON
               



             sworn.
My house was broke open the 29th of last month.
Was there among the things you lost a linen sheet, bolster, and a footman? - Yes.
Were these things ever found again? - Yes, they were found in a woman's apartment; I was there. They were found the Tuesday after my house was broke open, on the Monday evening, the 29th of last month. They were found up one pair of stairs; the footman was found by the fire, and the bolster about half way under the bed. I do not know where the sheet was found.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday, the 30th, I went, in company with the other officers, to the prisoner's apartment, in a one pair of stairs. We found a man's hat, and a number of other things; among which, Mrs. Hilton owned a sheet. We then hearing of other things, took her to the room: she pointed out the footman and the bolster; but the man's hat and sheet were taken in the morning; Shakeshaft has had them, and has them now. While we were there, there was a knocking at the door; Harper and Lucy went down, and took Happy, and in his pocket I found her cloak, and likewise a waistcoat, which was part of her goods; particularly, I saw a bundle brought in by the other officer, which contained a number of things that had been taken from the prosecutrix's house the night before. They were the same two men that were convicted here; they were taken up in the presence of the prisoner. She was particularly asked who lived there; she said nobody but herself; she said the apartments were her own. And whenever we wanted any thing; we took her out of prison, and let her lock her own door. They desired to have some gin; and the two prisoners and she drank together.
They appeared to know each other? - Very much so. She would give no answer how the things came there.


                  JAMES
                   SHAKESHAFT
               



             sworn.
I went with the other officer; the prisoner opened the door; and the first thing I saw in the room was this sheet: this sheet I packed up with a great many other things that were brought to the magistrate.
(The sheet deposed to.)
Prosecutrix. I have turned the sheet; it was worn on one side. I know the bolster and the footman: the footman was broke; I had it mended; I am clear it is mine.


                  WILLIAM
                   HILTON
               



             sworn.
This is my hat. I bought it in the form of a cocked hat; then I had it put into a round hat.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The lodging is not mine; I unluckily laid there that night. Here is a gentlewoman whose lodging it is. They made me keep the key.


                  MARY
                   HUMPHRIES
               



             sworn.
I live at the Hole-in-the-Wall Passage, Baldwin's-gardens, No. 2.
Court. Now take care what you say. I do not know whether you have been in court, and heard the evidence? - Yes.
Do you know any thing of this apartment where these things were found? - Yes, I do; my husband keeps them; we have the letting of them.
What had the prisoner to with them? -I do not know any thing of her; she was not the woman that came with the shoemaker to take the room; nevertheless, she was frequently there. She was not the person that came with the shoemaker to take my rooms; she lived in the rooms.
Who kept the key? - I do not know; she was up and down.
- WOODCOCK sworn.
I live in Snow's-fields; I take in washing. I have known her upwards of three years; never saw any harm of her. She went out a charing; I employed her often myself.


                  MARGARET
                   RICHARDSON
               



             sworn.
I keep a house in Marybone; my husband is a taylor. I have known her ever since she was a baby; I never knew any harm of her.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
