






170. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th day of December

 last, seven pair of men's leather shoes, value 20 s. four pair of children's leather shoes, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lowry
                  



               
            :
And 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving seven pair of men's leather shoes, value 20 s. and two pair of children's shoes, value 1 s. knowing them to be stolen
            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  THOMAS
                   LOWRY
               



             sworn.
I keep a shoe warehouse
, in King-street, Westminster



; I lost the shoes mentioned in the indictment, and others at different times; the prisoner Ford had been my servant
 about five months; I had missed shoes frequently, and I saw two pair of little children's shoes in his breeches, in his room, and I let them lie till the thief should come and take them; and they were afterwards brought to me by my men.
Mr. Garrow. Did Ford work for you? - Yes.
Is not it usual for men of that stamp to work over work? - It is not usual.
That is because they are not very industrious? - He never did that.
Do not some shoe-makers work over work for themselves? - I imagine so.
When they do so, they sell the over work to the shops? - I have been in the trade above twenty-six years, I never heard of such a thing.
Now has it never happened to you, to know that some men work for themselves, and sell their work to the trade? - Yes, Sir, frequently.
Court. Do you mean to say that it is usual for journeymen that are employed by masters to work at the same time for themselves? - No, I never said so.
Did you ever know an instance of it? - No.
Mr. Garrow. Are there not many hundred men who work without working for a master? - Yes.
And having done so, carry their work and sell it to the shops? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   SANDERS
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker; I work with the prosecutor; I know the prisoner Ford; I remember his working for Mr. Lowry; I often missed shoes out of the shop, but I did not know who took them; on the 18th of December, on a Sunday morning, I was upon business with my master, and he said he had caught a thief, and he had told him he had sold shoes to different people at different places; I went with Ford the prisoner to different places, I think it was Bird's-street



; he went into the shop, says he, here I have sold a great many shoes; I looked round the shop, and took down six pair of men's shoes, my master's property; there were some of the men there at the time, and I sent for a constable; a woman that was in Mr. Davis's shop, rather gave me some little matter of abuse; Davis was there himself, and told me it was his shop, and he kept it.
What sort of a shop was it? - Upon my word I can hardly tell you; it was a shop of every thing, rags, old iron, old shoes, &c. I went back with the constable, and found three pair more, which were nine pair; I found two pair of children's shoes; they were crammed into the window, so that I did not see them before; Davis was there; he went away to get a constable for me for robbing the house as he called it, and I saw no more him, till I saw him the next day before the Justice;I staid there some considerable time, two hours for ought I know; a servant of Davis's took the shoes away by the constable's order; I do not know who she was.
Are you sure they are the same shoes that you saw in the shop? - Yes, I am confident they are; there is my own handwriting on them, which was before the shoes were made; my hand-writing was in a part of the shoe, which was visible to any body; there is a pair of shoes of the name of Robinson; we always write the name of every gentleman's bespoke shoes, and I know the others by different marks; I am quite confident of it.
Did Ford say what you and he were come about? - Ford told me where the shoes were; he said nothing about the price of them before Davis.
What are these shoes worth a pair? - They are different shoes, of different value, I really cannot pretend to say the value of them; those that I marked Robinson, we should have sold for seven shillings as bespoke work.
What would the others have sold for? - I look upon it my master gave fifty or fifty-three shillings a dozen for them, that is about four shillings and sixpence a pair.
What did Ford say he sold them for? - Some he said he sold for two shillings a pair, some for half a crown, some for three shillings; he made a variation of the prizes all the way through.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner Davis's Counsel. Mr. Lowry keeps a very large retail shop? - Yes, he does.
All bespoke work in this town is marked very much in the same way? - Very often.
When it is not bespoke work, I believe it is usual to write the name of the man to whom the work is delivered out? - No, we do not.
When you went to this man's shop, you pitched upon several articles? - Yes.
They were hanging up publicly in the shop? - They were hanging upon nails, and two pair under some rags in the window.
You do not mean to say they were concealed there? - They were under some covering in the window, whether they were concealed or not, it is unknown to me.
Was the window a front window, or a back window? - It was a front window.
Was there writing in the other shoes as well as those of Mr. Robinson's? - No, there are different marks, numbers, &c.
Are these town made shoes? - Some are, and some are country.
Now were any of the marks you found in the shoes disguised or altered at all? - Not to my knowledge.
Look now, and tell me if they are altered? - Not that I directly see.
Then look at them and tell us? - I do not see that they are.
If they had been walked upon for an hour; or rubbed in the kennel, you would not have known them? - No, I do not know that I should.
If the name had been struck through, you would not have known them? - No.
Do you happen to know how long it is since these shoes, particularly Mr. Robinson's, were lost? - That is impossible to say.
Is it within five, six, or seven months? I will answer for it, it is within seven months.
You took the woman to the watch-house? - Yes.
Davis was at large? - Yes.
You do not know how he came there? - No.
Prosecutor. Davis acknowledged to buying all the shoes before the Magistrate, when the Magistrate committed him.
Mr. Garrow. Tell us all that he said about it? - I do not know any thing particular.
Why did not he say that he had no idea they were stolen? - Yes, he did.
Did not he say that he gave a fair price for them? - Yes.

Did not you keep a public house, and serve the office of a thief-taker? - I kept a public house, I never was a thief-taker, I was a constable; I marked them at the bottom with figures: when Davis said he bought them at a fair price, I told him that the man that sold them to him, brought them on the Sunday afternoon, and they were not finished.
Did not he say that the man said he would sell them for the leather, and give him the price? you did not lose all these things at a time? - No, I did not.
Court. Then you had known Davis before? - Yes, I knew him when he lived in Eagle-street, years ago; he is a shoemaker.
Did he say what he gave for these shoes? - He said for some of them he gave four shillings and sixpence a pair, and the man contradicted him.
Mr. Garrow. Suppose I was a distressed shoe-maker, I must sell my shoes; it is as much as they are worth, if a man was to make a present of his labour? - Yes, it is.
Will you venture to say you do not recollect that he said I am distressed for money, I will let you have them for the value of the leather? - I do not remember that they did say so; they sent for me down, and a woman said if five guineas was an object, it should not be wanted; I said I would prosecute.


                  JOHN
                   GATER
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker; I work for the prosecutor; on the 18th of December, by Mr. Lowry's desire, I stopped the prisoner Ford in the street; and on searching him, I found two pair of shoes on him, one pair under his waistcoat next his shirt, and the other were in his breeches; they were two pair of children's shoes; I took them from him; I was in Davis's shop, but I went to fetch a constable.
Prisoner Ford. I took eight pair, and some I got half a crown a pair for.
Prisoner Davis. Please to ask him who he sold them to, for he never sold them to me.
To Prisoner Ford. Who did you sell them to? - I sold them to that man.
Davis. He never sold them to me except two pair for four shillings and sixpence, and another pair for three shillings and sixpence; my wife had been deceased about sixteen weeks, during the greatest part of that time before her death, I was out of the way of my business, and she conducted it; she died suddenly, and it worked so much on my spirits, that I was out of the way; and other people used to buy and sell, for I could hardly bear the place; I lost a worthy woman, and when I lost her, I lost all: I acknowledge I bought two pair of him; he told me they were his own property; he said he worked for his own customers, and sometimes he made up shoes for the shops; he said he was to have seven shillings for them; I told him I sold second hand, as well as new, so that we must buy them as reasonable as we could, not to under-value them; the first I bought of him was that pair at four shillings and sixpence, and I looked upon them as his own property; I questioned him many times over, and was loth to buy; he desired only the money that the stuff cost, because he was in necessity.


                  ALEXANDER
                   HOLLOWAY
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter; I live in James-street; I have known Davis five or six years; he sells second hand things
; I knew his wife very well, she has been dead about fifteen weeks; she always conducted the business; he used to work, and she managed the shop; since her death, I have seen him frequently, but very little in the business; he was greatly affected by her loss; he was quite melancholy since; he bore a very good character ever since I knew him; I never heard any thing imputed to him before; I take him to be a very honest man; I should think this was done more through simplicity than any thing else.
The prisoner Davis called seven other witnesses, who all gave him a good character.



                  ELEANOR
                   FLEMING
               



             sworn.
I was housekeeper to the prisoner Davis; I lived with him three months; since his wife died, I conducted the business in a good measure; I recollect at first of my coming to Mr. Davis, a man came in with a pair of of shoes to sell; Mr. Davis asked him if they were his, and he said they were, he made them; he asked him, are you a craft? he said yes; then he asked him what he asked for them, he told him seven shillings; he said he could not think of giving him so much; he said he was to have seven shillings if they had fitted, as they misfitted, he must sell them for what he could now, as he was very much distressed; Mr. Davis says, well what is the lowest you can think of taking, for I cannot think of giving you that, I have very little call for such things; he said you must give me what you can afford; Mr. Davis asked me for one shilling, and I gave him one shilling and sixpence; then Davis took four shillings and sixpence, and laid it upon the counter; the man took the money, and laid down the shoes; Mr. Davis hung them upon a nail, and said, there, God knows when I shall get my money for them; they were publicly shewn, they were never covered to my knowledge; there was no disguise or concealment; when Mr. Sanders; and the other came, I was up stairs; they took me to the watch-house; my master went to see for a constable, and some time after he came to me to the watch-house.
During three months that you have known him, has he been a fair dealing honest man, or has he been a receiver of stolen goods? - Sir, I have known him three years; my child has been apprentice to him three years; he was more like a father than a master, and his deceased wife was like a mother.
Court. How came the other shoes into the shop? - I do not know Sir; there was a niece of his was with him for a time; she laid out his money.
Do you know her name? - Yes, 
               
                  Jane
                   Davis
               



            ; he has not been capable of his business one day in a week.
Do you know whether the other prisoner was the man that he bought the shoes of? - I cannot be so sure to his face, as to his voice.


                  JOHN
                   FORD
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  JOHN
                   DAVIS
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Court to Davis. Let me recommend it to you for the future, to take care how you let goods of this sort come into your shop.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
