





230. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CONSTABLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of January
, a linen frock, value 12 d. a printed book, value 6 d. two other printed books, value 12 d. and another printed book, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Wimburn
               




            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Garrow.)
RICHARD WIMBURN sworn.
I am a carpenter
; I live at No. 45, Bell-yard, Temple-bar


; on the 17th of February, at twelve o'clock at noon, my daughter came and told me, there were thieves in the house; I went up stairs, and found the garret door had been burst open; and the prisoner was in the cock-loft; he had dressed himself up in an old brown coat of mine; he made his escape over the houses; he was taken about twenty minutes afterwards, at a music-shop, at the top of the house; I lost these books, (producing them) and a smock-frock; he acknowledged being in my garrow, and taking his browsers, and lying upon them as a bed.
Where were these books? - In the garret; I found them in the cock-loft, the door of which had been burst open.


                  HENRY
                   PROSSAR
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner about twelve o'clock on Sunday noon, in the cock-loft belonging to the music-shop; he had nothing on but his breeches, shirt and stockings; he owned taking the frock and a coat out of the garret, but he would not tell me what he did with them.


                  GEORGE
                   MARGESON
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; on the Saturday night I was on my duty, there was an alarm, that there were thieves in Mr. Homerton's house, the pastry-cook's; I went up to the garret, where the lad was going to bed; the prisoner was gone then, and the lad was after him; under the bed, I found a hat, a pair of trowsers, and a bayonet; there was a pursuit over the tops of the houses, but he got away for that night; on the Sunday morning, I hunted for him upon the tops of the houses, from between nine and ten o'clock, till he was taken.


                  JAMES
                   NASH
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to Mr. Homerton; on Saturday night, the 16th of February, I was going to bed about half after eleven o'clock, going up the garret stairs, I heard a noise, I could not tell whether it was in my room, or in the room below;I went up, and every thing was still; I was going to sit down, and I heard something of a noise at my feet; I looked under the bed with a candle, and there was the prisoner with a bayonet in his hand, lying along upon his side; I ran down stairs immediately and gave the alarm; the watchman and patrol came up stairs; I went up with them, but he was gone; we took up a pair of trowsers, and a bayonet, and a hat, and brought them down stairs.
There had been alarms of robberies there before? - Yes; I had seen people several times before; he was taken the next day, about twelve o'clock at noon; there was found his jacket and shoes upon the top of the house adjoining.
What sort of noise was it you first heard? - I apprehend it was his getting under the bed.
You had hardly time when you looked under the bed to see what clothes he had on? - Yes, his jacket was off, and his shoes.
To Wimburn. You heard him say something about the smock-frock and the other things in the cock-loft? - Yes; he said, he had slept in my cock-loft, the night prior to his being taken; he said, he never saw the books; that he took the frock to make him a bed to lie on.
Was the garret door locked when you went up? - No; my wife locked it the night before.
The cock-loft is above the garret? - Yes, and the trap-door goes into the garret.
Then why should he open the garret door? - The trap-door comes to the landing-place, not in the garret, but the outside of the garret.


                  RICHARD
                   SWEETING
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Homerton; last Saturday fortnight I had been out; when I came home at night, I found a blue jacket and a pair of shoes upon the top of the adjoining house, and in the pocket, I found twopence halfpenny; the prisoner said, they were his, and begged to have them; this bayonet was our own.
Had it been kept under the boy's bed? - No, it was hanging up.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been two or three days without victuals, and I went up there to see to get some victuals.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
