





185. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STIRLING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of February
, three mahogany boards, containing nine feet, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Cooke
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hall
               



            .


                  JOSEPH
                   COOKE
               



             sworn.
I am a cabinet-maker

, partner with Joseph Hall; the prisoner has worked with me as a sawyer
 near a year and a half; I went to Burton's lodgings, and there I found three mahogany boards; two of them I knew to be mine, about nine feet long, and about twenty inches wide; I knew them by a stain that run through the whole plank, we had the outside piece of the plank at home; when the sawyers are sawing a plank, they cannot saw it through, and they split the boards off at the end; and when the outside plank was laid upon those at Burton's, they matched exactly; afterwards my partner and I went together, and he knew them as well as I.


                  JOHN
                   BURTON
               



             sworn.
I work for Mr. 
               
                  Johnson
               


             a cabinet-maker, Cold Bath-fields; about the 8th of last month, the prisoner came to my master's, and asked him if he wanted to buy any mahogany boards; Mr. Johnson said he did not want them, and asked me to buy them; I went to the prisoner's apartment on the Friday night; I agreed to give him half a guinea a piece for the boards; he said that a cabinet-maker had brought him the boards to saw, and that afterwards he had absconded, and left the boards with him for a debt that he owed him, and that being a bad debt, he had taken them, and wanted to dispose of them; I told my master the story, and he said he had told him the same; the prisoner advertises to cure the scurvy, and I went afterwards for a bottle of his stuff, and then seeing some more boards I suspected he had not come honestly by them; I went to Mr. Cooke and asked him if he had lost any mahogany boards; he came to my lodgings, and knew two of the boards.


                  JOSEPH
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
I am partner with Mr. Cooke; I saw the planks at the last witness's lodgings, and knew two of them to be ours.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
These boards were brought to me by a man who used to work with me; he said, he had them to saw, that he had no convenience to keep them in his yard, and would be obliged to me to let him put them in my yard for that night; I saw him the next morning, and he said, the orders were countermanded; soon afterwards, he called, and told me that the person was gone into the country, and desired me to sell them for him if I could, and he would pay me for my trouble; I went to Mr. Johnson's, he said, he had got a man that might want such a thing, and I sold them to him.
To Mr. Hall. When did you see these boards last? - I cannot say; I did not miss them at all.
(The prisoner called seven witnesses who gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
