





420. 
               
                  DORCAS 
                  TALBOT
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of May
, sixty yards of printed callico, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thwaites
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        John 
                        Fisher
                     



                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   OXENHAM
               



             sworn.
I live with Messrs. Thwaites and Fisher, linen drapers

, the corner of Glasshouse-street and Swallow-street


; on the 20th of May the prisoner came to our shop, I was engaged and did not observe her go out, but I saw Mr. Lockyer, a fellow servant, go out in seeming haste.
Did you know her before? - Yes, she lived in the neighbourhood.
Who was in the shop besides you and Mr. Lockyer? - Mr. Fisher was in the shop, and I believe all the servants were in the shop, but I am not certain; I went out after Mr. Lockyer, and saw the prisoner in Swallow-street, a few yards from the shop; Mr. Lockyer stood by her, and I believe had hold of her, her face was towards me, she was in the attitude of returning; I saw the callico hanging below her cloak, so far below it as to discover the pattern of it; I took it from her, and conducted her back to the shop, she begged to be let go, and in the evening we took her to the watch-house.


                  THOMAS
                   LOCKYER
               



             sworn.
I was serving some customers, one of them said she thought the prisoner had taken something away, I went after her, and Mr. Oxenham followed and took the print from her; we brought her back.

(The callico produced in court, and deposed to by Mr. Oxenham.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I make gentlemen's waistcoats; I had been into this shop of an errand, it is where I always dealt for things I want; when I came out of the shop I met a gentleman that I work for, who gave me this callico to make him some waistcoats; these gentlemen came up and said it was their's; the gentleman used to bring me the stuff, and fetch the waistcoats away again when done, so that I neither knew his name nor place of abode.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who had known her from her infancy, and gave her a very good character.
To Oxenham. Did she say any body had given it to her? - No, she entreated to be let go.




               GUILTY of stealing the goods, but not privily
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


