





510. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     NASH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Owen 
                           Pearce
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of nine in the forenoon, on the 26th day of April
 last, no person being therein, and feloniously stealing therein, a cotton bed quilt, value 20 s. three shirts, value 10 s. four pair of cotton stockings, value 2 s. one pair of callimanco slippers, value 3 s. a cloth cloak, value 2 s. and an iron key, value 1 d. his property
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   PEARCE
               



             sworn.
I am wife to 
               
                  Owen
                   Pearce
               



            ; my husband was gone upon guard; my house was broke open about nine in the morning, on the 26th of April; there were people below stairs; the house belongs to 
               
                  John
                   Lee
               



            , who lives in it; and we have lodgings in it; no person was in my lodging; I locked the door and had the key with me; when I returned, I found the door locked, but missed the things in the indictment; they are worth 2 l. when I returned, I met the prisoner on the two pair of stairs with a bundle in her apron; she asked me for some name, I told her to ask below stairs; I was a stranger in the house; I afterwards found two shirts at Mr. Lane's, a pawnbroker's in Drury-lane; they were my husband's.


                  ELIZABETH
                   JEFFERIES
               



             sworn.
I live in the same house with the prisoner; she brought some things to me and said, her husband and she had had some words and desired them to be with me a little; and I gave her leave, and in about an hour afterwards, I heard the officer at the door and I gave them to him; that was the 25th of April.


                  GEORGE
                   MEECHAM
               



             sworn.
Produced the things which were deposed to, which were some of them delivered to him by the prosecutrix and some of them he found at the prisoners lodgings.
The pawn-broker produced two shirts that were pledged by the prisoner.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
I tried this key in the door of Mrs. Pearce's, and it both locked and unlockedit; in the prisoner's apartments, I found a parcel of duplicates and a dozen more keys.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A woman asked me to pawn the shirts; I am innocent.
GUILTY.




               But not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
