





355. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     CARTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
,one pair of cotton stockings, value 2 s. and one pair of silk stockings, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Somerset
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   SOMERSET
               



             sworn.
I live in Newport street, Leicester-fields


, I am a linen-draper and hosier
; my house was broke open, on Monday the 9th of March, between three and four in the afternoon, I was in the shop, and saw the prisoner and another woman walk past the shop several times; I lifted up a shawl, which hung on a rail before the window, and saw the prisoner and another woman at the window, the window was not open; I heard a noise, and looked and missed two pair of stockings immediately; I believe the glass was cracked before they pushed the piece out; I am sure the piece was not taken out before; I saw the piece in the sash not ten minutes before; I followed them, and overtook them in Gerrard street, Soho; I asked the prisoner to go back with me, for I thought she had stole some stockings out of my window, she said she would, she went back; I immediately sent for a constable, and searched her, we found one pair of stockings upon her.
Was the prisoner out of your sight? - Yes, but I took particular notice of her, as I saw her walk past several times, I can swear she is the same.


                  CHARLES
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody, and in searching her I found these tied stockings underneath her apron, she did not say how she came by them; they have been in my possession ever since.
(Deposed to by the prosecutor by the private mark.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
