





864. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of June
 last, a scarlet cloth cloak, value 3 s. a printed cotton gown, value 10 s. a bonnet, value 12 d. one silk handkerchief, value 12 d. a shift, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alice 
                     Martin
                  




               
            .


                  ALICE
                   MARTIN
               



             sworn.
I am a silk-winder
, the prisoner was my weekly servant
; I found some part of my property in a pawnbroker's shop, where she gave me intelligence.
DAVISON sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; on the 4th of June this property was brought to me, but I cannot say it was the prisoner; I have no recollection of them, it is so long ago; it is a cloth red cloak, I advanced 3 s. upon it; it has been in my possession ever since.


                  MARY
                   GARDINER
               



             sworn.
I work with the prosecutrix as well as the prisoner; I heard the prisoner confess she had pawned the things: my mistress made her no promises or threats; she said, Betty, where are my things; and she said, mistress, I will tell you where they are, and she told her of three different pawnbrokers, where they were pawned.
Prosecutrix. She said, if you do not hurt me, I will tell you where they are; I said, I do not want to hurt you, produce my property; she said, she had pawned them at three different places.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
She told me, if I would tell her where the things were, she would not hurt a hair of my head.
Court to prosecutrix. Did you tell her so? - No such word was mentioned.
Jury. When did she confess it? - The 6th of October when I found her; I did not know where she was.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
