





768. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BARNES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th day of July
, one wooden trunk, value 6 d. one cotton gown, value 15 s. one linen shift, value 4 s. three pair of cotton stockings, value 9 s. one cotton shawl, value 5 s. one silk bonnet, value 2 s. two linen caps, value 2 s. one pair of gloves, value 6 d. one muslin apron, value 2 s. one locket set in gold, value 5 s. one pair of gold ear-rings, value 7 s. one cloth riding habit, value 20 s. and one morocco leather pocketbook, value 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           White
                        




spinster
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mary
                         Oliver
                     



                  , Widow
            .


                  ANN
                   WHITE
               



            , spinster, sworn.
I did live in Eagle-court, White-hart-yard


; I lodged with one 
               
                  Mary
                   Oliver
               



            ; I lost my trunk, and all my linen; all the things contained in the indictment were in it; they were most of them new; she said she sold them.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
I know nothing further, than that I had a warrant to apprehend the prisoner, and I took her into custody, and found the shawl and the pocket-book upon her; it was on the 20th of July.
Court to prosecutrix. When did you lose your property? - On the 19th.
Treadway. The pocket-bok had six duplicates in it; one was of a shawl, and two others of a bonnet and an apron, I found nothing more.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My father is dead, my mother is alive; the woman of this house got me away from them, and made me go out of nights to look for money, and pick up gentlemen, and give the money to her; her name was Oliver; this woman lived there, and she used to dress me up in clothes, and that young woman to go out to look for money, the same as I did; we both lived and lodged in the house, and she promised me these things for some money I got the night before; she used me very ill, and I left her to get a place of service.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
