





244. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARLBONE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, one guinea
            , the money of 
               
                  Abraham 
                  D'Aubant
               




            , Esq.


ABRAHAM D'AUBANT, Esq; sworn.
Some time before the 7th of this present month, I had reason to be convinced that the man at the bar, who was then one of my servants
, had at different times taken money out of my purse when it came into his hands; and on the 7th of the present month, it became necessary to have another evidence as well as myself, to be sure of the man's impropriety of behaviour, and I desired this gentleman to come to my house; I then went into my study with this gentleman, having first unlocked my door, having previously informed him that I meant to make a trial of the prisoner's honesty; I put a purse on my writing table in my study; it contained a certain number of pieces of money; I wrote down a list of the pieces of money, their number, and the kind that they were; and Capt. Demerick, who was with me, did the same thing on a separate piece of paper; the pieces of money were then returned into the purse; the purse carefully drawn and laid on the table; we then left the room, and I locked the door, and put the key into my pocket, which was on a ring with others, and went down with Captain 
               
                  Demerick
               


            , into another apartment; soon after, this prisoner returned from a message where I had sent him, and came into the room where Captain 
               
                  Demerick
               


             and I were: I then gave the keys to the prisoner, and told him to go up into my study and bring down a letter that was sealed laying on the table, and my watch; he took the keys and was absent a few minutes; he then came down, and brought the keys, the watch, the letter, and the purse in his hands.
Had you told him to bring the purse? - No, I do not think I did; I do not remember I did; but it was very usual whenever he saw my purse laying any where to bring it to me; I desired him to turn the money out of the purse on the table, and count the money; Captain 
               
                  Demerick
               


             was on one side of the table, and myself on the other; the prisoner turned out the money, and there was one guinea deficient.
Now, it will be necessary for you to say what money this purse contained when you left it upon the table? - Yes, my Lord, there were ten guineas, two half guineas, six shillings, and half a crown; I made a memorandum of the money turned out of the purse; I desired the Captain to take notice of the same; I wished not to have an officer in the house; I thought it was very probable the man would struggle; I thought the best way was to take him to the Magistrate's; the carriage was at the door; it was his turn to go behind it; and we went to Covent Garden piazza; and I got out opposite the Bedford Head coffee-house, and I desired the servants to wait there, and I went with Captain 
               
                  Demerick
               


             to Bow-street; I told Sir Sampson what I have now been relating to the Court, and Sir Sampson sent one of his men for the prisoner, who was waiting with the carriage; the prisoner came to Sir Sampson's, and my information was read to him: Sir Sampson desired him to empty his pockets before him; he emptied the pocket on his left side, and there was I think half a guinea,and a small piece of silver in that pocket; Sir Sampson Wright then asked him where the guinea was that he had taken from me; the prisoner then put his hand into his right hand waistcoat pocket, and he took out a guinea which he put on the table before Sir Sampson Wright; Sir Sampson asked him if that was the guinea he had taken from me.
Court. In the first place, I ought to ask you, Sir, whether any thing that the prisoner said was reduced into writing by the Magistrate? - The Magistrate reduced what I had said into writing.
But was what the prisoner said reduced into writing before the Magistrate? - There was a clerk employed writing, and I should imagine it was taken down.
Mr. Knapp. The examination is here.
Court. Then we must not receive parol evidence of it; were there any promises made to the prisoner of favour in case he would confess? - I have not the least recollection of any such thing.
Or were there any threats made use of? - No, I am sure there were not.
You are positive as to the number of guineas that were in the purse? - I wrote down their number; I am sure of the number; I presume the paper I wrote it on, is not necessary to produce.
Alderman Watson. Did you entrust this man with your purse, Sir? - Yes, frequently; I had an entire confidence in him; perhaps I am saying more than is necessary; and I wish in that case to be directed; I purchased him in America, and made him a confidential servant; and I cannot say till lately I ever suspected him.
Captain 
               
                  DEMERICK
               


             sworn.
I was applied to by the last witness to come to his house and count some money.
Did you see him produce his purse? - The purse was laying on the desk in the study; I opened it myself and counted the money, and found it contained ten guineas two half guineas, six shillings, and two half crowns; I then replaced the money in the purse and shut it; the Colonel and I went out of the room, and he shut the door, and left the purse on the desk.
Was the door locked afterwards? - Yes, the Colonel locked it; we went into the drawing room, and the Colonel rung for his servant, that is, for the prisoner; the prisoner came, and he desired him to go up into his study, and bring a letter, but I do not believe he mentioned his purse, but he desired him to bring a letter, and some visiting cards; the Colonel gave him the keys of the room, he brought down the letter, and the Colonel's purse; the Colonel told him to empty the money out of the purse which he did, and the prisoner counted nine guineas, two half guineas, six shillings, and half a crown; there was one guinea deficient.
Was any thing said about that deficiency at the time? - No, there was sufficient proof at that time that he had taken the money; I went with the Colonel to Bow-street, where he gave evidence, and the man was apprehended; I then related before Sir Sampson what I have told you, and the prisoner was taken into custody; he produced half a guinea and a sixpence; an examination took place, which was reduced into writing.
How was this purse secured, with strings? - It is a purse that slides; I think a kind of rings; I think it is a green purse. (The purse produced.) That is the purse.


                  CHARLES
                   JEALOUS
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner make that mark to the examination, and Sir Sampson Wright sign it.
Were there any promises or threats made use of? - Not any; he took the guinea voluntarily himself out of his pocket, and laid it down on the desk; and said, it was Colonel D'Aubant's guinea.
(The examination read.)
Middlesex to wit. The examination of 
               
                  John
                   Malbone
               



            . Who says,
"that
"being sent to by his master to fetch a" letter, and his watch, which were in
"the study; he saw a purse belonging to
"his said master laying on the writing
"desk, in the said study; and does acknowledge
"and confess that he did steal
"a guinea out of the said purse; and
"that the guinea now produced is the same
"guinea that he stole as aforesaid."
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am very sorry for it.
Court to Prosecutor. How long has this man lived with you? - I bought him in the year 1779, in America.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
