





100. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  YOUNG
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of December
, ten silver handles for knives and forks, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bolton
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Farley
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Dearey
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   FARLEY
               



             sworn.
I am partner with 
               
                  John
                   Bolton
               



             and 
               
                  Edward
                   Dearey
               



            , we keep the New London Tavern;


 I was sent for on the 13th of December, to Bow-street, where the prisoner was, who had been stopped, and I saw some silver handles for knives and forks; they were marked, they were ours; I cannot say to the day they were lost, I did not miss them before; I went back directly, and found that we had lost fifty-eight knives and forks in less than a month; I am sure what I swear to are ours; I know the prisoner, he is an extra-hand that works at our house; he was there within that month.


                  JOHN
                   HEATHER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Long-acre; on the 13th of December the prisoner came for a coat that was pledged at my house; he asked me if there was a refiner in Long-acre; I told him yes, and that we bought silver 100; the prisoner then offered me these knife handles to sell; I suspected they were stolen; I stopped him, and sent him to Bow-street; he was never out of my custody.
(Deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE read.
"To the Honourable 
               
                  James
                   Adair
               



            , Recorder of the City of London, and Gentlemen of the London Jury.
"My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury.
"With the most profound respect and submission I most humbly crave your indulgence, not having fluency of speech, to express my unhappy situation to this honorable Court; and to say this is the first time I ever stood at the bar of justice; quite confounded at the heinousness of my offence, at this advanced age of sixty years, and with great infirmity of body, I lay myself at your feet; I have a truly unhappy and affectionate wife."
Court. Is there any thing in that defence respecting the charge? - No, nothing.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
