





171. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EDWARDS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th day of December
 last, nineteen pieces of printed callico for womens gowns, containing ninety-nine yards and a quarter, value 23 l. one muslin apron, value 5 s. and one piece of printed callico, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stock
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   SAMUEL BARR
               



             sworn.
I was present at the time of the robbery, I am apprentice to Mr. Stock, on Sunday the 24th of December, between five and six in the evening, a customer came into the shop and I waited upon her, and another came in after this, immediately after this man came in, the other two was in the shop; the prisoner enquired if Mr. James lived there, I replied no, and immediately turned round to ring the bell to give my master notice there was another customer in the shop, in the mean time the goods were missing, I turned round as soon as I had rung and he was gone out of the shop, and missing things off the compter I immediately called after him, I missed nineteen callico gown pieces, five yards and a quarter in each, they had been laying in one bundle, they had been taken out of the window, I cannot say I saw him have the things, because he was in such a position I could not see him have them, I went to the door and a number of people came round the door, and some said he went one way and some another, he got off, and he was taken on the Monday morning, I have never seen him before to my knowledge, he was not five minutes in the shop.
Did he do any more than ask if Mr. James lived there? - I did not see him do any thing, he just came into the shop and touched his hat, and asked if Mr. James lived there, then I turned round to ring the bell, and I turned round again and he was going out of the shop.
Can you undertake from the glimpse you had of this man to swear he was the same person? - No, I cannot.
Were the things ever found again? - No.


                  ELIZABETH
                   BAILEY
               



             sworn.
I went to the prosecutor's shop, and was there when this man came into the shop; another gentlewoman came in after me, and asked for a bit of cloth, and the prisoner came in and asked if Mr. James lived there, and the boy said no, I turned my head and saw him, he was carrying off the piece, he had the piece in his hand before, I think the prisoner is the very same.
Can you undertake to swear positively? - I have no doubt at all, I am very apt to look at a person, it is very foolish of me to do so, I did not see him take the piece, but I saw him removing something away, and going out, I have no doubt but he is the same person.
Prosecutor. The prisoner was taken up on Monday, nothing was found upon him, I lost the goods mentioned in the indictment, I saw them three minutes before.
Prisoner. I know no more of it than a child unborn, I was at a public-house in the same street.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
