






508. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COPE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Richardson
                        




                     
                  , between the hours of twelve and one, in the night of the 11th of June
, and burglariously stealing an iron roasting jack value 7 s. his property
            .
Prisoner. Please my Lord to clear the court, that the evidences may be examined one by one.


                  JAMES
                   RICHARDSON
               



             sworn
I live in Holywell-street, Shoreditch


, I keep a house there; my house was broke open, the night of the 11th of June; I went to bed that night, about half past eleven; I was the last person up, I saw all the doors and windows fast, but I did not see the parlour window fast; in the morning, past 12 o'clock, my maid called me, and I got up and found the back door open; in the morning (I missed nothing, at that time, nor found any body, I went to bed,) I got up at six, I found my window of the kitchen was broke open, and my jack was gone, it was over the mantle-shelf when I went to bed, this window had not been broke, the back door might be left open by the negligence of my servant, but I am quite sure the window was not broke, I cannot say I looked if the jack was there when I went to bed, but I saw it that evening, about 7 o'clock; it was a casement window, the glass was broke, and the casement opened, it was large enough for any person to get in; in the morning it was loosely shoved too, any body might get over the wall into the yard; when I missed the jack it was about 6 o'clock, and I gave information to Armstrong; and on the Saturday, he came and informed me, he had got the jack, but not the people; and about a fortnight after, they apprehended the prisoner, and another man, and I went and saw a jack; there was no particular mark, I think the handle is like that, which I lost; I think I have seen the prisoner come into my yard once for dust.


                  THOMAS
                   ADAMS
               



             sworn.
I was crying 4 o'clock, I am a watchman, and in the Curtain, Shoreditch, near Holywell-mount, I apprehended the prisoner, and another man; the prisoner had a bundle under his arm, they were coming towards Hog lane, from the prosecutor's; I was about a hundred yards off them, I knew them before; they went by my box about a quarter of an hour before, my box is in the Curtain, further from Richardson's than the place where I saw them last; when they came back I pursued them then, and met them at the gate of an inn, but they had nothing with them, then I asked the prisoner what he had been doing; he said he had been easing himself, and went away, I saw them go to the bottom of the street, and stand peeping, to see if I was gone, so I went and searched in the dung-hill, and there I found the jack tied up in a white cloth, when they went into the horse-ride I saw the prisoner have a bundle, but when they came out they had nothing; so I thought I was mistaken; I took the jack home, and gave information at Justice Wilmot's.
Court. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? - Yes.
Now mind you are upon your oath, are you sure the prisoner is the person you saw coming out of the horse ride? - Yes, I am sure he is the man.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
On Friday the 12th of last June, Richardson called upon me, and said he had been robbed; I was informed one Adams had the jack; and I went and found it, and fitted it to the place at Richardson's house, and it fitted it exactly.
Richardson. It had been in the house fifteen months.


                  WILLIAM
                   INNEUX
               



             sworn.
Last Thursday night was three weeks at ten o'clock, I met the prisoner at the Blue-coat Boy, and he told me, theHollywell will do to be robbed, and we went about one, and Cope got over the wall, and let me in, we found nothing in the wash-house, then we agreed to take the jack, which we did, and left it in the skettle ground, till four o'clock, then went back and fetched it away; on coming out of the house we saw the patrol, and we went down the horse ride, and covered it with dung; we went for the jack, and found it was gone.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Please you my Lord, the witness is a very bad man, and don't mind taking my life away, of a farthing.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


