





295. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     HEBERT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of January
, three Italian books, two French books, a German book of Natural History, a Persian manuscript, and a variety of other books, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Hayes
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   HAYES
               



             sworn.
I am a bookseller
 in Oxford-street


, I discharged the prisoner from my service on the 21st of January last.
How long had he lived with you? - From the 6th of September, 1787, to the 21st of January, 1788; he went from me into the service of Edward Jeffery, who is here; upon Sunday the 16th of March, Mr. Jeffery desired me to come to his house, if I wished to inspect the prisoner's boxes, for he had discharged him suddenly.
Jeffery is a bookseller? - He is a bookseller.
Did you look at his box? - His box was opened by himself in the presence of 
               
                  Edward
                   Jeffery
               



            , John Deighton and me.
What books did you find there? - The books mentioned in the indictment were found at several places.
Point out the books you found at each place? - I have mixed them, I can separate them, some of them at least I can swear to.
How do you know which you have found in the box, if you have mixed them? - Only from memory; I am rather at a loss, I must go to the place where I found some others; there was another box at Mess. Elliot and Kays, whose service he went into from Jeffery's, there I found some others of the books.

Can you swear to any you found at Jeffery's? - I cannot.
After you found some books you supposed to be your's in the box at Jeffery's, what did you do? - We went to another bookseller in Russel-court, the prisoner informed us he had sold some books in Russel-court.
Tell us what passed at Jeffery's? - The prisoner was with him, and opened his box, we suspected he had taken others, and asked him what he had done with them.
Was any promise made to him to induce him to confess? - Not a word on that head.
What did he say? - He acknowledged he had sold some books to Mr. Hamilton in Russel-court.
Did he say any thing of any other place? - Yes, he told us there were some books of mine at another bookseller's, Mr. John Cuthell's, in Middle-row, and that there were some at Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Bamfield
               



            's, in Old Round-court, in the Strand.
Any where else? - At his own father's lodgings, but I cannot ascertain the books; I went to Hamilton's, there I found this book entitled, Le Triomphe de l'Amonr.
Did you find any other that you know to be your's? - Hamilton brought this book to me; (Producing it.) I found these four books which I have in my hand at Mr. Cuthell's.
(Producing a Latin, a German, and two Italian books; all of which except the German book, which was a Natural History of Binds, appeared to be wrong described in the indictment.)
Are you sure that German book is your property? - Yes, it has my private mark in it; I make a private mark at the end, and my shopmen copy that mark at the beginning when my catalogue is printed; I don't know whether there is not the name of the person I bought it of in Germany in it, 
               
                  Peter
                   Honeyman
               



            .
Do you know it by that mark? - Yes, any mark has been erased; I found Hervey's Meditations, 2 vol. at Bamfield's, I know them by my shopman's mark at the beginning; I knew it at first sight by the binding and every thing.
Is that duodecimo? - No, it is crown octavo.
I should take it to be duodecimo from the size? - There are eight leaves in the sheet, it is a pot octavo.
Court. That is wrong described in the indictment, it must be laid out of the case: did you find any other book at Bamfield's? - I believe I must let the remainder of the books found there remain, because they were brought to me by Bamfield; at his father's lodgings I found two books which I have here.


                  EDWARD
                   JEFFERY
               



             sworn.
Was you present when Mr. Hayes came to your house? - Yes.
Did you hear the prisoner say any thing about any books to Mr. Hayes? - Yes.
Was there any promise of favour made him? - Only I wrote to him, and desired him to fetch away his box, and said it was probable he would have more favor than he deserved, I found a book of mine in his box, and then sent for Mr. Hayes and Mr. Deighton.
Can you specify any of the books found at your house by Mr. Hayes? - Yes, this book I know it by the title, I saw it taken out of his box, I asked whose it was; he said it was Mr. Hayes's.
Mr. Hayes. That is my property, it is in the indictment, there is my private mark in it, an I and a cross, and an O and a cross.


                  ALEXANDER
                   HAMILTON
               



             sworn.
I bought this book (producing the Triomphe de l' Amour) from the prisoner about five weeks ago, it has my mark in it.
How do you know it is the prisoner you bought it of? - I recollect the circumstances very well; I bought this Persian manuscript also of the prisoner.
Mr. Hayes. This Persian manuscript is my property, I know it by the mark 1 l. 16 s. at the beginning, and by the titleof it; the mark is my shopman's, I know the writing and can swear to it, it was late the property of the Hon. Sir 
               
                  Edward
                   Wortley
               



             Montague.
Were the leaves cut in this manner? - They were, I do not know with what intent.


                  JOHN
                   CUTHELL
               



             sworn.
I had this German book of the prisoner.
(Producing it.)
Do you recollect about what time you had it of him? - It might be three weeks ago, it is less than a month.
(Deposed to by Mr. Hayes.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
When I took the books, I did not take them with a view of making a property of them; I took them to my father's to have the pleasure of reading them, and gave him to understand that I had perquisites, and had bought some of them.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
