





437. 
               
                  AQUILLA 
                  BECK
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of April
 4 s. in monies numbered
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sarton
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
I am sixteen last August, I saw the prisoner stealing silver out of our till, I saw him put his hand in while my hand was in, and I saw the silver in his hand before he could put it in his pocket; he came in for some cheese and another man came in with him, last Wednesday week, the 14th of this month, and they asked me if I sold cheese, I told them yes, and they asked for a pound, and they said something to one another, and the other man went out, then this man wanted some butter, and I weighed it and he chucked down a shilling, and I gave him sixpence, and he desired me to give him a thi ner sixpence for he wanted to mend China with it, and I was going to give him a crooked shilling, and I put it down again, and before I could get my hand out he put his hand in and took out four shillings, and more than that with the crooked shilling among them, there were more than four shillings lost, I am sure of four shillings, I asked him for it and he called me a little rogue and said he had not got it, I asked him for it again, and he said I was a little rogue again, then I called our maid and our lodger, and then I went for the Constable and my master, and then the prisoner pulled out a shilling that was crooked up on one side, then he pulled out about fourteen or fifteen shillings out of his breeches pocket, and this crooked shilling was among them, it is crooked and seems as if it had been hoarded, the Constable has it.
What did not you ask him for all he had? - I did, and he said he had none, and I picked out this shilling from all the rest,
Prisoner. He said before the Justice that I took no more than one.


                  WILLIAM
                   HUMMERSTON
               



             sworn.
I am a Constable, I apprehended the prisoner, and there was this shilling which the boy owned directly.
(The shilling deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I came to this shop for butter, and I gave the lad a shilling, and he gave me a bad sixpence, and I refused it, and he gave me the shilling back again, then he said I had a crooked shilling of his, and I pulled out my silver and he claimed that shilling, and he said before the Alderman I took only one shilling.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
