





754. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SCOTT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 21 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a seafaring man
; I lost a pair of silver buckles, on Wednesday, the 14th of October, in the morning, in Mr. Emanuel's house, Virginia-street


; I lodged there; the prisoner came there, and had a night'slodging; he went the next morning, as he said, to fetch his chest; he slept in the same room, but not in the bed with me; I saw him go out about half after six; another man, who is here, slept in the bed with me; I had my buckles over night; I got up about eight, and my buckles were gone; I never got them again; I went on board the Alexandria, where he said he belonged to; I found he had been paid off a month; and I came to the Black Horse in New Gravel-lane, after him; I took him on that Wednesday night, the 14th, between ten and eleven; I never got my buckles again; I found nothing upon him; as I was taking him to the Justice, he fell on his knees, and owned he sold the buckles to a silversmith in the Minories, for a guinea; I went with my landlord, and the man denied it; then we took the prisoner to the silversmith, and he said he sold them half an hour after; I did not threaten or promise the prisoner; I told him I only wanted my property.


                  WILLIAM
                   EMANUEL
               



             sworn.
This prosecutor lodged with me seven weeks; the prisoner came the 13th, at night; he said he came home in the Alexdria; I said, you know the price is half a guinea a week, and he agreed to take it at that; and he went away the next morning; I never saw him till the night following; and when we took him, he fell on his knees, and begged mercy; I said, I can do nothing; he said, I have sold them to a silversmith, whose name is Prier, in the Minories: I am positive the prosecutor did not promise him at that time; when we took him to the silversmith's, he shewed the place where he put the buckles; the silversmith was not at home.


                  GEORGE
                   FORRESTER
               



             sworn.
I was in the office; he acknowledged before the Justice, that he had made away with fourteen shillings; I took seven shillings from him, which he said was the remainder of the guinea that he sold the buckles for.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I slept in this man's house; there were six of us slept in the room; I know nothing of the buckles; people went out of the room before me; and I left people in the room; and a black man came out of the house, when I went down stairs; when they took me at night, they desired me to drink; they said, if I would tell them where the buckles were, they would let me go.
Court to Smith. Who slept in the room with you? - There is one man here, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Brown
               



            , that slept in the bed with me; and there was a black man that slept in the room; the black man was out of the room, and the prisoner, when I got up.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
