





437. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRIDGWATER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th day of May
, thirty-two pounds of lead, value 3 s. 9 d. belonging to the Right Honourable


                        Welbore 
                        Ellis
                     




                  , and affixed to his garden, against the statute
            .


                  THOMAS
                   CARROLL
               



             sworn.
I am gardener to the prosecutor; there were sundry pieces of lead missed from the garden at Twickenham


; I first missed it on the 26th of May.
Did you see it on the prisoner? - No, I saw it on the 4th of June at Mr. Tolley's shop at Twickenham; I compared it with the cistern, and it corresponded by the nails; I can positively swear to the lead, by some marks I put on it, when the first was missing.


                  RICHARD
                   PENNY
               



             sworn.
I am a smith, the gardener came to my house on Thursday evening last, the 4th of June; he said he had lost some lead, and that he had a suspicion of the person; and we watched three or four nights, we found the prisoner in the cistern; we laid hold of him, and said we had been waitingfor him some time; we took him before the justice.


                  WILLIAM
                   TOLLY
               



             sworn.
I am a grocer; Carrol told me he had lost some lead, and desired I would buy all the lead I could; I bought the lead of Mrs. Coltridge, she keeps a chandler's shop; Carrol examined it; he has had it ever since; he and I compared it to the cistern, and it matched very near.


                  JOSEPH
                   CHALK
               



             sworn.
I am a broker, I am a constable; I took the prisoner into custody; I have had the lead ever since Saturday last, Carrol gave it me.
(Produces the lead.)


                  MARY
                   COLTRIDGE
               



             sworn.
I purchased some lead of the prisoner, last Saturday week, between dinner and tea.
Court. Was that the lead that is produced? - I believe it is, to the best of my knowledge; I sold it to Tolley.
Court to Tolley. Is that the lead? - Yes.
To Carrol. Did you find any thing on him in the cistern? - Yes, a bag and this instrument for cutting it.
PRISONERS' DEFENCE.
I was coming up Back-lane; I found one of the pieces of lead in the dirt, close to Mr. Ellis's garden; I took it to Mr. Tolley's, and the other I found against the wall and took to Mrs. Coltridge's.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
