





731. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
 last, a garnet stone breast buckle, set in gold, value 3 s. a pair of child's shoes, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Gilks
                  




               
            .
DANEL GILKS sworn.
I live near Gun-dock, Wapping


; in July last I lost the things in the indictment; I keep a shoe warehouse and sale shop
; I only speak to the property.


                  RICHARD
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came in to look at some breast buckles, on the 25th of July, about four in the afternoon; I shewed him some breast buckles for half an hour, and he said he did not like any of them; and he gave me half a crown, to take two pence for my trouble, which I did; and I went up stairs for the change, and gave it him; and then when I come to put the breast buckles away, I missed one; I knew what buckle it was; it was a remarkable little garnet stone buckle; I put them on the counter, and took them away on a table, on the side of the counter; I am not quite punctual that it was there, when I shewed him the buckles; I challenged the prisoner with it before he went out of the shop; he denied it; I sent up for my master, and then the prisoner produced the breast buckle, and gave it me; and he said, I gave it him with the change; but I did not; my master gave me the change into my hand, and I gave it immediately into his.
Prosecutor. When I came down stairs the last witness had the breast buckle in his hand, and he said it was given him by the prisoner, whom he taxed with stealing it; I sent for a constable, who searched him; the prisoner had an apron on, and these small pair of shoes were taken out of his breeches; they are mine; I lost such a pair; I know them by the mark within side, a seven and a two; nine pair had been brought in five minutes before, and there were but eight.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been down to Woolwich after a ship, and coming home (I live at Edmonton) I happened to see some breast buckles in this man's window laying for sale; I went in and asked him the price of a silver breast buckle; he said one was eighteen-pence and one was one shilling; I offered him fifteen-pence for one; he said he could nottake it; he went and asked his master, and he came down and said no; he asked me eighteen-pence for the buckle; he called his master, and said he had lost a garnet breast buckle; and I picked it up from the ground and gave it him; the shoes lay the corner of the counter; and as I was unloosing myself, the shoes dropt right down into my breeches.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
