





171. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SYMONDS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of December
 last, one linen oil-cloth umbrella, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dakin
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Dakin, a brass-founder
 and umbrella maker
, No. 4, Long-acre


; on the 2d of December, between three and four a lad came to the door and alarmed us that an umbrella was taken; upon this I went to seek for the person but did not find him, the lad described him rather taller than himself, in a light coat, round hat, and his hair tied behind; on my return home I missed three umbrellas, I saw nothing more that day; on Wednesday the 24th of December, between three and four, as I was going into the parlour, 
               
                  James
                   Carpenter
               



             came into the door, and I saw two men stand looking directly down the shop; on seeing these two men answer to the description I received on Monday, I says to Carpenter, these certainly are the men who took the umbrellas on Monday; upon that he went up stairs, I followed him, I then went up stairs and looked through the bannisters, one stood looking in at one end of the window, and the other at the other, seeing nobody in the shop, nor no person looking at them, the prisoner lifted one off the hooks, I saw him and immediately ran out after him, and turning round the corner he was rather too quick for me, I cried stop thief, he perceived the alarm, and threw it off his shoulder, and he run off, and one 
               
                  Thomas
                   Clapham
               



             laid hold of the prisoner, and I took hold of him and brought him back to the shop, and Carpenter picked up the umbrella; the value of it is seven shillings.


                  JAMES
                   CARPENTER
               



             sworn.
I was present on the 24th, and I saw the prisoner through the bannisters put his hand up and take this umbrella off the hook, I am sure it was him, I saw him throw it down; I assisted in taking him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I picked up the umbrella, I do not dispute but they saw me, they said, stop that fellow, he has stole an umbrella, I dropped it immediately; I have some characters out of doors.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
