





585. 
               
                  
                     AMBROSE 
                     WARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th day of May
, one wooden trunk covered with skin, value 3 s. and three pair of silk stockings, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bigg
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BIGG
               



             sworn.
I had my trunk cut from my post chaise, coming from Kingston about half past eight, in St. Paul's Church-yard


; and the prisoner was afterwards brought by another person, the trunk was fastened on with cords, which appeared to have been cut.


                  WILLIAM
                   BEATHER
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner with a trunk, there was a cry of stop thief, and he threw down the trunk.
Mr. Peatt Prisoner's Counsel. Could you distinguish the prisoner? - Yes, it was not dark, he had a white waistcoat, and a brown coat.
Was there another person taken up with a white waistcoat on? - I do not know, I do not believe there was.
Did the prisoner walk or run? - He walked.
He did not seem very much frightened at the outcry? - No.


                  JOHN
                   CANNADINE
               



             sworn.
About twenty minutes before nine, I heard a great shouting, and saw the prisoner on the south side of St. Paul's Church-yard, with a trunk in his hand, and the post-boy in possession of him.
Mr. Peatt. Was any other person taken up on suspicion of being the person that took this trunk? - No other.
Are you sure of that? - As sure as I am of dying.
Did you ever see the prisoner before? - I think I have, I am not positive.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never was near the trunk, my witnesses are gone.
Court to Prosecutor. Was the trunk that was brought back with the prisoner the same that was on your chaise? - It was.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
