





421. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     FOWLES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th day of March
 last, one silk and cotton gown, value 4 s. one cotton gown, value 10 s. one bed-gown, value 10 s. one stuff petticoat, value 5 s. one black silk cloak, value 20 s. one lawn frock, value 5 s. and one dimity skirt, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Hughes
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I live in Old Gravel-lane


; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment on the 11th of March last, somebody broke into my room, I was out; I went out about half an hour past two, I did not return till half an hour past four; I locked my room, and when I came home the door was open, and a good many people in the room, and the thief was taken up.
RICE EVANS sworn.
About four in the afternoon, on the 11th of March, I went into the yard, it looked into the prosecutor's room, and I saw a person taking some things off the drawers; I gave intelligence, and I pursued her, and caught her, and brought her back, with the things in her apron, quite home to the room; the prisoner dropped the things in the room when she came back, and I gave the things to 
               
                  James
                   Jones
               



            .


                  JAMES
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
(Produces the things, which were deposed to.)
I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner.
- STODDART sworn.
I was in my room, and Mr. Evans came into my passage, and had hold of the prisoner, bringing her back towards his own home; I went to see what was the matter, and these things were laying at the prisoner's feet; when I saw them, I saw something in her lap, but I did not see them drop out of her apron.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I lodged along with the old woman that lives up stairs, and the prosecutor's door was open, and I went in and saw the things were gone, and I went to look for the prosecutrix, to tell her, and they came and took me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
