





124. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMAS
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th day of January
, two silver table-spoons, value 15 s. a tea-spoon, value 1 s. a tablecloth, value 1 s. a towel, value 2 d. an apron, value 1 s. a silk cloak, value 5 s. three hundred copper halfpence, value 12 s. 6 d. one hundred and six farthings, value 4 s. 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Speechley
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   SPEECHLEY
               



             sworn.
I keep a public-house
 in Long Acre


; I have seen the prisoner several times at my house; last Sunday night, I locked my door, and went to bed about twelve, and I left the prisoner and three or four lodgers below stairs; the prisoner lodged occasionally in my house, when he could not get in; hewas to lay there that night; I left him and some others below stairs; I would not go to bed till I heard all the lodgers go up; in the mean time I gave my nephew the key of the beer to serve the customers, and he was down some time, and came up and told me that the bar was broke open; I came down stairs and my spoons were gone; the street door was fast, which made me suspect it must be somebody in the house; I took a candle, and went up in the room where the prisoner slept; he slept with an old man that was his acquaintance, that was between five and six in the morning; when I went up stairs, I told the prisoner I had been robbed; and suspected him; he said, he had been asleep and knew nothing of it; I called up the other lodgers and told them; my nephew called in the watch and told him.


                  THOMAS
                   ELSLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a waterman; I slept to this house with the prisoner; the prisoner was up at twelve as near as I can guess; he told me it was past one; I heard the watch go; he pulled off his clothes and went down again, and came up again about one, or a quarter after; I heard some silver or halfpence rattle, I cannot tell what it was; he went down again, and came up and went to bed; he went down without his shoes.


                  ROBERT
                   ELGAR
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I was called in at six in the morning to this house by the pot-boy; I went in, and stood by the side of the bar door five or ten minutes; the prosecutrix said, her bar door had been broke open, and robbed of two large table-spoons, and a black cloak out of the bar, and her till broke open, and all the halfpence taken out; I went up into the garret, I pulled all the clothes off the bed to find what was lost, and I could find nothing there; I looked under the bed and I saw nothing there; I looked about the room, and could see nothing; I went to an old cradle that stood at one end of the room, and I lifted up a man's coat which is here, there I saw the two table-spoons lay, and the half-pence, and a small tea-spoon; I said to the prisoner, what have you in your pocket? he said, it was a black handkerchief; he took it out, and chucked it over the head of the cradle, and it was the black cloak.
(The things deposed to, except the aprons.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went up to bed to see if my bed-fellow had got any candle; there was a soldier that was quartered in the house, and a coachmaker that lodged in the house; there was no locks to the doors; I went down for a candle, and my candle went out, and I lighted it at the lower room, then I went to bed; in the morning about six, I was going to work, I am a printer by trade, and they came and took me; it was a black handkerchief that I took out of my pocket, not a cloak; I have the black handkerchief round my neck now.
Court. Is the soldier here? - He and the coach-maker were in the room at the time the property was found, which has been produced by the prosecutrix.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Lord Chief Baron.
