





180. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     MOTT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Twyford
                        




                     
                   about the hour of eight in the night, on the 2d of January
, and feloniously stealing therein, two pieces of figured velvet, value 24 s. and two pieces of swan down, value 14 s. the property of the said John
            .


                  JOHN
                   TWYFORD
               



             sworn.
I live in the Strand


, my shop window was broke open about eight o'clock in the evening, on the 2d of January; I was not in the shop at the time, my servant was.
- JONES sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Twyford, the window of my master's shop was broke open on the 2d of January, between the hours of seven and eight; I was in the shop, and the prisoner came to the window, he stood upon his toes and looked over the things in the window, to see, as I imagine, who was in the shop; there was a light in the window, I did not see him at that time attempt to do any thing at the window; about ten minutes after, I saw the prisoner at the window again, and I saw his hands at work, I did not observe any instrument in his hand any more hearing a window crack, I immediately went out, but he was gone, the window was not broke, only cracked at that time; I came into the shop and was in the shop about ten minutes or thereabouts, and I heard somebody rustle and I thought it was some of his accomplices got into the shop, I looked behind the counter, but there was nobody at all there, and presently afterwards I could see the prisoner at the window again; I saw his hands at work, but not to see him take any of the things away, and I heard a piece of the glass of the window drop; I went out immediately, and found that the window was cut and the goods gone; I called my master out and went after the prisoner; I had not gone but a few yards, and he was coming back again.
How do you know him to be the same person? - I saw him three times, the light was in the window, and I am very positive he is the same person; upon his perceiving me he crossed over the way and turned to a window where there was a light in it, on the other side of the street, and he took out his watch and pretended to see what o'clock it was, I looked him in the face and found he was the same person; I took him by the collar and told him he must go with me; he made no hesitation but came with me immediately; when I told he was the person that cut the window, he told me I was mistaken, for there was a person with such another coat, waistcoat, and the same kind of hat just gone by; I told him I did not know him by his coat or waistcoat, but I saw him three times at the window and I was positive to his face; Mr. Twyford went for a constable, and by that time the prisoner was returned to the shop; a man that kept a publick house next door but one, came in and two or three more men with him.
Was any thing found upon him? - Nothing at all.
Was any thing missing out of your shop? - Yes, the things mentioned in the indictment.
Prisoner. My Lord, when I was committed, he swore he missed nothing.
Were they in the window of the shop? - Yes.
Were they in that place where it was broke open? - Yes.
When had you seen them there before? - I had not seen them, Mr. Twyford had.
Mr. Twyford. I saw them in the evening when candles were lighted, they were close under the part of the window that had been broke, the window was broke sufficiently for the things to be taken out; they were of no great bulk, they might have come through the hole made in the window.
Mr. Chetwood Prisoner's council. You mean by the candle light, three or four o'clock? - Yes.
This was near eight? - Yes.
To Jones. He did not offer to run away? - No.
There was nothing found on the prisoner? - No.




               GUILTY Of stealing but not guilty of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
