





413. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     MANLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d day of May
, seven printed bound books, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cadell
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   CADELL
               



             sworn.
Suspecting that I had been robbed for same time past of several bound books, I desired my servants to take the necessary steps to discover the thief.


                  WILLIAM
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Cadell; (Mr. Cadell having frequently missed books, desired me) on Friday the 22d of May, I marked a number of these books which I put on the shelf; I made a point on the following morning, Saturday the 23d, to watch particularly who came into the shop; we had had some cause to suspect that the prisoner was the thief, and we knew, or at least expected he would be there that morning, and the moment he came into the shop, I put myself into a situation to observe all his motions; the prisoner is a journeyman book-binder, and they have often occasion to apply to us to perfect books; when he came into the shop an opportunity was given him, if he was so minded, to take them, by the other person going to the back of the shop; the moment he had opportunity, I saw him take the books off the shelf, put them first in his hat, and then into his pocket; I then went and got him the sheet he desired, and suffered him to go; I followed him in half a minute, he was running, I soon overtook him, and brought him back to the shop; I made him sit down till an officer was fetched, I stood by him all the time; he was then searched, and the books taken out of his pocket, which will be produced by the constable; he had seven volumes, the titles were, four volumes of Pope's Homer, the Triumph of Temper, a single volume of Blair's Geography, and Dr. Gregory's Father's Legacy.


                  ARCHIBALD
                   RUTHWIN
               



             sworn.
(The books produced and deposed to.)

PRISONER.
Every thing is true that the gentleman has spoken; I have nothing to say, I hope for mercy.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.




[Transportation. See summary.]


