





191. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HERVEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 12th of January
, forty-eight pounds weight of lead, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Beek
                        




                     
                  ; the said lead being fixed to two houses belonging to the said Charles
            .



                  CHARLES
                   BEEK
               



             sworn.
I have two houses in Spitalfields


, one of them is an empty house; I know nothing of the robbery.


                  RICHARD
                   COOPER
               



             sworn.
On Saturday, the 12th of January, about half after six in the evening, I took the prisoner in Mr. Beek's empty house; I took him up stairs, and saw the lead rolled up in the first floor; he laid hold of me, and said for God's sake do not tell Mr. Beek! if you do he will transport me.
Did it appear newly cut? - No; they had pulled it off, and rolled it up; I asked him where he had it from? he said, he would shew me; I followed him up stairs; he said, he got out and took the tiles off.
Had you said, it would be better for him to confess it? - No; he asked me to help him put it on again; I said, I would not; it was taken from the gutter between the two houses.
Do they both belong to Mr. Beek? - Yes; the prisoner had worked for my master; he is a bricklayer.


                  JEREMIAH
                   CHURCH
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter; I laid this gutter new a few weeks before.
How much lead was there? - About fifty pounds, it is here; I marked it at the office with a point of a sharp knife.
Was there any mark when you laid it down by which you can swear to it? - Yes, three holes where the holdfasts went in to fasten it to the chimney.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was asked into this house; I went in; before I got up stairs, this man came with a candle, and a man ran down by us, and jumped out of the window; I knew nothing of the lead; I worked for Mr. Beek a great while, he will give me a good character.
Mr. Beek. I cannot say I ever saw any harm of him; I never knew him dishonest.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
