





808. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROWNETT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of September
, two leather bags, value 10 d.
             the property of our Lord 
               
the King




            .
The Indictment opened by Mr. Knowles, and the Case by Mr. Fielding.


                  WILLIAM
                   RICHARDSON
               



             sworn.
I am a sorter to the Post-office.
Do you remember being at the Post-office on the 6th of September? - Yes.
Do you know the little boy at the bar? - Yes.
Did you see him there? - Yes.
What time in the evening? - About six o'clock.

What was his business? - He used to bring up three bags from the Post-office, with letters in them.
From where? - From Wapping; the bags that he was to bring were Lambert's, Saunders's, and Allen's, there were two bags from each office, and a sack that he brought them in, and the number of the letters, with the money on them.
Court. What is the name of the receiving office? - Mr. Allen of Wapping; at six I saw the boy there; he always brought three bags up every evening; be brought but one that evening in the room of three, I took and turned his bag out, and inside were these two bags full of letters, and he delivered me one, which I opened, and took out the letters and the money from that one bag; I then asked him where the other two were that he should have brought with him, and he told me he had but that one.
Did it happen that you took from the boy what he bore? - Yes.
The boy gave you one bag instead of three? - Yes.
What did you do with that one bag? - I opened it, and took out the contents, and put his empty bags with the other empty bags; I then asked him where his other two bags were that he should have brought, and he said he had no more.
What does that one bag from each office contain? - The letters that were not paid, and a post-paid bag, with a small bag that is on the inside, the money is in the inner bag of all.
What ought he to have delivered to you that night? - Three small bags, with money and letters, that is, one from each office, the three larger bags were to have been delivered to the stampers of the office, not to me.
Court. The boy brings the sack to the office, with three bags in them sealed, these are first presented to the Comptroller, who examines the seals, and in his presence they are opened, then they are emptied of the letters which they contain, which are the letters not paid; and the other bags are taken out of them which contain the paid letters and the money; these bags ought to be brought to you, they are sealed also? - It is my duty to see they are brought and sealed, I receive the money and the paid letter.
The boy brought to you but one of those bags? - No.
Which of the offices was that from? - I think it was from Lambert's.
Then he brought none from Allen's or Saunders's? - No, and he said he had no more.
Upon that what did you do? - I searched his bags, the three larger bags, and kept him till Mr. Potts came to the office.
What did you find in these larger bags? - I found these two small bags on the inside of the large bags; the bags each contained letters and money; the money was three shillings and five pence; I gave them to our Comptroller; when I found them I kept the boy till the Comptroller came.
What did the boy say when you found them? - He told me if I would not speak to Mr. Potts he would not do it any more; I asked him what he meant to do with them, he said he did not know; he had them then, he said he would not take the bags any more if I would not tell the Comptroller of him.
Court. Have you any other witnesses? - Only the master of the boy; the boy has acknowledged it to several other people.
Court. You see the chasm.


                  JOSEPH
                   HILL
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Mr. Partin, Solicitor of the Post-office; I attended him at Bow-street several times; last Saturday was a week I went to another man, who was apprehended as an accomplice to the prisoner, he charged the man with first persuading him to rob the Post-office; there was no promise made to him a second time; he went to the Post-office, brought the bag; this man, who was a seaman, cut the bag, and took the money out; the man denied it, but the boy confessed he stole the bag and the letters, and he did not pretend to deny at all that he had frequently done it for the sake of the money.

Where could he have taken these bags from? - From the table of the inland office, after he had emptied the bag he had an opportunity of taking the other bags.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.


                  John
                   Allen
               



             the prisoner's master, and another witness, gave the prisoner a good character.
Who finds the bags? - The Postmaster-general.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
