






270. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BAGE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of April
 last, one cotton counterpane, value 15 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Roper
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Roper
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I am a porter to Mr. Roper, on the 15th of April, I was concealed under a bed, with a carpet before me; I had dreamed the night before, that I should be robbed.
Court. Whose house was it? - It was Mr. Vale's, a builder, in Rathbone-place; at the same time, that I lay under the bed, I observed the prisoner Bage come into the room, take this counterpane off the bed, fold it up, and lay it down again on the bed; he went up into the garret, and finding the doors locked, came down again, tryed the two pair of stairs door, that was locked, looks into the back room again, and walks down stairs into the dining room; the prisoner Brown came up, takes up her upper petticoat, takes this counterpane, folded up as it was off the bedstead, and bedding, and puts it under her petticoat in the stairs; it was upon a field bedstead in a different part of the room from where I was; it was on the other side, I had a view of her; she put down her petticoat, and brushed down her apron, she put her gown through her pocket holes, and walked down stairs.
You did not dream all these circumstances, I suppose the preceeding night? - No, I dreamed, I should be robbed; I found her as soon as I could get from under the bed, she was upon one landing place, and I was upon the other; I asked a footman to fetch a constable, he was so frightened he could not stir; I ran out for a constable, and I met the prisoner, I told her I wanted to see her a good while; the prisoner Bage was coming out, and I seized him also; and took them in the back parlour, Mr. Bage threatened to strike me, I charged her with stealing the counterpane, when I had hold of her, she gave herself a shake, and the counterpane fell down on the floor, I said to Mrs. Brown you have stole a counterpane, she said, she knew nothing of it; I had them apprehended.
Prisoner's Council. What are you? - I am a porter.
You know very well you dreamed of this, had you any body to put you in mind of it; you know Mr. Barew? - No.
Why he was at the sale that day; was any body in the room? - Nobody but Brown and Bage.
Was any body in the parlour at the time they dropped from her? - Nobody that I know of.
Cannot you tell? - Nobody.
Bage attempted to run away? - No, the door was shut.
Had you never seen Mr. Barew there? I do not know him.
Do not you remember a gentleman saying, ah! I have done for you now? - Done for me, no.
No, done for the prisoner? - I cannot say I remember it, I cannot say I ever saw Mr. Barew, I really do not know him: There were people in the house; it was the day before the auction.
There was another man in the house? - Yes.
You did not call for any assistance? - I sent him for a constable.
Who was there besides? - A great many gentlemen's servants, I do not know their names.
Upon your oath? - I can say I know one particular gentleman's servant that was in the room, his name is Joseph.
How could you see if there was a carpet before you? - I had one of the base vallens pinned up on purpose, I had been robbed so often.
You did not know the people before at all? - I cannot say I knew them particularly.
Not particularly? - They were at Mr. Roper's sale once before.
Court. What sale is this? - It was a house hired for the sale of Mr. Vale, by Mr. John and 
               
                  William
                   Roper
               



            , they are auctioneers and brokers; I was there to take care of the goods, that nobody should take any away.
Court. How long had you been under the bed, before these people came up stairs? - Altogether about three hours.
What time did you take your post there? - About eleven o'clock, when we opened the house for public view.
How many rooms were there open? - There were four.
What room was this you was in? - The two pair of stairs back room.
Where were the principal effects? - In all those rooms, divided in different rooms.
Were there beds in the other rooms? - No, there was never a counterpane in either of the rooms that were open.
Court. Now you are fencing, looking forwards to see what I mean I ask you if there were any beds, in the other rooms that were open? - There was a bedstead, a press bedstead shut up, there was besides my own, one in the dining room, and one in the parlour; the fourth room was left vacant by itself, and there was not so much property in that.
Where did you station the other two people? - The one was in the dining room at the china table, he was there to see that nobody took any thing away, the other was in the front parlour.
What time did you begin to open for view that day? - Eleven o'clock.
Prisoner's Council. How came you to make choice of the upper room to put yourself in, perhaps your dream pointed out that particular room? - No, it did not.
Was you to lose a counterpane in particular, did your dream point out a counterpane in particular.
No, I did not dream I should lose that counterpane; I did not dream I should lose any thing in particular; I dreamed I should be robbed; and that I must put a carpet under the bed, but how I could not tell.

Your dream was a little more particular than that, because you were to put yourself under the bed, as well as the carpet; what was the carpet to do? - I told my master, and he said depend upon it you will be robbed.
No doubt of it, to be sure if you had dreamed it; which of your masters? - My master 
               
                  John
                   Roper
               



            , he advised me to take as much care as possibly I could.
I suppose you expected your dream would come true? - I had so often found that it came true.
Oh! your dreams have often came true? - No.
Court. You lost things before without dreaming, therefore this was a particular thing, did you see in your dream, the person that was to rob you? - No, my Lord.
Did you see no large woman? - No, I did not see any large woman.
Had you no guess who the thief would be? - No, I had no guess.
Prisoner's Council. You seem to have some acquaintance with these people I think? - I never had any acquaintance with them, any further than they put about twenty lots of goods into my master's sale, in Queen Ann's-street, which my master sold out of catalogue.
How long before? - I cannot say the particular time, I believe it might be in March.
What did they sell for? - I do not know.
What way had the people been in, do you know Mr. Bage? - When he was before the Justice, my Lord, he called himself a broker.
But perhaps you can tell? - I cannot say I ever saw him in that line of business, before they were brought to Mr. Williams's room, in White Lyon-yard, Oxford-street, for we removed them to Queen-Ann's-street; I do not know what they sold for.
Was the money paid? - I fancy it was, the clerk can tell that.
Was that the only time that you had seen these people? - I did not see them then, not to particularly know them.
Had there been any disputes arisen about these twenty lots? - Not to my knowledge.
Do not you know? - No.
No dispute or uneasiness? - There was uneasiness at that sale, I lost a counterpane there.
Did you say any thing to these people about this counterpane then? - No, my Lord, we had no suspicion.
Was there any other intercourse and business between these people, and you and the Roper's? - Not that I know of.
Was there any disputes subsisting between you and them? - No, my Lord, not that I know of.
Had you any information from any body, that inclined you to watch? - I had no further information but that there was a lusty man and a lusty woman going about thieving things from different sales.
That was the whole of it was it? - The whole that I know.
Had you that information from Barew? - No, my Lord, I had that information from several porters that work at sales.
Had you that information from Barew? - No, my Lord.
Was Barew there? - Not to my knowledge.
When had you seen him last? - I really cannot say that I know Barew, my Lord.


                  THOMAS
                   ASLIN
               



             sworn.
I am a porter, and deal a little for myself, in counterpanes and blankets, and send them to sales, the counterpane I believe to be my property, before I delivered it into the care of Mr. Roper.
Is that the counterpane? - Yes.
Do you know it to be so? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   DEWDEY
               



             sworn.
This is the counterpane that was delivered into the care of Mr. Roper, to be sold by Mr. Aslin, here is an agreement at the corner.
Prisoner's Council. Was you at the house? - About five minutes before.
Did you see Jackson there? - I did not.
How many people were in the house at that time? - There might be a dozen, or not so many, in the rooms that was open; there was some people, I do not know how many.

PRISONER BAGE's DEFENCE.
I went into this house where Mr. Roper's sale was in, not with Mrs. Brown, but a little after her? - I live at No. 8, Union-street, the back of the Middlesex Hospital, she had a stove, but it did not fit the place, I went up one pair of stairs and stayed with the man, getting a catalogue while this dispute happened; and this man had dragged Mrs. Brown into the parlour, the counterpane was far from her at the time when we went in; Oh! says he, I have been put up to this; I laid hold of him, says I, you rascal what business have you with her, says he I shall charge you too; I said, then drive us to Bow-street; there Mr. Addington committed us both; I never was no higher than one pair of stairs; I have no witnesses, there was nobody there.
Have you any friends to speak for your character now? - Yes, my Lord.
The Prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.
PRISONER BROWN's DEFENCE.
I am innocent of the thing that I am charged with, I think the spite is laid to me on account of Mr. Bage, through the Barews; I would be sorry to say an untrue thing, in the condition I am.
Court. What way of life are you in? - I am a mantua-maker, I suppose I work in the best families in London; I was cleared before Justice Buller two months ago, in two hundred pounds, through the Barews; Sir Sampson Wright took his oath that it was a false thing laid against me, and now they have brought this against me.
Court. As you work for so many families, undoubtedly you will establish a very good character? - Most of the ladies that I work for are at their country seats.
The Prisoner called three witnesses who gave her a good character.


                  GEORGE
                   BAGE
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  JANE
                   BROWN
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .
To be 



               confined to hard labour twelve months in the house of correction
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
