





698. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TAYLOR
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of June
, four Holland shirts, value 10 s. three cambrick stocks, value 1 s. two white dimity waistcoats, value 4 s. a linen apron, value 6 d. a linen shirt, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Haynes
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   WADD
               



             sworn.
I am a house-keeper, I saw the prisoner come from the prosecutor's garden, I live about three doors from him; I saw the prisoner on Thursday come through a garden of beans to the garden where the clothes hung, which belonged to the prosecutor, he jumped the ditch with a bundle under his arm, but I cannot say what sort of bundle it was; there was a sence between the two gardens, I did not see him get over.


                  JOSEPH
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner: hearing the try of stop thief! I pursued him, he ran away as hard as he could run; finding he was close pursued, he jumped into Bow-creek, which is twenty-three feet water, and swam over with his clothes on, I stripped and jumped after him, when I came up to him, I told him to stop, he directly put his hand into his pocket and pulled out this knife; I did not hear what he said, the wind was the wrong way, he held it towards me, I cried out stop thief! and 
               
                  Stephen
                   Jones
               



             came up to my assistance, and we took him.
Did you take the bundle from him? - He had no bundle with him.
Was the bundle found? - Yes, we found the bundle.


                  JAMES
                   RALPH
               



             sworn.
I found this bundle in the road, about two hundred yards from the water, these are the things which I found, they were wet when I first took them; they hung up in my room to dry, they have been in my possession ever since, only I left them with the Justice, they have been sealed up ever since.
The things deposed to by Mrs. 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Haines
               



            .
I had them to wash; they are marked E. W.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing about the things.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
