





730. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NOBLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of August
 last, a silver watch, value 40 s. a steel chain, value 6 d. a silver seal, value 8 d. a cornelian seal set in silver, value 6 d. a key, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Knight
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John
                         Kent
                     



.
Mrs. KNIGHT sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Edward
                   Knight
               



            , Cleveland Row


; I live in the house of Mr. Kent; on the 3d of August last, after I was in bed, I heard a knock at the room door; my little girl opened the door, and said, mammy here is Mr. Noble; I said, tell him to come in; he did; and he said, he was very sorry to see me in such a situation; he took my little girl in his arms, who was four years old, and walked up and down with her, and come to the bed side, and asked me if I would have any thing to drink; I said, I cannot swallow my throat is sore; he said, you shall; my little girl went to the closet to get a milk jug; and he gave her some money for a quartern of peppermint; the child went and came back immediately; while she was gone he went from my bed side towards the fire place, to the lower part of the room, I saw him; the watch hung on a hook, on the side of the mantle piece; I was afraid of him, at the same time, for fear he was come on a bad errand; I turned my head round as he went to the mantle piece, and I saw him take the watch off the hook; I said nothing; there wasnobody with me but the two babies; the child just came into the room with this peppermint; the first thing he said was, Nancy, is there any body at the door; there is a man waiting far me; says she, nobody at all; says he, I must make haste, for I am going to Hampstead to work; he poured out a glass of peppermint and drank it, and went out directly; he wished me good bye, for he could stop no longer, he said, he went out and shut the door after him; I said, Nancy, Mr. Noble has taken your daddy's watch; run down and make an alarm; the child went down; and I got out of bed as quick as I possibly could; the child returned immediately and could not find him; I went down stairs and alarmed the house; he could not be found.


                  EDWARD
                   KNIGHT
               



             sworn.
I had broke my arm, and was at the Middlesex Hospital.


                  ANN
                   KNIGHT
               



            .
I am eleven years old.
Can you say your catechism? - Not exactly.
Do you know you must swear true? - Yes.
What will be done to you if you swear false? - Go to the naughty man.
Do you know that you are liable to be punished here in a Court of Justice, if you swear false? - No.
But do you think if I should tell you you are liable to be punished here, if you swear any thing that is false, that you would? - Yes.
Sworn. I know the prisoner, his name is Mr. Noble; I was in the room when my mother was ill in bed; the prisoner came there, it was on a Monday, the 3d of August, about half after twelve in the day; I was in the room when Mr. Noble came in; my mother was in bed just before he came in; my mother was asking me what it was o'clock, I said it wanted but five minutes to twelve; I looked at the watch, which was hanging at the side of the fire place; I can tell what it is o'clock when I look.
Court. Look at that clock? - It wants two minutes to twelve.
Look again; (put her on the table)? - It wants six minutes.
Court. Look at my watch? - It wants a quarter.
Court. Wrong in every instance.
The prisoner knocked at the door; he had a great stick, thicker than my arm, and three horns at the top of it, I opened it; my mother told me to open it; she asked me who it was? I said, Mr. Noble; she told me to tell him to come in, and he came in; and he said, O Christ Mrs. Knight, what a shocking situation you are in; and he asked my mother if she would have any peppermint; and my mother said, she could not touch nothing, if it was ever so; and he said, ever so many wicked words to her, that she should have some, and so he insisted upon it; and so I went and fetched a cream jug out of the closet; and he gave me some money, one shilling, and told me to get a quartern of peppermint; I was not two minutes gone, for I had heard he was so very wicked a man; I was afraid he would kill my mother, or do something wrong.
If you was afraid he would kill your mother, you could not have prevented him? - No, but I was not sure; when I came back he asked me if there was not a man waiting for him; I said, I did not see any body; he said he expected a man, for he was going to Hampstead the next day to do a job; then he said, there was a man waiting at the corner for him; then directly as he drank the peppermint, he went away; and directly as he was gone my mother told me to run and make an alarm, because he had taken my daddy's watch; and I did not know what an alarm meant, and I ran after him; I did not make an alarm; my mammy told me when I came back what an alarm is; so that I know now; I ran up the fields towards Hampstead; my mother lives No. 2,Cleveland-street, at the top of the rope walk, between London-street and Clipstone-street; it is near the fields; Mr. Strickland and Mr. Howison live next door; their houses join ours; it is a row with ten houses on one side; I was afraid my mother did not want people to know of it, because I thought she did not want my father to know of it; I ran after him to ask him to give me the watch; I told nobody; he never used my mother ill that I know of; I do not know that they ever had any quarrel, or my father and him; It was a large silver watch, with a solid silver trinket, with a seal in it; there was one silver seal, with a red stone in it, and some flower; there was a little cradle, a trinket.


                  HENRY
                   CROKER
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner; I found nothing on him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My wife nursed Mrs. Knight's two children; I called on her for some shillings, part of what she owed me; and I saw her so bad that I said nothing of the money; I treated her with a glass of peppermint, and told Mr. Smith, to let her know where I was, if she wanted me.
Court to Jury. There being a mistake in the indictment; calling him 
               
                  John
                   Kent
               



             instead of Henry, takes off the capital part of the charge.




               GUILTY of stealing
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
