





259. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PETRIE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
 last, one leather pormanteau, value 5 s. six linen shirts, value 6 s. six linen crayats, value 3 s. six handkerchiefs; value 3 s. one pair of silk breeches, value 5 s. and six pair of thread stockings, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Foley
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   FOLEY
               



             sworn.
I lost my portmanteau in Pall-mall


; on Monday, the 29th of January, about six in the evening, coming into town rather slowly on the stones, I saw it at the last stage, I was alarmed by Mr. Canes, who was with me; I jumped out of the chaise, and cried out stop thief, and 
               
                  Isaac
                   Lee
               



             brought the prisoner back.
- CANES sworn.
I was in the chaise; I perceived a man at the carriage, between the hind and the fore wheels; it was between six and seven in the evening; the portmanteau was on the chaise; it vanished all at once; I called out of the window, and saw the prisoner hanging by the perch; he had a dark brown coat on, and the portmanteau on his shoulder; he slipped it off, and made off; I had such opportunity of observing him, that I recognized his figure at once.


                  ISAAC
                   LEE
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner coming from the chaise, and something dropped from his shoulder; I took him, he never was out sight.
- MIDDLETON sworn.
The straps of the portmanteau were cut in two.
(The things produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
