





50. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  BIGGS
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d of November
 last, one deal box, value 2 s. one linen shirt, value 2 s. two linen waistcoats, value 4 s. one pair of nankeen breeches, value 5 s. one stone stock buckle set in silver, value 12 d. six guineas, value 6 l. 6 s. and 3 s. 6 d. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bryant
                        




.


                  WILLIAM
                   BRYANT
               



             sworn.
I am servant
 to Mr. Stackpoole, in Grosvenor-place


: on the 3d of November, I saw the prisoner in my master's servant hall, with a deal box in his hands, it was between one and two, there was nobody in the hall but himself till I came in; he had the box in both his hands, and the door was open to the area; I came down stairs with a bason in my hand, I had been dressing Mr. Stockpool; I happened to step into the servants hall, and there I saw the prisoner with the box in his hands, he was looking towards the area, and I saw another in looking fellow looking through the rails at him: I took him by the collar; the box was my property; it was in the servants hall, in a clothes press, that was the usual place for it to stand contained the things mentioned indictment; and several others articles too numerous for me to mention.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went down into the area, and I knocked at the door, and I asked if one Mr. Wright lived there, and the footman said no; he asked me what business I had there, and said I had hold of the box I had not hold of the box; he would not say so before the Justice for ever so long; he only said he believed it.
Court to Bryant. How is that? - I said that I took him by the collar with it in both his hands: I look upon it that if I had been one minute later, I should have lost my box and my property.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
