





427. 
               
                  
                     HUMPHREY 
                     THORNE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
 last, an iron chest, lock, and key, value 1 s. a pair of leather half-boots, value 1 s. a mahogany watch-case, value 6 d. a rule, value 1 s. a key, called a blank, value 6 d. an iron pick-lock, value 3 d. two brass images, value 3 d. one iron screw driver, value 6 d. and four pounds weight of iron, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Jeremiah 
                  Smith
               




            .


                  JEREMIAH
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner; he worked for me about six months; I found a parcel of things, as many as a man can stand under, at his lodgings, by a search warrant.
(All the things produced and deposed to.)
The prisoner was taken into custody; he fell a crying, and begged for mercy; said he would be a faithful servant to me, and never serve me so again; he said, I should have no reason to repent of overlooking it, if I would be so good to forgive him, and take him into my service again; I asked him how he could expect forgiveness from me, when I had been so very much distressed; I told him, I could not do any such thing; I had been almost ruined; I was present at the apprehending of the prisoner, and I knew the things.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
No man upon earth can swear to that piece of iron; it is a piece of new bar-iron; that watch-case that lays there, the boy brought out one day to burn, and he gave it me; I took it home, and had it repaired, and kept it on the mantle-piece, and the half-boots he was going publicly to sell to the shop's company; they were all mouldy; I bought them for six pence; the witness knows that; as to the other tools, Mr. Smith knows that he never checked me for carrying tools in my pocket; I had several articles; I was paid off from a man of war; I have a whole chest of tools; and I did my endeavour to do a little business for myself when I was out of work; I never took any thing with intent to keep it; the Monday before I was taken, I went to six a gate, and I did not return to the shop that night, there is a whole chest of tools now at the justices.
Court. Did the apprentice boy offer to sell the half-boots? - I did not hear him.
Were these half boots left about the shop, mouldy and not used? - I never saw them mouldy.
Were they left in the shop for the apprentice to do what he pleased with? - No, they were left off to be mended, and the apprentice might wear them; I cannot say he did not; I never saw him wear them; he seldom works with me; I know nothing of the watch-case.

Did you ever see it in pieces? - The prisoner put this bit on.


                  JOHN
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner and found the property; some of the things were in a chest locked with two lock.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
