





744. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MEAD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Barker
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Winter
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of twelve in the night, on the 28th day of July
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, one silver watch, value 4 l. one steel chain, value 6 d. two seals, value 6 d. and one brass key, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Geddies
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   GEDDIES
               



             sworn.
I know 
               
                  Richard
                   Barker
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Winter
               



            , they are lessees of the turnpike gates, they two have a house at Holloway


.
Who lives in that house? - Every man according to his turn while he is on duty; on the 28th of July I was there, it was my night, I missed my watch about one in the morning, there was another besides me, the doors and windows were done, I locked the door myself and put the windows in.
What time did you go to bed? - About eleven.
When did you awake? - About one.
What did you miss? - I went to look what it was o'clock, and I missed my watch; the prisoner came to the door, he called, and I let him in, the door was fast; I opened the door, and asked him where he was going so soon in the morning, he said he had been in the fields to fetch his horses up, and I told him I had lost such a thing, and he asked me what I meant by that, then I said my watch, and he d - d his eyes, and asked me if I thought he had got it, and said he would strip all his clothes off, and let me search him, I said somebody had got it How was the window fastened? - By a bolt-on the inside.
Where was the key over night? - On the inside, on the table, when I opened the window I found a pane of glass had been taken out, the lead had been undone by a knife, or some instrument, then he went away, and I took him up on the 1st day of August, with the officer; we did not find the watch upon him, but he confessed he was the man that took it.
What was said to induce him to confess? - It was the officer that talked to him.
What did he say? - I do not know.
Did you know him before? - He lived servant with Mr. Hickman, the house is the turnpike house.
Is there more than one room? - There is a cellar below.
Where was your watch? - Hanging on a nail.


                  THOMAS
                   ISAACS
               



             sworn.
I received information from Mr. Geddies that the house had been robbed, he said he had a suspicion of a lad that worked along with Mr. Hickman, accordingly I went down to Holloway, and apprehended the prisoner, says I, my friend, you must go along with me; for what, says he; says I, do you know this man, which was Geddies; Oh! says he it is about the watch; I meant to take it back again; says I, where is it.
He said this to you without your saying any thing to him? - Without any thing at all, he fell a crying, and went and shewed me where it was; it was hid up in the hay lost of Mr. Hickman's house at Holloway; here is the watch, with the prosecutor's name upon it.
(The watch deposed to.)


                  EDWARD
                   STONE
               



             sworn.
On the 28th day of July I saw a gentleman's carriage at the gate, this boy let it through, being one of the patrol belonging to Bow-street, I thought it would be well to take notice of what was upon the road; the boy went to the window and put his head in, and put the key in; this was at the time that the gentleman's carriage had passed on, it might be a minute, the turnpike gate was not open, nor anybody there but two ladies that got out of their carriage, he then went to the window, and put his hand in, as I supposed with the key, and shut to the window; at about two minutes after I heard a carriage coming along, it stopped again, the boy went and put his head right in, and took the key and let the stage coach through, and I heard the stage coachman say, here boy, where is the turnpike man, here is six-pence, and if you do not keep it you ought to be d - d; he opened the gate and let the stage through, after the gentleman's carriage had gone through.
Court to Prosecutor. Why I thought you always fastened the gate at night? - It was fastened.
How did this boy get in? - Why he came in at the window, and took the key and went out of the window again, there was no spring key of the bolt belonging to the window.
Stone. The prisoner then went to the window again, but what he did I do not know.
When you saw him twice go to the window, did you see him open the window? - I saw him open the window and take out the key of the gate.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On the Thursday night my master ordered me to get up very forward in the morning, and be at market about five, without fail, I went to bed, and waked in the middle of the night, and brought up my horses, the prosecutor let me through, as I was running along after the horses I saw something lay white, and I turned round and picked it up, and it was this watch, I did not know what to do with it, I thought one would own it, and another would own it, and I know there is a great many bad fore of people about, and I thought I would wait for the advertiser for it; I enquired every day in the papers, on Monday night this gentleman came to me, and asked me if I had it, I told him I had, it was at my master's, and I went and fetched it out of the hay, then he told me he was an officer, and he would have me to gaol.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s. but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
