





819. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL ROBERT 
                     BARNES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Burke
                        




                     
                  , Esq
; on the king's highway on the 10th of September
 last, and putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person, against his will, one silk purse, value 2 d. six guineas, value 6 l. 6 s. and 13 s. in money, his property
            .


                  JAMES
                   BURKE
               



             Esq; sworn.
On the 10th of September last, I went to the Royalty Theatre


; when I got into the house, I found I had lost my purse; I had it before I went into the house, for after dinner I changed my money; I put some money loose into my pocket, and some in my purse; I missed my purse in the gallery; when I came out of the house, I heard there was a man in custody, and the next morning, I went to the Rotation Office in East-Smithfield; I found the prisoner in custody at the Rotation Office, and I found my purse in possession of an officer; I was sure the purse was mine, because there were two remarkable pieces of silver, wrapped up in a piece of paper, one with a cross, and an X upon it; it is a blue purse, and as like mine as can be, I believe it to be mine, there was beside in the purse, a six-pence, of the coinage of 
               
                  William
               


             the III. 1689, and there is a mark upon it, as if the point of a penknifehad gone through the 6 d. these two pieces were in my purse, with the other money.
Do you recollect having seen the prisoner? - No.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel. I believe this was the night of Mr. Palmer's benefit? - Yes.
There were a great number of people there? - Yes.
You did not perceive you had lost your purse? - No, I did not.


                  PETER
                   MAYNE
               



             sworn.
I am an officer; I apprehended the prisoner; I carried him to the Rotation-Office, and searched him, and found upon him, this purse; (producing a purse,) this purse I took at the Theatre from him; I saw the prisoner, and five or six more very busy there; I took particular notice of the prisoner, and presently, I saw the prisoner draw his hand, and I saw him very busy shoving about with some more with him; I laid hold of him, and took this purse from him with the assistance of the officer; the purse has been in my possession ever since, and the same things in it.
Mr. Garrow. What pocket was the purse in? - I took it out of his right hand coat pocket; I saw the purse in his hand, and I laid hold of him by his arm.
Do you mean to swear that? - I mean to swear it; he called me a rascal.
(The things produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. I am totally innocent of the matter.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who all gave him a good character.
Court. As to the charge of a highway robbery, there is no pretence for it; the whole consideration is, whether or not he is guilty of the simple larceny.




               GUILTY. Of the larceny
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
