





838. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NOEL
                  , alias 
WILLIAMS




             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night, on the 3d of October
, and burglariously stealing a metal watch, value 4 l. a steel chain, value 2 d. a key, value 6 d. a seal, value 6 d. a gold mourning ring, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Smith
                        



.


                  THOMAS
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I live with my mother, 
               
                  Mary
                   Smith
               



            ; she keeps a warehouse
, the corner of Great Turnstile, Holborn


; the first that I knew of the property being lost, was through the advertisement; I saw it the Sunday before the prisoner was taken, which I believe was on the Wednesday; it is a metal watch,
"J. Johnson, Maker No. 126," it was kept in my own chamber, in a dressing-table drawer; it was out of repair; I only swear to the property.


                  EDWARD
                   ANSELL
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; on Wednesday evening, the 3d of October, the prisoner offered me a metal watch, and a mourning ring to pledge; he asked two guineas; I enquired if it was his own property; he said it was, but not giving satisfactory answers, I doubted him; I enquired where he lived; he said at No. 18 or 19, Tottenham-court-road; I asked him if the landlord or landlady of the house knew he was possessed of this property; he said they did; I told him I would go home with him; heseemingly had no objection; still being doubtful of him, I called upon Meecham, the officer, and took him with me to Tottenham-court-road, he was going a wrong way; he said then, he did not live in Tottenham-court-road, but some where up in Oxford-street; the name of the place he could not tell; it was near the Balloon; I desired Meecham to take him into custody; I have the watch, and the ring; he was examined the day after; the property was advertised, and Mr. Smith identified it.
(The watch and ring deposed to by Mr. Smith.)
Prosecutor. There is my name in the watch, and my sister's name in the ring; the prisoner lives as labourer, next door to my house, which communicates to the upper part; we continually keep our trap door open, and he continually works at the upper part of the house.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going from my work about six at night, and in Holborn, there a came a strange man to me, and tapped me on the shoulder, and said, how are you countryman; I said pretty well; he gave me share of two pots of beer, and three glasses of gin, and he asked me to buy a watch; I do not know the man; he said he would let me have it for three pounds ten shillings; there was his wife with him, or a sister, she had the ring on her finger, and he said he would give me the ring into the bargain; I gave him the money, and took share of two pots of beer; he said he lived at No. 16, in Holborn; I enquired there, and there was no such person lived there; I was but three days out of the country.




               GUILTY, 39 s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
