





599. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 27th of July
 last, seven pair of silver shoe buckles, value 5 l. three hundred and seventeen other pair of silver shoe buckles, value 166 l. 8 s. 6 d. eleven pair of silver knee buckles, value 33 s. one silver stock buckle, value 2 s. three hundred and fifty-four pair of other shoe buckles, value 220 l. one pair of silver knee buckles, one pair of silver tea-tongs, and one hundred and fifty dozen of silver filings, value 37 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a working silver-smith
; the prisoner has worked for me, I think, ten years: the 29th of July, about nine in the evening an officer from Bow-street, I think his name is Umpage brought a woman with him; he said have you been robbed, I said yes, I have been robbed often, but do not know for to day. He said the woman's name was Wood, and she had pawned some buckles, at Mr. Young's a pawnbroker, in Leather-lane: I went there, and Young shewed me seven pair of buckles, which he found on her, which I knew to be my own; I was sorry to find these buckles pawned by this woman, because I placed the utmost confidence in her husband: we put the woman in custody, and I and the officer went directly to Wood's house, in Coppice-row, facing Cold-bath-fields; he opened the door to me, I went in and found him at supper with his children; it was then ten o'clock, in the evening, or rather more. I said to the prisoner, here is a very unfortunate affair has happened, let me speak to you; I did it out of delicacy and feeling for my man, whom I had occasion to respect; I took him up into his garret, the work-shop, I told him then that his wife had been to pledge some of my buckles, and that she was in custody; I asked him what right he had to have finished buckles in his house; he said with a great deal of tremor and fear, and some degree of hesitation, though he stammers a good deal, he said, he had taken from me the seven pair of buckles. I told him I was very sorry, I rebuked him much; you know I have been injured in my property for years past, I never thought you was the man, I am sorry to find you are; he went down on his knees, in great confusion, begged my pardon, hoped to God I would forgive him for his family's sake, and said he should be totally ruined; if I would forgive him, he would make me great restitution. I told him he knew I had always told my men, and especially at our annual dinner, that as they never wanted work, I would prosecute the first man I found out; and I was determined to search the house, I told him to sweep up his filings; he had twenty-four pair under hand, he begged to carry his youngest child to Clerkenwell prison to his mother, who suckled it; we went there, we searched the house, and found as in the indictment, the value of the whole is 422 l. they all bore my name, except three pair; they were examined by myself, and my foreman, and they are all my own, I can swear to them all.
Court. How could so very large a quantity be gone together without being missed? - I have been in a large way of business; it has been the usage of the shop not to weigh it; I had suspected some of my men, and in the year 1777 I took two or three houses in the adjoining court, and so shifted those men I disliked, but reserved the prisoner as a man I respected from his diligence. I lost these things in the course of ten years.
Prisoner's Counsel. I understand you are one of the greatest buckle makers in London? - Indeed I am not.
But one of them you are; now what mark is there, Mr. Smith? - There is, or should be, G. S. on one side, and the hall mark on the other.
Is there no other 
               
                  George
                   Smith
               



             of the trade but yourself? - There is no other in London.
None in Birmingham ? - None that I know of; but all the marks I can swear to, they are my own patterns and chapes.
Some of them might be sold out of your shop? - They might, I have sold many hundred pair; he acknowledged taking the seven pair.
Court. Did the prisoner ever buy from you to the amount of between six and seven hundred pair of buckles? - He never bought but one pair for his wife's wear.
Prisoner's Counsel. You serve the shops? - I will serve you.
I am obliged to you.
The PAWNBROKER sworn.
On the 29th of last July about five or six the prisoner's wife came to pledge one pair; she said they were her own; I stopped her, and there were six pair more on her.
Prisoner's Counsel. You do not know that they were married of your own knowledge? - I was informed of it afterwards.
I do not want your apprehensions, you stopped them on some woman? - Yes.


                  Henry
                   Boddiwell
               



            , the foreman, confirmed the above testimony of Mr. Smith.
Prisoner. No tradesman can swear to his property.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported to Africa for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
