





580. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DUNNIVAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August
, a cotton shawl, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Owen
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   OWEN
               



             sworn.
I am a linen draper
 in Oxford-street


; I was not at home when the accident happened.


                  JOHN
                   BENNETT
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Owen; on Wednesday morning, the 5th of August, the prisoner with another woman came to our shop; the prisoner desired to look at some shawls I shewed her several quantities; she agreed for one at two shillings and threepence; she took out a shilling and offered it as part of the money for the shawl; I saw it was a bad one, and I refused to take it; she said she would fetch me another; she then left the shop; I looked after her, and looked over the shawls, and found one of them missing; I asked a young man, he said he could not find it; I then went after her, and saw her walking before me; when she saw me coming, she set out running; I called after her stop thief; the people directed me where to find her; when I found her I charged her with having taken the shawl, she denied it, and began to strip herself; I said she must go with me; she fell down on her knees, and said, O Sir, I hope you will forgive me, I will pay for the shawl; I then took hold of her, and led her out into another room, through which she had passed, and there the shawl lay in a chair; I have kept the shawl ever since; this is the same; I depose to it by the mark in the corner, which I observed before I shewed it to her; the mark is an O and an A, with a stroke between them; it is not our mark; I do not know the hand writing; we have only one of this pattern and mark.
Prisoner. He has not spoke right; that is not the shawl.
Prosecutor. This is a cotton shawl; it is mine by a particular mark.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I came into this shop to buy a piece of cotton; he took some down at two shillings, and some at two shillings and sixpence; I laid down my money, and one of the shillings was bad, and I said I will go back and change this shilling; and he came after me and said I stole his shawl; I let him search me; he found nothing; the shop door was open, and the shawls laying by the door, and man a one might have brought it there besides me.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


