






155. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     LYDIA
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of December
 last, three plumes of Ostrich feathers, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     White
                  




               
            .
(The Witnesses examined apart at the request of the Prisoner.)


                  WILLIAM
                   HUNT
               



             sworn.
I know the prosecutor, he lost some Ostrich feathers from a hearse which had been at a funeral.
Court. What was the worth of them? - I cannot tell.
How do you know the prisoner took them? - It was slippery weather and I got down to walk, and I saw the door move, I had tied the two pins in fast with a cord, I called to the man to stop, and just then I saw a person at the hearse door, appearing to me to come out of the hearse; I saw his legs just before they came to the ground; he was pulling at the feathers, and these three he pulled out.
Court. Do you know who that person was? - I believe it was the prisoner, after he had got them into his hands I called stop thief! he saw me a coming and he ran, he took them a little distance from the hearse, and he dropped them, I ran after him, and he was rather to quick for me but I saw him fall, he ran into James-street, on the dark side of the street, there was no lamps; then the next witness caught the prisoner, and said, here he is; I had ran past him, I believe a yard or two yards, I did not see him, it being in the dark; I look upon the prisoner to all appearance as to his size and apparel, to be the same man that took the feathers.
Court. Did you keep him in your sight till he was taken? - No, till the time he fell.


                  JOHN
                   GILLS
               



             sworn.
On the 27th of December, I was coming down the Haymarket


, and there was a hearse coming up, and a person cried from the hearse, Stop him! Stop thief! I looked about and saw the prisoner run from the hearse, he fell down, he got up again and ran into James-street, and I after him; he found I was pursuing him so close and was going to catch hold of him, and about twenty yards off he stopped against the wall and began to run back again, I stopped myself immediately, and went and took hold of him.
Court. Had you him in your sight from the time of his falling down to the time of your laying hold of him? - I had my Lord, I called out here he is, he asked me if that was the man that fell down, I answered, yes, he is the man.
Prisoner. Whereabouts was you when you heard the cry of stop thief? - In the street, about forty or fifty yards.
Did you ever lose sight of me? - No, I did not.
Then I suppose you take upon yourself to swear that I am the identical person? - No, I do not, I swear you was the person that fell down.


                  THOMAS
                   GREGORY
               



             sworn.
(He having a great impediment in his speech offered a paper to be read.)
Court. I cannot take it in writing.
- DICKINS sworn.
I had the care of the feathers, I was upon the hearse and heard the cry of stop thief; the others being younger men than me got down first; I was the last that got down, I saw the others run after the prisoner, I did not see the prisoner fall.
Court. What is the worth of those feathers? - About twenty shillings.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Be so kind as to examine the gentleman that has an impediment in his speech.
Court. He cannot speak.
Prisoner. He swore before the Justice that he pursued me with the feathers in my hand, from the corner of James-street to the corner of Panton-street, and that gentleman says he picked up the feathers near to the hearse: my Lord I was going from a friend's house in Windmill-street, and going down James-street, I was walking very quietly, and this gentleman caught hold of me; I had not got into the Hay-market, and they were going to put me into the hearse, and I was committed; the next morning Mr. Downes came to me and told me he had lost a pall and hearse cloths, and some other things, and said if I would be the means of his getting his property again, he would give me five guineas and do any thing for me; I told him I was innocent, I advised him to advertise them, he said he would; when I went up on Wednesday for further examination; Mr. Downes said he had not lost any pall he only lost six velvets; on the Sunday he sent one Mr. Green who said he had got this gentleman's property back again: now I leave you to think whether I took the things. I have no witnesses.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
