





61. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
 last, two linen shawls, value 2 s. a muslin shawl, value 2 s. a silk handkerchief, value 12 d. a linen sheet, value 2 s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 12 d. a white apron, value 12 d. a silk cloak, value 20 s. four yards of silk ribbon, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Maria 
                     Fox
                  




               
            .


                  MARIA
                   FOX
               



             sworn.
On the 8th of November, I lost the things in the indictment (repeating them):I went to my mother's in the morning; my clothes laid on the box, and when I returned they were gone; the prisoner lodged in the same house with me; when I came home I missed my property; I was informed she was gone out; and the prisoner was found with this cloak and handkerchief belonging to me upon her; we took her at the place where she formerly lodged, on the same day; she had this white shawl and black silk cloak on her, and one pair of stockings, and an apron; Morant has the stockings, he took them off her; this cloak and shawl are mine; I left them in my lodging when I went out.


                  MOSES
                   MORANT
               



             sworn.
I belong to the office in Bow-street: I took the prisoner into custody, and took from her this apron and this pair of cotton stockings.
(Deposed to.)


                  ELIZABETH
                   ABBOT
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner; she had gone from me a fortnight; she called to see me that morning; she had a silk cloak and the apron on, which Mrs. Fox owned.
Prisoner. She gave me some of the things to wash, and the cloak she lent me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
