





645. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     BOURNE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st day of August
 last, one large wooden cask, bound with iron hoops, value 10 s. and thirty-six gallons of porter, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Oakley
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   OAKLEY
               



             sworn.
About six o'clock in the morning, on the 21st of August last, I missed a cask of porter.


                  ROBERT
                   ROLFE
               



             sworn.
I am a carman; I saw the prisoner rolling a cask of porter up the street, from the key, he said, it was a cask of rum that came from his captain's ship and belonged to him, and he wanted a cart to take it to Wapping, I saw him put it into this man's cart.


                  FRANCIS
                   LOVATT
               



             sworn.
The prisoner hired me to load this-cask of liquor, I did not know what it was, he loaded it in my cart; I carried it to East Smithfield where he ordered me, just by Wellclose-square; I cannot tell at whose house it was, there the officer stopped me.


                  WILLIAM
                   WHITEWAY
               



             sworn.
I attend the publick-office, East Smithfield; I was called out of bed on the 21st of August, in the morning about six o'clock, to apprehend the prisoner, and I apprehended him on suspicion of stealing a cask of porter, he was then fifty yards from the cask, it was a thirty-six gallon cask.
(The cask deposed to.)
Prosecutor. I saw the cask the night before, and afterwards in a publick house, it was the same cask that I missed.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
