





24. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th day of November
 last, seven linen sheets, value 20 s. two linen pillow cases, value 5 s. and one check apron, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ashton
                  




               
            .


                  ELEANOR
                   ASHTON
               



             sworn.
I am wife to 
               
                  William
                   Ashton
               



            , I live in Princes-street, Westminster


; on the 9th of last month, about half past three in the afternoon, I went across the way, and returned home immediately, and found the prisoner in a little room adjoining my shop in a great bustle, he said he wanted change for sixpence; I missed the sheets from a large table, where they lay when I went out, and at the side of him on a little round table, I found a bundle wrapped up in a coloured apron, which he had taken off a chair; I rather undid the bundle, and saw my sheets; I laid hold of the prisoner, and called for assistance; he said he had taken nothing.


                  THOMAS
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I was called by the last witness, and found the prisoner in the room.
Mrs. ASHTON sworn.
These are the things that were delivered to me, I gave them to my husband.
(
               
                  William
                   Ashton
               



             produced the things, which were deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went to Westminster on Lord Mayor's day with another young man, and we went to a public-house to have something to drink, and he said, let us have something to eat; I went across the way to this gentlewoman's shop, there was nobody there, I went into the parlour and knocked with my foot, and called out; at last I turned myself round, she came across the way, and asked me what I wanted; I said an halfpenny worth of onions, she looked round, and said you are a thief, what have you got in your pockets; I never touched the things.
- JONES sworn.
When I was taking him before the face of Justice, he turned round to another man, and said, you get off, for when you see me bound, it is time for you to get away.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
