





292. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MATTHEWS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th day of March
 last, a live boar pig, value 4 l. three live sow-pigs, value 8 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Alsop
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   ALSOP
               



             sworn.
I live in Mary-le-bone


 and keep pigs
; between the 9th and 10th of March, I lost a boar pig, and three sows from my yard; I believe I saw them on the 9th about twelve, I have not seen them since; on Monday, a person came to inform me that a man was selling some pigs of mine; I went to look at them, and found three of my pigs in the pen; I can swear to the boar, but not to the sows.


                  RICHARD
                   STILE
               



             sworn.
I bought a sow pig of the prisoner, on Monday, the 10th of March, about nine in the morning, in Smithfield; the prisoner told me, it was his brother's, and that his brother was in the Small-pox-hospital; since that, I have found it is the contrary; the pig was taken from me by the last witness on the same day; the prisoner had two more sows, and a boar.
Did you see Alsop, at Smithfield, when he saw the pigs there? - Yes.
Were these three pigs the same as the prisoner had when you bought that sow of him? - Yes, I am sure of that.
Alsop. When I went to look at the pigs, he was at the pens, and he wasgoing to run away; he was at work for me the day before they were lost.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.


                  John
                   Tanner
               



             hired me to drive the pigs to Smithfield, and to sell them.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
