





669. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     OSBORN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st day of August
, a linen bag, value 2 d. and seven guineas, value 7 l. 7 s. and three half guineas, value 1 l. 11 s. 6 d. two half-crowns, and 16 s. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Hatch
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  HENRY
                   HATCH
               



             sworn.
Last Monday between nine and ten I was walking along, and the prisoner asked me to give her a glass of gin; I refused it; she followed me ten or twelve yards; I told her I had no money, then she followed me a little farther, and came a broadside of me, and put her hand into my pocket, and took a purse containing ten pounds; I felt her hand in my pocket, and laid hold of her directly; and she tried to get away, and I threw her down in the street; a gentleman came and took her to the round house; I did not see her searched.


                  HENRY
                   HEMMINGS
               



             sworn.
I took her into custody and searched her, I found a purse upon her afterwards; a linen purse.
Where did you find it? - In her right hand pocket.
What money was in it? - Five guineas in gold, three half guineas, two half crowns, and ten shillings; here is the purse.
Court to Prosecutor. How many guineas was in your purse? - Ten pounds and upwards.
Hemmings. There were two guineas and six shillings in her hand.
(The purse produced and deposed to.)
Prosecutor. My wife made it about two months gone by.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I work in the country; I was coming to town to buy me some things, and coming along Long-acre I picked up this purse, and the prosecutor said it was his; he knocked me down; I did not know what was in it, and he would not let me look at it; I had half a guinea of my own in my pocket, and five and sixpence.
Constable. There was but four and threepence in her pocket.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER
