






470. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MERRYMAN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PICKERING
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Patrick 
                           Neale
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of three o'clock in the afternoon, on the 6th of May
 last, no person being therein, and feloniously stealing, a feather bed, value 20 s. a bolster, value 4 s. a cotton bed quilt, value 1 s. a blanket, value 2 s. a stove, value 12 s. a tea-board, value 1 s. and a looking glass with a wooden frame, value 1 s. his property
            .
The witnesses examined separate.


                  PATRICK
                   NEALE
               



             sworn.
I am a house-keeper
 in Spicer-street, Spital-fields


; my family consists of me and my wife; I live at Esquire Cope's, in Osborne-street, Whitechapel, and I sleep there at nights; on the 5th of May, I was at my master's, and I had been at my own house at ten o'clock at night, I left my wife there; on the next day the 6th of May, my wife came to me about three o'clock, giving notice of an alarm, as if somebody wanted to break into the place; I desired her to alarm the place, for I could not come out, being a yearly servant; through the means of that fright, she is out of her mind, and is now at St. Luke's; when I came there, which was about four o'clock in the afternoon the next day, I found the staples of the front door and the lock strained a little, forced out of the place.


                  CATHERINE
                   QUIN
               



             sworn.
I know nothing about the breaking,only I know the property to be theirs, they are in the Court.
JAMES SHAKESHAFT sworn.
I am an officer, I have a bed, a stove, a looking glass, and a tea-board, a bolster, a quilt, and a blanket; we took them out of the lodgings of the prisoner Pickering, we took the two prisoners together, the 6th of May, about four o'clock in the morning, and brought the prisoners to the magistrates, and Pickering there was shewn the things, and owned them to be his.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTONG
               



             sworn.
I have a looking glass and a tea-board, which I found in a room; the prisoner Pickering afterwards owned the goods in the same room with the bed and other things.
Court. There seems to be no foundation for the capital part of the charge.


                  JAMES
                   ROCHE
               



             sworn.
Shall I tell it from the first part of it.
Court. You are an accomplice? - Sir?
Mr. Garrow, Prisoners Counsel. You are a thief? - Yes, Sir.
Court. You went out with the prisoners? - Yes, we was at the Black Bull, in Thomas's-street, and we set out at eleven o'clock, with intent to go out, and some said they would go home, and some said they would go and get some lead; we got some lead coming back; we came to another place, and got some more lead, we carried it to one 
               
                  John
                   Wright
               



            's house, we shoved at the door; the door flew open, we went back, and in going back we saw a woman coming out of her house, she went down Spital-street, right facing her door where she lived in Spicer-street; 
               
                  William
                   Price
               



             was with us, 
               
                  John
                   Merryman
               



            , 
               
                  William
                   Pickering
               



             and me; Price shoved against the door, the door went open, we soon followed him in, and went and got a bed and some bedding, and a looking glass, and a tea-board, and a stove; we saw nobody in the house.
Was the door fast? - I really cannot tell, Price went to the door and pushed, and it opened; we stood at the corner of the alley, I followed him; Price took the bed on his back and carried it to Pickering's house; and we took the stove and tea-board and things to Pickering's house; the things were not sold, and some constables came to the door and stopped us, and when we came back they took Merryman and Pickering, Price was not in the house at the time; some time after they took me.
Mr. Garrow. How soon did they take you my honest friend? - In about an hour.
Where did they find you? - At the top of the house in the loft, at the top of Wright's house.
Wright is an old hand at this trade? - I do not know, I never was at his house before, and then I went to buy a pound of lead for my trade; and I never was a thieving before in my life.
Can you swear that? - Yes, I will swear it.
Will you swear that you never was a thieving before? - I will swear that I never was a thieving before in that there fact, never before.
Mr. Garrow. Aye, in that there fact; now who have you worked for lately? - For Mr. Brewer, and Mr. Carter and Peake; at this time I did work for Mr. Jennings.
Will you swear that you worked at the time you committed this fact? - I did not work for them at this time, I worked for them two days before; I worked for Mr. Dearing, he lives in Grey Eagle-street.
What have you done for him? - I made him a six-penny mould for him; I did not carry it home, I worked journeyman's work at one of the journeyman's house, at Mr. Dearing's house, Dearing is a journeyman.
How many jobs of lead have you done? - We took two this same night.
Did you know Mr. Wright before? - I have seen him in his shop.
Do not you know that Wright is a notorious receiver of stolen goods? - I know it now.
Where did you come from? - I came from Clerkenwell.

How long have you been there? - I cannot justly tell how long I have been there; I have not kept an account, I do not know rightly, a little better than a month as nigh as I can recollect.
How came you to find your way into the loft, if you had not been in Wright's house before? - Because I ran up frighted, there was a way broke open, I could not miss it.
That was into the plant, was not it? - I do not know.
Where is Mr. Wright's plant? - I do know.
Upon your oath, is not that the plant? - I cannot tell.
You know what I mean? - Yes, any one knows what is meant by that.
There are very few honest men in Court that know beside myself, what is a plant my honest friend? - I suppose you mean putting things away.


                  Catharine
                   Quin
               



             called up again.
Court. You have come to prove that this property which was found in Pickering's lodging, was the property of Neal? - I am the prosecutor's wife's sister; I was there the Monday evening before; I know the bed, the tea-board, the glass, the stove, the bolster, the quilt, and the blanket; there is a bit out of the tea-board, which I observed many times; there are two patches on the bed, which I put upon it myself, one of the bolsters is broke very much, which I; knew all these things were the property of 
               
                  Patrick
                   Neal
               



            .
The prisoner Pickering called five witnesses who gave him a good character.


                  JOHN
                   MERRYMAN
               



            , 
               
                  WILLIAM
                   PICKERING
               



            ,
GUILTY, Death.
Mr. Garrow. My Lord, before the verdict is recorded, as to the capital part of the charge, there is no evidence whatever besides that of the accomplice; early in the case your lordship intimated an opinion, that as to the capital part of the charge it was then done away; in consequence of that a great deal of the evidence was not entered into, and the situation of the case rests quite in doubt, except as to the evidence of the accomplice; because the poor poor woman is not here to give any evidence on the subject, and the evidence of the accomplice negatives it: the probability is that this poor woman, either really being annoyed, or fancying that she was annoyed, ran out of the house; and left the door open; and in a case where the lives of two men are concerned, your lordship will forgive me when I suggest, that this probability, that the wife had really gone out, leaving the house insecure: then supposing your lordship would resort to the evidence of the accomplice, on which your lordship made all those humane, and strong and sensible observations, which all Judges make, taking it on his evidence, it amounts to this, that one of the thieves came to the door, he pushed against it, and that he broke it open; he did not apply any crow to it, he did not apply any false key; no, he pushed against it, and he entered: taking it on the evidence of this accomplice unconfirmed, it stands perfectly in doubt, whether this poor woman had not left her door open; and in such a case, always bowing (as I am sure it is my duty to do) to the authority of the Bench, and to the judgment of the Jury, who I know will always remember mercy is the predominent feature in every verdict, and that it is what your lordship kept in view, particularly in your charge on this trial, I took the liberty to make this suggestion, in order that the Jury, if they see fit, might mitigate this case, and not find these two men guilty of an offence, of which it seems to me there is no evidence; I am to intreat pardon for this, and I know I shall very readily obtain it in a case in which the capital part of the charge seemed to be so much abandoned.
Court. I am extremely obliged to Mr. Garrow for taking the trouble of making these observations to the Court. Gentlemen, if you can see any reason to vary thatverdict you have found, it is always my wish that mercy may be mixed with the exercise of justice: as soon as 
               
                  Patrick
                   Neale
               



             had began his evidence, I did observe there was an end of the capital part of the case; had the man's wife been here, her testimony alone would have supported it; therefore I thought it was unnecessary to proceed any further on that examination; but on the further investigation of the business, finding that evidence was given of that circumstance from the accomplice, then I should have been glad that the prosecutor had been further examined, with respect to any thing he could have said on that subject; though I think he could not have carried his testimony any further than he did, which was, that when he came to the house at four in the afternoon the next day, he found the staple of the street-door had been forced out; he also found the house in that situation in which the woman could not have left it; that coupled with the testimony of the accomplice, I thought it sufficient to leave it to you; so that the testimony of the accomplice did not stand singly by itself, I thought it my duty to leave it to your judgment: now gentlemen, with respect to this case, as to the evidence of an accomplice, the Judges have lately had before them, in order to consider a case tried by Mr. Justice Buller, whether a person could be convicted on the evidence of an accomplice only, for there was no other witness; he respited the sentence, in order to take the opinion of all the Judges, whether or no that person was properly convicted; I was present as one of the Judges, and they were all unanimously of opinion, that, an accomplice is a competent witness to be received, but his credit is to be left to the Jury; and where a person appears under such circumstances, in order to purchase his own life, by giving testimony against those that are on their trial, Juries do not give credit to his testimony, unless it is confirmed; but I do not say in every circumstance; for though that person's testimony is to be confirmed by the testimony of other witnesses, yet if it is confirmed in the material parts of it, that gives it a credit: now this man's testimony has been confirmed with respect to the things found in Pickering's lodgings; and in my apprehension it gives a credit to him; but that credit, how far it will extend, is for your consideration, it is not for the consideration of the Court; but it is not to be narrowed, as the learned Counsel mentions. In my apprehension the accomplice's testimony he gave in the natural story of that transaction was confirmatory of the other testimony; and my wish would have been that you should have found them guilty of the felony, and not of the capital part of the charge; but it is your province and not mine; it is my duty to make such observations to you, as may assist you to form your judgment: if you agree with them you adopt them, if not you reject them; it is your province to decide and not the Judge's: my wishes were that you would have found them guilty of the felony only.
Mr. Garrow. It is not too late, the verdict is not recorded.
Jury. My lord, it was the general wish of the Jury to leave the capital part out, but their doubts arose whether they had power.
Court. Certainly you have power, it is entirely in your province; and really in a case so circumstanced as this is, with respect to Merryman, my wish was that you would have acquitted him totally, because there was no evidence against him but from the accomplice only, and I so pointed it out to you.
Mr. Garrow. Gentlemen, the verdict is not yet recorded, and I am sure it will reflect no discredit on the Jury to alter their verdict, particularly after the humane observations from the learned Judge.
Clerk of the Arraigns. Consider your verdict, gentlemen.



                  JOHN
                   MERRYMAN
               



            , WILLIAM PICKERING,




               GUILTY, 4 s. 10 d.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
