





945. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     OSBORN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of September
 last, six razors mounted with silver, value 21 s. six horn box combs, value 1 s. three other combs, value 6 d. six pair of curling irons, value 2 d. one case for a razor and strap, value 6 d. one tooth pick case, value 1 d. a powder box, value 3 d. a small inlaid box, value 6 d. a shaving box, value 3 d. one other box, value 6 d. one pincushion box, value 3 d. a rouge box, value 3 d. four bundles of long hair, value 5 s. one German steel razor, value 4 d. two pair of scissars, value 4 d. one tortoiseshell case, value 6 d. one pot of orange pomatum, value 3 d. one pot of soap, value 2 d. one sheet of court plaister, value 3 d. fifteen pair of rollers, value 12 d. a silk rose for the hair, value 2 d. one pair of stockings, value 6 d. one wash-ball, value 2 d. two powder machines, value 6 d. six tortoiseshell combs, value 5 s. six tortoiseshell combs, value 5 s. and six tortoiseshell buckling combs, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Sharpe
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   SHARPE
               



             sworn.
I live in Fleet-street


, I am a perfumer
, at the time of the robbery I was at Cambridge, I can only prove some part of the property.


                  THOMAS
                   BISH
               



             sworn.
About the 20th of September last, I was at breakfast at Mr. Wright's in Fleet-street, and their bar-maid came in, and said, a man had been enquiring for Mr. Sharpe, knowing him I went out, and he described the young lad, and I went to Mr. Thompson, the constable, and took him up to Mr. Sharpe's house, I took the prisoner who was Mr. Sharpe's boy, and we went and searched his box, and we found the things mentioned in the indictment, the prisoner then told us of a lad named Riley, we went and found some more goods in his box, in a court in Leadenhall-street, the prisoner's box was in a garret in Mr. Sharpe's house, locked, he had the key in his pocket; here is a list of the things found in his box which was written at the time, they were delivered to the constable.


                  EDWARD
                   PARMINTER
               



             sworn.
A man came into our shop, and brought in some combs, which he said he had of our boys, I took the combs, and the man's direction, he lives in Bishopsgate-street, I have not his name, I took Riley's direction, I saw these things found in the prisoner's box, the box was locked, the prisoner had the key.


                  JOSEPH
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I was sent for on the 20th of September, to Mr. Sharpe's by Mr. Bish, and searched the prisoner, and in one of his pockets I found this new machine; I then found the key of his box in his pocket, and I found the things which I produce, in his box, and likewise this bunch of keys, one of these keys opened a many of Mr. Sharpe's drawers.
Mr. Sharpe. In January last, I had an accident of fire in my house, and a coat was lost, in the pocket of which were these keys, I apprehended they were destroyed, the boy was only with me five weeks, consequently he must have had them from some other servant.


                  WILLIAM
                   RALEY
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner about nine months, the things that were in my box were given me by the prisoner at the bar.
Where did you live? - I live with Mr. Cotton, in Fenchurch-street, a picture-frame maker.
What was you to do with these things? - I was to sell one dozen and an half for the prisoner, and the rest he gave me to keep for myself.
Court to Sharpe. Can you swear to any of these things? - I can swear to some of the things that were found in the boy's box, these razors have my name upon them, but I cannot positively swear to them, here is a powder box, marked by one of my clerks, and a pair of stockings marked, I know them perfectly, all the things that are here are the common run of stock.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A great many of these things were given me by a porter that lived at Mr. Sharpe's, not all of them, he persuaded me to it.
Mr. Sharpe. The porter has absconded, the prisoner came to me an errand-boy and general servant, I had an exceeding good character of him from Mr. Lloyd, an attorney, in Chancery-lane; and indeed I am induced to believe that what the boy has told you is true; I do not doubt but the keys were given him by this porter, and he induced him to take the things.



               GUILTY
            .
Mr. Raley: My Lord, I am the father of the witness Raley, a lad whom I have brought up with the greatest tenderness, I have done all I can for him, I am very sorry to see him in that situation; I wish him now to receive that reproof that may penetrate his mind, I am father of a large family, eight in number; I cannot admit him into my house, but I will put him into a place of safety up at Hoxton; I have advised him to go to sea, I will get him a birth.
Court to young Raley. I am very sorry, young man, to hear this account of you from your father, you must have behaved very ill indeed; you have had great good fortune in not being yourself prosecuted, you ought to have been prosecuted, and if you had, the evidence that came out to day, would have involved you in the same guilt, and the same disgrace with this unhappy young man; and I hope if you have any feelings, that his fate, and my public exhortation to you, will have some effect upon you, and that you will not go on in practices, which in all probability must bring your unhappy father with sorrow to the grave, as well as draw down certain destruction upon yourself; you will be delivered into his care, submit to that restraint that he imposes upon you, and to that course of life which he thinks fit to mark out to you, and endeavour by your future conduct to deserve that he may forget what is past, and that you may become an useful member of society.
Mr. Raley the elder. I return your Lordship many thanks.
Mr. Keys, foreman of the Jury. My Lord, it is the wish of the Jury to recommend the prisoner to mercy, as supposing he may have been drawn in by the porter, and as that witness, young Raley, appears to have been a partaker in the guilt.
Court. Gentlemen, the thing that alarms me, is the example; because put it to your own breasts, you all carry on trades in the city of London, and you are all obliged to entrust your property to your servants: I have therefore always held a very strict hand over this particular crime, because it seems to me, as if men's property depended intirely upon never relaxing the punishment due to servants that rob their masters; now having said this to you publickly, if you still wish this boy should find favour, I for one will not oppose it, though I cannot heartily approve of it.
(The Jury did not repeat their application.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
