





87. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MACAULEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Thompson
                        



                     
                  , an infant
, on the King's highway, on the 17th of November
 last, and putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, a silk handkerchief, value 2 d. a linen neck-cloth, value 10 d. a pair of stockings, value 6 d. and a linen shirt, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Thompson
                        



                     
                  , the elder
            .
EDWARD THOMPSON the younger.
Court. How old are you? - Ten the 25th of last month.
What, do you go to school any where? - Yes, in the Old Change in Cheapside.
Where do you go to church? - Spitalfields.
Can you say your catechism? - Yes.
Do you know what you are going to do? - Yes.
Do you know that you are to take an oath? - No.
Do you know what it is to take an oath and not tell the truth? - To go to the bad place.
Mr. Justice Willes. Who made you? - God.
The Remainder of this Trial in the next PART which will be Published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 10th of DECEMBER, 1783, and the following Days;
Being the FIRST SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     ROBERT
                      PECKHAM
                  



               , Esq; 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT HAND BY E. HODGSON, And Published by Authority.
NUMBER I. PART VII.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXIII.
[PRICE SIX-PENCE.]

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  James
                   Macauley
               



            .
Are you to speak the truth here or not? - Speak the truth.
Suppose you do not speak the truth, what will become of you? - Go to the bad bad place.
E. THOMPSON, the younger, sworn.
On the 17th of November I was going home about half after eight, I was going from my father, I live with my mother.
Your father and mother do not live together then? - No, I had a shirt and neckcloth and a pair of silk stockings, the shirt and neckcloth were my father's, and the silk stockings were mine, and a silk handkerchief which was my mother's.
What is your father? - A hair dresser
.
Did you carry them home? - No.
How came you not to carry them home? - Because I went with the man to the watch-house, they took him to the watch-house, Mr. Macawley stopped me, I saw by the light of the lamp at the tobacco shop, the prisoner is the man, he said nothing to me, he ran by me, he took my bundle, and run away with it, I never saw him before; after he snatched the bundle out of my hand, I ran into the tobacco shop, and I ran out again, he ran all the way, I cried, stop thief, and a man in a waggoner's frock caught hold of him in about five minutes, a boy saw him throw the bundle away, a man gave me the things, and I took them to the watch-house.
Prisoner. He said it was another man, till the people that were round him persuaded him to say it was me.
Court. Was you always sure that was the man, was you sure of him at first? - Yes.
How was he dressed? - A jacket, a pair of striped breeches, and a handkerchief about his neck.


                  EPHRAIM
                   SHALER
               



             sworn.
On the 17th of November I stopped the prisoner, I did not see any any thing with him, he fell a fighting with me and swore he would not be taken by me, I saw a bundle found a little way from me, I did not see him drop it, the little boy was sure then that that was the man, he was dressed in a jacket, I cannot say what trowsers he had on.
What hat had he on? - A round hat.
Whereabouts was this? - In Raven-row, Spitalfields.


                  SAMUEL
                   LE MAINE
               



             sworn.
On Monday the 17th of November I was coming home from work, I saw the prisoner 
               
                  James
                   Macawley
               



            , I heard the child cry out stop thief, the last witness stopped him, and as he stopped him, he turned the bundle and threw it down, I saw him throw the bundle down, I am sure of that, I saw a woman pick it up, when he was stopped he offered to fight me, I saw him taken to the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM
                   MOORHOUSE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I produce the bundle.
(The things deposed to by Mrs. Thompson.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along, I was a little in liquor, and that gentleman took hold of me, and one of them struck me, I struck him again, I did not know what I was taken for, they told me I had taken the bundle from the child, and they brought the boy before me, and he said I was not the man till I went to the watch-house, then the boy said it was me. I have no witnesses.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, this prisoner is indicted for a highway robbery upon this boy, now it seem to me, and Mr. Recorder agrees with me in thinking that the evidence does not amount to a robbery on the highway, for though he snatched the bundle away, yet there was not that degree of force nor of terror that is necessary for a party to be under to constitute a robbery, and it would be too much therefore to make it so serious an offence as the law considers a highway robbery to be; but you are at full liberty to find him guilty of the larceny, and acquit him of the capital part.




               GUILTY, Of the larceny but not of putting the person in fear
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
