





85. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st day of December
, twenty one pounds weight of moist sugar, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Warner
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Warner
                  



               
            .
(The witnesses examined apart, at the request of Mr. Garrow, prisoner's council.)


                  JOSEPH
                   WARNER
               



             sworn.
My partner's name is 
               
                  Jacob
                   Warner
               



            : I lost some sugar the 1st of December, I saw the prisoner in custody of three or four people, I sent for a constable, he immediately begged I would forgive him, for it was his first offence; he was my servant
 about four years.
Mr. Garrow. I believe Sir, before the prisoner came to live with you, he had lived with Sir 
               
                  Barnard
                   Turner
               



            ? - I, do not know.
You have a servant of the name of Humphreys? - I have.
Were they on good terms? - The servants have occasionally quarrelled, but I do not know they were on bad terms.
The prisoner's wages had lately been raised? - They had; I had rather a good opinion of him before.


                  LEWIS
                   HUMPHREYS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Warner, so is the prisoner; on Monday the first of December he had a job to do two story high; nobody was there but himself, there was a good deal of moist sugar there; the prisoner came down with a candle in his hand to me not lighted to another warehouse, which is facing that he came from; it was a little past seven, he said he had found it very hard to come down in the dark, he lighted his candle, cut about three or four yards of string, and doubled it up, and went out, then I had a suspicion; he went only to the first story, and looked about; he had two candles lighted then, and I saw him turn a paper bag, which in general holds twenty eight pounds of sugar moist or dry, I saw him put some sugar in this bag; I was in a warehouse opposite without a light; I saw him weigh the sugar very particular to some weights, but I do not know what weights; he tied it up, cut off the string and flung it away;and he put out one of the candles, and put the other out of my sight, which blinded me so that I could not see much more, only a little by chance, he came several times without any thing in his hand to look out at the door; at last he came down, but I cannot tell whether he brought down any thing with him, because it was too dark; but he went down into the street before me, I went after him as soon as I could, but I could see nothing of him, I returned and shut the gate, and told my master; soon after the prisoner came back without any thing, and went to his work, which was two story high, and finished it very soon, and he asked to go to his club, and he wished us all a good night; I followed him, and he went to a publick-house, in Bell-court, Fenchurch-street, he had a glass of something at the bar, and came out in about a minute with a parcel under his arm, he stood for a minute and a quarter at the end of the court, looked towards Lombard-street; he went towards our house in Mincing-Lane, I followed him, rang at the bell, and our foreman and another fellow servant and me went after him, and took him before he got to Mark-Lane; our foreman touched him on the right arm, and said, George what have you here? he said sugar; he asked him twice where he had it, and the second time he said he bought it; the foreman told him to take it back, and put it where he had it; he considered a little, and returned with us, and I and the foreman came first, and did not look back directly, but when we did, nobody followed us, and presently my fellow servant brought him into the yard, with the sugar; the parcel was burst, but I was not present; Mr. Warner was sent for, and the prisoner asked his pardon several times, and begged to be excused, for it was the first time.
Mr. Garrow. Did you never challenge the prisoner to fight, and he refused you? - If he did, I forget; I am very little for fighting.
Was there any warehouse opposite to this, in which the sugar was kept? - One is here, and the other there; very like my master's dwelling house may be opposite; the warehouse is not directly opposite.
(The prosecutor explained to the court, that the warehouse was not directly opposite, but they might see a part of each warehouse looking obliquely.)


                  MILES
                   AMPSON
               



             sworn.
The foreman and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Lawrence
               



            , another servant, confirmed the last witness, and Lawrence said, when they came back with the prisoner, and the foreman rang at the bell, the prisoner ran away; Lawrence ran after him, and overtook him with the sugar, and took it from him, and the prisoner put his hand to the string, and tried to loose it about, but he stopped it; and when the witness rang at the bell, the prisoner ran away a second time, and he slung down the sugar and ran after him.
Prosecutor. The sugar is the same quality with a hogshead we have; we do not keep a retail warehouse.


                  CHARLES
                   MECARTY
               



            .
Mr. Garrow. Do you know the nature of an oath? - I do not; but I believe if I swear false, I shall never go to heaven, but to a worse place, and be punished there.
Sworn.
I saw the prisoner come into our house with a large parcel, and call for a glass of gin; and he asked my mistress to put it by for half an hour, and he would call for it, which he did.
Prisoner. I leave it to my council.
Mr. Garrow. I have many witnesses to his character, but his master has given him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
