





396. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRETT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , spinster, on the King's highway, on the 10th day of February
 last, and putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and feloniously taking from her person, and against her will, one box made of pasteboard, value 1 d. one dark coloured cotton gown, value 14 s. one cloth cloak, value 8 s. four caps, value 4 s. two pair of stockings, value 2 s. three pair of worstead stockings, value 1 s. one black silk handkerchief, value 1 s. one muslin handkerchief, value 1 s. one linen handkerchief, value 6 d. one pair of shoes, value 6 d. her property
            .


                  MARY
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a servant
 to a milk-woman, I live in Kingsland-road; on the 10th of February, about six in the evening, the prisoner met me in Bishopsgate-street, and asked me what it was o'clock; I said, I do not know; I never saw the boy before; it was dark, but I was near some lamps; the shops were not shut up; we were nigh a bow window, but there was no light in it that I saw; there were people walking backwards and forwards; the prisoner asked me again if I thought it was seven, and I told him no; he asked me, if I could direct him to Holloway-mount; I told him I knew Holloway-lane; we walked together till we came to the corner of Angel-alley


, then he pulled the box from me, and another man knocked me into the road; I had hold of each end of the box, I was carrying it before me, it was a caravan box; he first made a snatch at the box, then I received the blow, and then he took away the box; it was some time before I got up, I was quite stunned; I am sure the prisoner is the boy, he was in my company about five minutes.
Prisoner. She gave me a half-penny to carry the box. When they took me, Mr. Wilmot's men said, if I would get four guineas, they would let me go; then the woman said, I will not let him go clear without he gives me a guinea and an half.
Prosecutrix. I never offered to let him go for any money.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not violently from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
