





369. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     GAFFNEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of April
, two linen shirts, value 4 s. and one pair of shoes, value 3 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bonnikin
                        



                     
                  , and one silk handkerchief, value 12 d. and one pair of shoes, value 3 s. and one pair of base metal shoe-buckles plated with silver, value 2 s. and one iron key, value 1 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dingfellow
                        



.


                  JOHN
                   BONNIKIN
               



             sworn.
I and another young man was out a walking, and came home a quarter before seven; we lived in Whitechapel


, at a sugar-bakers; and as soon as we came into the bed-room, we found the prisoner, at the bar there; I did not know him before.
Court. What was he doing in the room? - As I came in the room, he had this bundle in his hand untied; I said to him, what business have you got here, he spoke to me, and I could not understand him, I said, what have you got there, and took this handkerchief from him: there were in it two shirts, and three pair of leather shoes; and one pair of leather shoes, he had in his pocket; there were two pair of shoes that did not belong to me, one pair belonged to me, and the shirts belonged to me; (the things deposed to) there is my name in the shirts, I am sure they are mine; afterwards when we came into the bed-room, he had tied up a number of other things, a whole handkerchief full, three hats, and shirts, I took these from him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord, I was never there, I do not know him, I saw a many people running across Whitechapel, and I ran across, and they were crying out stop thief, and somebody laid hold of me.
Court. Was he ever out of your sight? - Only just as he turned round the corner; I am sure it is the man.


                  JOHN
                   DINGFELLOW
               



             sworn.
Were you with Bonnikin when he saw this man? - Yes.
Did you see him in the room? - I did.
Did you see that bundle taken from him? - Yes.
Are you sure that is the same man? - Yes.
(The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.)
Jury to Bonnikin. Did the prisoner appear to be drunk when you catched him? - No, Sir, he was not drunk.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
