





384. The said 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SNALEHAM
                  



               
             was again indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Goodrick
                        




                     
                  , Esq
; about the hour of eight in the night, on the 27th day of March
 last, and feloniously stealing one silk gown, value 20 s. one linen gown, value 1 s. one flannel powdering gown, value 3 s. one petticoat, value 2 s. two silk petticoats, value 10 s. one cotton gown, value 7 s. one bed-gown, value 5 s. one dimity bed-gown, value 5 s. four petticoats, value 20 s. one silk cloak, value 10 s. one sattin cloak, value 20 s. one linen apron, value 5 s. one handkerchief, value 12 d. one pair of pockets, value 6 d. one pair of linen sheets, value 10 s. one window curtain, value 3 s. one toilet cover, value 3 s. one cotton and worsted check cover, value 2 s. and two yards of muslin, value 5 s. the property of the said Thomas, in his dwelling house
            .


                  JANE
                   GOLIGHTLEY
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Goodrick, on the 27th of March, about nine o'clock in the evening, I heard a noise as of the lamp breaking over the door, the lamp was broke at the top of the door on the outside, I went into the area, there were some children picking up the glass, there was a woman standing by them, I asked her who had done it, she said she saw nobody, I got the candle and went up stairs, with one of my fellow servants, which was 
               
                  John
                   Spencer
               



            , and in the drawing-room the bottoms of some chairs were pulled out, they were lapped up in a large cloth, there was one of the little cabinets half out of the window; we went up one pair of stairs higher, the drawers was all open, and all the things taken out of them out of the two pair of stairs back room.
Court. Were the things taken quite away? - Yes, there was the sheets taken off the bed, and the quilt; we came down and told the people below stairs.
Court. Was any pursuit made after the thieves? - Not by our family.
When had you been in the drawing room before? - About one o'clock in the day.
Was the windows then shut down or open? - Shut down.
Was there any appearance of any body having got in? - There was no appearance of that, but both the windows were very much dirtied; I do not know whether any of the family had been in since.
Prisoner. The gentleman said it was about nine, I was in the watch-house about half after eight.


                  JOHN
                   SPENCER
               



             sworn.
I was the first that gave the alarm, I saw the lamp broke, that was about a quarter before nine o'clock.
Court. Did you go out? - I went to the door immediately, but I did not see any body but some children picking up the glass; I went up stairs, and in the drawing room there was a little cabinet removed, and some chair covers; we went up stairs, and we saw some sheets taken off the bed; we looked in every room about the house before we acquainted the gentleman of the house with it, and there was a great deal of dirt about the window, and there was a flint and steel found dropped in the area.


                  JAMES
                   RANDALL
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner with this sack upon him a little after nine, he was carrying it along Oxford-road, he had the sack on his head, and we dogged him; I am sure he is the same lad that had the sack.


                  CHARLES
                   CLIFFORD
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner with the sack as I was going to carry home a pair of shoes; the prisoner asked me to lift it up; that was the same sack.
- HUTCHENSON sworn.
Coming up Oxford-road, I heard people cry, stop thief! and I took him.
(The gown deposed to by 
               
                  Jane
                   Golightly
               



            .)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have nothing more to say of this than the other, they were given to me to carry, and it is very hard I should suffer for what I am not guilty of.
Court. What may be the value of these things?
Golightly. I should think they must be worth five pounds.
Court. Gentlemen of the Jury, with respect to the burglary, there seems to be no precise evidence to bring that part of the charge home to the prisoner, or any body else; there is strong presumptive evidence, that whoever committed this robbery, got in at the drawing room window; but in order to make it a burglary, you should have precise proof that the window through which the thieves entered was shut at the time; of that there is no precise proof. She has valued the whole of the things at five pounds, but you will judge of the value; the gown only is deposed to particularly.




               GUILTY Of stealing to the value of 39 s. but Not Guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
