





815. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     COUCHER
                  , alias 
                     
MARY CHRISTMAS




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of September
 last, one silver table spoon, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hooper
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   HOOPER
               



             sworn.
I live in Fetter-lane


; I am a house-keeper; I lost a silver table spoon, on the 26th of September last; the prisoner came a servant
 to our house; the day before he left our service, about six in the evening, under pretence of a better place procured by her mother; about eight when we went to supper, Mr. Parker, a pawnbroker in Princes-street, brought me one of my spoons; I knew it immediately; I produced three or four of the same sort; it was marked I. H. after Mr. Parker brought it, we examined, and found one deficient.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. I take it for granted, your wife has the chief case of your plate and china? - Yes, she has.


                  THOMAS
                   PARKER
               



             sworn.
On the 26th of September, the prisoner came to me with a table spoon; I never saw her before, she laid it on the compter; I asked her what she wanted; she said to pawn it for four shillings; I thought it was very little to ask on a table spoon, and it gave me some reason to suspect it was not her own; I asked whose it was; she said is was her father's; I asked her where he lived; she said in Shoe-lane, a plaisterer; I told the boy to go and see if it was so; she said she would go with him; she continued fighting, I would not let her go; she continued crying out murder for a quarter of an hour, and raised above an hundred people, and I sent for an officer, and took her into the parlour, and asked her where she got the table-spoon, and told her she should not go off; she said she had taken it from Mr. Hooper's, with whom she lived servant; I asked her where Mr. Hooper lived; she said in Fetter-lane; accordingly I sent to him, I did not know where he lived but from her; the spoon is here.
(Produced and deposed to.)
Mr. Knowlys. Have you kept it all the time yourself? - It has been in the house ever since; I kept it in my hand till I parted with it; then I put a mark upon it, the letter T.
The prisoner called one witness to her character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
