





760. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARRON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of September
 last, one quilted callimanco petticoat, value 5 s. one red cloth cloak, trimmed with ermine, value 6 s. one sailor's jacket, value 5 s. one blue stuff waistcoat, value 5 s. one great coat, value 10 s. one pair of cotton trowsers, value 12 d. and one check shirt, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jenkins
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   JENKINS
               



             sworn.
I live in Rosemary-lane


. I have a ready-furnished room. I was at work at a neighbour's house when the things were taken away; between one and two I went home. My room door was loc ked when I left it, and when I found it. I found the prisoner in the room when I unlocked the door. I found the property with him folded up in the great coat. I left the property in the box, and when I came in it was laying on the floor. The prisoner was in by the property. It is a one pair of stairs room. The window was shut when I left it, and so I found it. I never saw the prisoner before: he had no business in my room: I cannot tell how he got in; I stopped him; he was searched. I had but one key to the door. The prisoner was taken by a man that was coming along Rosemary-lane, and he vowed and protested he would do for us all if he got through the hobble.
Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.
Court. What are you? - I was a sailor.
Have you any friends? - None in London.
Court to Jury. The felony depends upon whether you believe that this man got into the room for the purpose of stealing the things; that he took these things out of the box, and put them into the great coat for the purpose of carrying them off.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
