





661. 
               
                  
                     MARTIN 
                     PALMER
                  



               
             was indicted (with one 
               
                  GEORGE
                   FIELDING
               



            ) for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th day of August
 last 23 guineas and 7 s. in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cosgrave
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   COSGRAVE
               



             sworn.
I have been for six years at sea, I was a baker
: on Friday the 29th of August, between eleven and twelve in the day, I was robbed in a publick house of twenty-three guineas and about seven shillings, the prisoner and me were drinking in a publick-house, he was a stranger to me, I was drinking with a woman that knew him at the Bell and Grenadier, I met the woman in the street, and I took her into this house to give her some beer, being just come home from sea, I was a little jacovus, and two men come in a little time after, I do think we drank a matter of seven or eight quarterns of gin, and a good deal of beer, I did not mind a shilling or two, there were two men and a woman and me, we were together about two hours.
Court. You got pretty drunk? - I had been a little tosticated, and just seemed to slumber with my head a little on the table, one man came and seized me, and took my gold, and threw my papers under the table, the prisoner took my gold, one came and took my money, and the other held me up till he took all my money out of my pocket, and threw all my papers under the table, I was sensible, but not capable of guarding myself, the woman of the house took the papers up, and one of the men threw a guinea into the woman's hands, I knew the man, and was in his company for some time, I was as sober when he came into my company at first, as ever I was in my life.
Are you sure it was not the woman? - No, she had no concerns with it, she knew the men, and gave them an idea that I had this money about me, I received this money in Bread-street, and I met this woman in Bread-street


.
As soon as they picked your pocket what did you do? - Next morning I went and enquired after these people, and I found this man and his wife, where he kept his house, in Frying-pan-alley, they were fighting, and she got over him, says she, you villain give me the six guineas you had last night, they rescued him from me, I could get no constable.


                  JOSEPH
                   NEWTON
               



             sworn.
The prisoner has employed a set of villains to use me ill, so that I walk in danger of my life, I am in the silk manufactory, I live in Frying-pan-alley, I was in some part of the house when the three men were there, there was Fielding, Palmer, and Cosgrave, they were all three drinking together.
Prisoner. He was one of the company.
Newton. They were all three in the box drinking together, Fielding, and Palmer, and Cosgrave, and the woman during the time she was there was on the opposite side of the table; some time after they had sat drinking together, Fielding comes and sits on the other side of Cosgrave, after they had set some time, the woman went away; after the woman was gone, the prisoner got under the table, and was there some time, he then came and sat close by Cosgrave, who was then between the prisoner and Fielding; in that situation they remained when I left the house, but before that I heard Fielding say to Palmer that the sailor had more than twenty guineas in his pocket, I then left the house, and on the next day, Saturday, coming through Frying-pan-alley, I saw the prisoner and his wife fighting, he was bleeding, I heard the woman say, you rogue give me the six guineas you had of the sailor, which you gave me last night and took away again, he said she should not have them, I went to the publick-house and met the prosecutor, and he had taken Fielding who is now absent, he said he had taken one of the men, I told him he had got the wrong man, he went back with me, and the woman then was down upon the prisoner, striving to get the money out of his pocket, the prosecutor immediately went into the house, as soon as he got into the house, several of the whores and bullies, and such like people, rushed upon the prosecutor and rescued the prisoner, I took the prisoner twice myself and they rescued him; when I took him the second time he was sitting in a publick-house in Bunhill-row, I told him he should go with me, he desired me to come into the yard, he then acknowledged he had twelve guineas of the man's money, and that he had given the other man three, he then offered me two guineas and the change that was in the publick-house, if I would excuse him.
What did you say to induce him to make this acknowledgment? - It was his own voluntary offer, I said nothing at all to him.
Did not you tell him it would be better for him, or that perhaps he would be excused? - I said nothing to him, he begged I would excuse him, I told him, I would fetch the sailor to him, and I went to Mr. Wilmot's, I neither made him promise nor threatening, the Justice sent a headborough and he was committed.
Court to Prosecutor. Are you sure you had twenty-three guineas and seven shillings in your pocket, when you first went into the public house, and seated yourself in the box? - Yes, I was quite solid when I went in, I was just what you may call merry, I am positive on it, I was plundered of it before I came out.


                  CATHERINE
                   MORNHAM
               



             sworn.
I keep a public house, the prisoner, this man and a woman and another man, came into my house about eleven o'clock in the morning and called for some liquor, and the woman sat and sung several songs, after they had been an hour in the house the prosecutor laid down his head on the tap room table and fell asleep, they called for liquor pretty fast, I was dubious that they would bilk me of my reckoning, I went into the tap room, and they called for more liquor, the prisoner was one of the men; I said who is to pay for the liquor, the prisoner at the bar said he would, with that he gave me a guinea to change, I said to the prisoner at the bar and the other, you brought that man in with you please to take him out with you, then they waked him and lugged him out, the man at the bar never came back for the change, I picked up some papers, which are of value to him as he cannot receive eleven pounds without them; I found them under the box, and I supposed them to be his, there was no disturbance at all in the box.
Did you see any body creep under the table at any time? - I was the greatest part of the time out of the room.
Why do not you bring the man's papers and the change? - I keep them for him, he leaves them with me for fear he should lose them.
Prosecutor. They are by my desire with her, but she objected to give me the change.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Between twelve and one, I went into this house and called for a pint of beer, I saw but this Newton and Fielding, and this woman, and the prosecutor, they said, you may as well drink with us, I knew Newton; Newton and the woman went away, I said, hang it says I, Fielding, all the reckoning will be left to us, I went and shook the sailor and he was fast asleep, I could not wake him, I said, it is damned hard, I happened to say that word, and called to the landlady and paid the reckoning, and she desired me to wake the sailor, and take him with me, says I, I did not come with him, he was so fuddled he could not walk; they were in company long before I came there, and eating of bacon, I never saw any thing of the man's money.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. DEPUTY RECORDER.
