





359. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, a hammer, value 5 d. a cloth jacket, value 5 d. a shovel, value 10 d. the property of 
                     
                        Philip 
                        M'Guire
                     



                  , a hammer, value 5 d. a trowel, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wycott
                  



               
            .
PHILIP M'GUIRE sworn.
The prisoner took from me a hammer and a jacket at Kentish Town


, out of the house where we were at work, on Saturday night, the 14th of March; the prisoner worked there for us; we were plastering, we left work about six on Saturday night; I hid my tools, the prisoner saw me hide them; on Monday morning I came to work, and found the things gone; I went in search all Monday and Tuesday; and on Tuesday evening I caught the prisoner with my jacket upon him, in New-street, Covent Garden; I asked him what he had done with the rest of my things, and he said he had pawned them; I went with him to Mr. Davis's, the corner of Bell-yard, St. Giles's, and there I got my hammer, which was pawned for three-pence; my partner, 
               
                  James
                   Wycot
               



            , lost some things at the same time; the prisoner had nothing to say for himself.


                  JAMES
                   WYCOTT
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was at work with me at Kentish Town, and on Saturday evening I hid my tools with my partner's, the prisoner saw us put them there; they weregone on Monday morning; I found my things on Tuesday afternoon at the pawnbroker's.


                  JOHN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
The prisoner worked with us; I am a labourer, I lost a shovel at the same time; he had pawned it at his lodgings for sixpence.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was hungry, it was that made me do it.
Wycott. He had left all the things together at his lodgings for six-pence.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Court. How long had he worked for you? - About four days; when he came to us, he said he was a plaisterer's son.
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
