





823. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     JONES
                  



               
             (another prisoner) was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
 last, 3 l. in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Peatt
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   PEATT
               



             sworn.
I am clerk
 to the four yeomen of the water side; I lost three pounds on the 25th of September; I locked up my office door just before six in the evening, and went home; on Saturday the 26th, in the morning, I was called about three, by a man that works for me, and informed that my office was broke open, and both my desks, where I had deposited some monies, upwards of three pounds; in consequence of that I came to the office from my own house, about ten minutes or a quarter after three o'clock, and I missed my money, three pounds and upwards, one half guinea, some silver, and some halfpence.
Do you mean to speak exactly to the sum of three pounds? - No; a man was taken up on suspicion, and secured there till I came down; some of my money was found in the possession of the prisoner, it was marked.


                  JOHN
                   FREER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; on Saturday the 26th of September, I was informed the clerk of the market's office was broke open; I went in and found the lock broke off the door, and two desks were broke open; the office is by the water side, not joining to any house, it is at Billingsgate-market; I found a man in sleep, he was not the man; but on Saturday I saw the prisoner going in and out of the publick-houses, in liquor, and spending his money very free; I took the prisoner into custody, and searched him, it was on Sunday morning about two o'clock; I found upon him half a guinea, four shillings, and some half-pence; I have kept the money ever since; Mr. Peatt came on Monday morning, and I told him, and shewed him the money; there was only one shilling remarkable, which he said he could swear to, and which he returned me again; this is the shilling; it is a crooked shilling with two sixes, or two nines each side; he could swear to it by that before my lord mayor; the lord mayor's clerk asked the prisoner whether any body was with him? he said,no; he acknowledged the robbery to several people; I heard him say that he was by himself when he committed the robbery, that there was nobody with him; I had not said a word to him, nor did I hear any body say any thing to him to induce him, or threaten him, there or any where else.
(The shilling deposed to by the prosecutor.)
I know it by making a particular remark of the person I took it of, on the Monday morning, and putting it into the wooden bowl when the money was all out; the moment the constable shewed me the money, I took it out, and told him who I took it of.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
