





378. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RILEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of March
, fifteen pounds weight of Indigo, value 4 l. and three hempen bags, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Sewer
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   SEWER
               



            , the Elder
, sworn.
I am a dyer
, the prisoner has worked for me a great many years; the prisoner was set to clean a warehouse where this indigo was on the 13th of March, about five o'clock I sent my son to go and see how things were in the dye-house; he went out, and in a very short space of time he sent somebody to call me; I went, and he had got Riley by the collar; he said, he had got some indigo in his apron; I looked, and he had this bag in his apron unsewed, it was huddled up in a wrap to keep it close together; he began to beg for mercy of me; I said, he had very little mercy on me to take my goods; I believe there are seventeen pounds, it cost me 6 s. a pound; there is nothing in it that I should know it if I had found it out of my shop, but it is of the quality I had open.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. I believe your son is your partner? - No, Sir, I have no partners but such as the prisoner.


                  EDWARD
                   SEWER
               



            , the Younger, sworn.
On the 13th of March, about five o'clock, I was going into the dye-house; I saw the prisoner, who had something in his apron; I asked him, what it was? he said, a job; and he said, if I would forgive him he would never take another; I insisted on looking in his apron, and there I found the indigo.
Mr. Sewell, the Elder. My Lord, the prisoner has worked for me a number of years; I have trusted him with every thing in my house before, and never missed any thing; I never had any suspicion of him.



               GUILTY
            ,




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
