





64. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CRAWFORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d day of November
, one cotton gown, value 5 s. one petticoat, value 5 s. and a cloth waistcoat, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Collins
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET
                   COLLINS
               



             sworn.
My husband's name is 
               
                  William
                   Collins
               



            ; I saw the prisoner when he took the things, which was about half past three in the afternoon; I went out to the public house; I left nobody in doors; the street door was open; when I returned I saw the prisoner coming out with a bundle; kicking it up, and seeing the waistcoat, I says to the prisoner, you are a thief; he pushed the bundle to me and I caught it, and he ran away; he was pursued and taken, and the bundle undone; and this gown and coat were taken out of it, which were on a box up one pair of stairs; he never was out of my sight; nothing else belonging to me was found upon him, he desired me to let him go; I am sure they were my things.


                  WILLIAM
                   WOOLLAND
               



             sworn.
I am a neighbour; I was at dinner at home a little past three; I heard the cry of stop thief; and saw the prisoner pass a corner opposite my house, and after him the prosecutrix; I overtook him; he begged of me to let him go; I brought him to the woman; and she was so confused she could not tell; she kept crying out, you have robbed me! when we came to her house the bundle was opened, containing these things; he begged to go, and said, he had lived well; and said, there was no loss; I took him to Bow-street.


                  JACOB
                   OVINGTON
               



             sworn.
Between three and four I was eating my dinner, I saw the prisoner run, and he was brought back to the prosecutrix's house; he said, I beg you will let me go; it will cost you a great deal of trouble and money.
(The things deposed to.)
Prisoner. I found the bundle the outside the door.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
