






535. 
               
                  MURTY CAIRNS

               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February

 last, two earthen-ware sallad dishes, value 3 s. and six earthen-ware plates, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Smith
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Ryland 
                     Child
                  



               
            :
And the said 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LOMAS
                  



               
             was again indicted for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  WILLIAM
                   GIBBONS
               



             sworn.
I am agent for these young gentlemen; I am not a partner.
Mr. Garrow, prisoners counsel. They are minors

, I believe? - Yes.
In what way do they become interested in this trade? - I cannot say; the mother and father are living; they have no interest in the trade; he is a captain in the navy; the prisoner Cairns was a porter
 with me about five months; he was never trusted at all, without it was to look out a little order; there is the name of Child, on one of the plates.


                  JOHN
                   WEBB
               



             sworn.
About a month before Christmas, my master, Mr. Lomas, told me to meet him, near Mr. Child's, at the pitching-block, and he put this basket on my head; there was nobody with him; he told me to take it home; I did not know what was in it; I went at different times of a night to meet him, and he put the things on my head as before; I did not see them unpacked; I have seen a pair of these green edged sallad dishes; I noticed them at my master's house; they came out of a basket full, which came out of Mr. Child's yard; the prisoner Cairns was taken up, and he came the same day after he was discharged, and told my mistress to send the goods to some other house, for fear Mr. Gibbons should have the house searched, and find those marked goods which came from their ware-house; I afterwards carried the things to Mrs. Wilson's.


                  SARAH
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I live at the St. Luke's Head; I bought one parcel at one time of Mrs. Lomas, which Silk took away afterwards; I did not know she was his wife till the man told me.


                  WILLIAM
                   SUTTON
               



             sworn.
That was Lomas's wife.
(The blue and white plates, and green edged sallad dishes produced).
Silk. I had these things from Mrs. Wilson.

(Deposed to by Mr. Gibbons.)
Mr. Garrow to Gibbons. You cannot say but these things might be matched - No, it is not a new pattern; I do not know that any of them have been sold since I came to the warehouse, which is one year; I cannot say what was sold before; I know nothing of Lomas, I never sold him any thing; young Mr. Child sells sometimes; Lomas was a porter
 to Mr. Child some time ago; his name is in the books, but never as a purchaser of goods.
PRISONER CAIRN'S DEFENCE.
I am innocent.
PRISONER LOMAS'S DEFENCE.
Them goods that you see marked Child when I lived servant there, were carried to my house from Mr. Ainsley's, who failed, with some other furniture; he is gone out of town, I thought Mr. Ainsley would have sent for the goods; he was a former agent of Captain Child's.
The prisoner Cairns called six witnesses who all gave him a good character.
MURTY CAIRNS, 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   LOMAS
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
