





54. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CHERRICK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of November
 last, ten yards of black silk lace, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hilliard
                        




                     
                  , privily from his shop
            .


                  ANN
                   HILLIARD
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hilliard
               



             in Great Russel-street


, I keep a milliner's shop


; on Saturday night the 1st of November, I was serving in the shop behind my counter, and I saw somebody at the door catch out something, immediately I saw a boy take the card of lace from the window, I immediately ran, and a neighbour of mine that is in Court said, that is the boy that has got your lace; I then followed him, there were five of them in a gang.
Court. Did you see the boy at the time he took your lace, so as to know him again? - Yes, they were there near an hour, five in a gang, he was taken in a minute, I have not found the lace again.


                  FRANCES
                   PARKINSON
               



             sworn.
I live next door but one to the prosecutor, I was standing at our door, and I saw the prisoner with two more sauntering about the door, and by and by two more came up to them; and they all sat down upon the iron rails before the shop window; this boy sat next to the door: It was about nine at night, this boy
 step, in, takes something with his left-hand out of the window, I could not tell what it was, he gave it to another boy with his right; he then went one way and the other the other: Mrs. Hilliard came out that minute, I said, that is the man that has the property, I am sure this is the same boy.
Court to Mrs. Hilliard. Was there any lace near enough for the boy to get at by putting his hand in? - Yes, all along the window, there were about ten yards on that card that he took: It is valued at thirty shillings, but it is of more value.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.
Court. How old are you? - Going on eleven.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privily
            .
Court. I think in order to break these gangs of boys, it is necessary to 


               transport this boy, young as he is, to America for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
