





431. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CONYERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th day of April
, one blue and white printed curtain, value 26 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Denou
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Squibb
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   SQUIBB
               



             sworn.
I am an auctioneer

, I am in partnership with Mr. Denou, our rooms are in Charles-street, Berkeley-square, I lost the cotton from a house we were selling at in Grafton-street, Fitzroy Chapel


; on the first day of the sale, I found the prisoner in custody, and the constable who had taken him, produced a window curtain which he found upon him, which I know.
Whose curtain was that? - It was the property of the person for whom we were selling, it was lost from the back drawing-room; I am confident it was in the house, because there is a letter upon it in my hand-writing.


                  LYDIA
                   DUNCAN
               



             sworn.
I was in the passage at the time the prisoner came down stairs, I saw him with something wrapped round him under his coat, some part of it rather hung below his coat, I took it to be a counterpane, as the curtain was lined with white, and it was wrong side out; I gave the alarm, I am sure the prisoner is the man that I saw coming down, I never saw him before, he was brought back in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour.


                  HENRY
                   CROKER
               



             sworn.
I was there attending the sale as a broker, I am a constable belonging to the parish of St. Pancrass; I heard an alarm below stairs, I ran down immediately and followed the prisoner into the Bull inn, Tottenham-Court-road, I immediately taxed him with stealing some pictures as I thought it was; he got up and asked me what I meant, and I saw this cotton by the side of him; I directly said to him, is this your's? yes, says he; then, says I, you must go along with me to the saleroom; I brought him back, and the maid met me, and said, this is him. I took him in and searched him, and in his pocket I found a catalogue of this sale, this article is No. 14. lot 3.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A man gave me this cotton, and desired me to call for three penny worth of brandy and water, the man came into the house along with me.



               GUILTY
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
