






28. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  M'CARTY
               



             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARTMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Harman
                        




                     
                   on the King's high-way, on the 9th of November
 last, and putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, one silver watch, value 30 s. a seal, value 2 d. and a metal key, value 1 d.
             his property.
The witnesses examined apart.


                  JOHN
                   HARMAN
               



             sworn.
I was robbed the 9th of November last at the bottom of Queen-street; six men came down Queen-street and pushed at me, and one of them run against me, and drew my watch out of my pocket; it was a silver watch, with a steel chain, and two glass seals and a metal key; the prisoners were two of the men.

What time of night was it? - It was half after one in the middle of the day.
How long were they coming up to you and pushing you at the time they took your watch; how much time did it take up? - About a quarter of an hour.
Court. That is a long time; they might have done it in much less time I should think; will you venture to swear, that in the course of a quarter of an hour, when they were shoving you about, that you can swear to their persons so as to know them again? - Yes.
You will positively swear, that they are two of the six men? - Yes.
Did you observe which of the six it was that pulled your watch out of your pocket? - Yes; I caught hold of him; it was the prisoner M'Carty, the man in the blue jacket; the first time I caught hold of him I got the watch from him.
Was the other man with him? - Yes.
Did he appear to assist him at the time? - Yes.
What became of the other four? - I never found them.
Did you ever recover your watch again? - I saw it in the hand of the prisoner M'Carty, but I never got it again; the constable has it; his name is 
               
                  Jacob
                   Freeman
               



            .
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel. Master Harman, this was on Lord Mayor's day, and in Queen-street, near the Three Crowns? - Yes.
Of course there were a great many more idle people looking on besides you? - Yes.
And on such occasions every body was shoving here and there, and so on? - Yes.
It is a part of the fun of the day to push and shove, and throw dead cats, and make it as inconvenient as possible? - Yes.
Therefore, the shoving was the common shoving that happens on those occasions? - Yes.
And in the midst of the shoving you lost your watch? - Yes.
This probably was a new sight to you? - Yes.
Then you were looking more at the fine coach than at any thing else? - No.
At the fine barge perhaps? - No.
You had never seen them before in your life? - No.
And you saw a vast number of people in the mob that day? - Yes; several hundreds.
You could not swear of course to the great number of people you saw then? - No.


                  Jacob
                   Freeman
               



             was there? - Yes.
You told my Lord he was a constable? - Yes.
In plain English he is, and has been, for several years past, a common thief-taker; when was it you and Freeman talked this matter over? - Last night in the Old Bailey.
So I thought; what was it that Freeman said to you last night in the Old Bailey? - He did not say any thing at all; he said I should be here to day.
And he told you to swear there had been a good deal of shoving about? - No; he did not.
When did Freeman tell you, that if you swore there was some shoving, that would get two forty's? - No such thing.
Do you know there is any reward? - No; I do not know there is any reward.
You never heard it? - I did hear it.
Who was it told you? - Several people.
Who are they? - Those that were with me in the publick house in Lombard-street.
And they told you, though you lost your watch, if there was no force and no shoving about, there would be no reward; but if there was, there would? - They did not say so.
What did they say? - They said, if you are sure of the men, I did say, I am sure of one of the men that took the watch from me; then they said, I should consider about it; and I should not swear any thing more than what was true; that was the thief-taker.

Who told you, you should have your share of two forty pounds? - My Lord!
I am sure you heard me distinct enough, now answer me; what do you say; do not you understand me? - No.
I want to know who it was that told you, that if you convicted these two men of a highway robbery, you should have your share of two forty pounds rewards? - There were a great number of people.
Pray Sir, did Freeman never tell you that in your life? - He said nothing yesterday only, he said I must come to-day here and I should get the trial.
That is, if you would be sure of the men, and if you would swear that they shoved you? - No.
Speak the honest truth; has not Freeman told you, if you swore that these men shoved you about, you would have the reward? - No; he never said any such thing to me, only to be here to-day.
Who gave your instructions for the clerk to prepare; your indictment lay in the office? - I do not know.
Upon your oath do not you know who it was? - No.
Recollect yourself, was it not Jacob Freeman who wrote down the instructions for the indictment? - Nobody.
Will you swear that nobody wrote down the instructions; look at these honest gentlemen, and give your answer? - I do not know any of these gentlemen; I do not know who was writing.
Did nobody, Sir, for that was what you swore just now; who wrote down the instructions? - I do not remember.
Did nobody write down the instructions; you know that these two men are indicted - They are imprisoned.
Who gave the instructions in the office close by here? - I was there yesterday.
Who went with you? - 
               
                  Jacob
                   Freeman
               



            ; he gave some writing to the clerk in that little room.
Who wrote that writing? - I do not know who wrote it.
Where was it wrote? - It was in a public-house; I cannot write; Freman did not write it.
Did he direct somebody to write it? - I do not know, I cannot say.
Was you present when he gave directions? - No, I was not; Freeman had it in his hand, and he gave it in to the clerk.
You heard from somebody that if these two men were convicted of shoving, you should get share of eighty pounds reward? - Yes; there was no shoving after I called out stop thief; I did not see Freeman till after he had taken the men, nor till ten days after; Freeman and me have not been a good deal together lately.


                  JACOB
                   FREEMAN
               



             sworn.
What have you in your hand? - A watch which was picked off the ground, the bottom of Queen-street, on Lord Mayor's day last; I saw it picked up, a labouring man picked it up, that was standing close by; I do not know his name, he did not mention his name at the time; but some how or other his directions were lost.
Has that watch been in your possession ever since? - Yes, it is in the same state it was when I received it.
(The watch shewn to the prosecutor and deposed to.)
Prosecutor. I know it by the seals; there is no particular mark on the watch itself; there is a blue glass in one, and a green glass in the other; on the blue seal there are three lions, and on the other side there is a man; and on the other, there is a freemason's seal; I lost that day such a watch, and such a chain, and such seals; I swear they are the same that was taken out of my pocket.
When the prisoner M'Carty, according to your account, had taken the watch out of your pocket, what became of it? - He took it out, and I saw it hang in his hand; he gave the watch through his right hand, tothe prisoner Hartman; afterwards it was found on the ground.
How soon afterwards was it taken up? - It was found directly; I do not know who it was that found it.
From whom did you receive it, Mr. Freeman? - Freeman. As I had hold of the prisoner Hartman, I heard the watch drop; I could not stoop myself, therefore another hand picked it up; the prosecutor had the other fast, and the prisoner Hartman's hand was clinched; the moment Roberts laid hold of him on one side, I laid hold of him on the other; at that moment the watch dropped and the glass broke; I did not see M'Carty; I know nothing of him.
Mr. Garrow. Roberts is another thief-taker? - I do not know what he is; I am a constable.
He belongs to the insurance office in the city? - He certainly is a thief-taker, because he took the prisoner.
Which of the shops do you belong to? - I am constable to his 
               
                  Grace
               


             the Duke of Bedford; I belong to the public office in Bloomsbury.
Then you are the common runner of an office? - Yes, Sir, I am a constable.
How long have you been a runner belonging to that office? - Two years and a half.
I take it for granted, you have had no conversation with the prosecutor, Mr. Harman, about any reward? - No.
This man is not forthcoming that picked up the watch? - No.
Do you know whether any body gave any instructions for this indictment? - I gave the instructions; we were all together; I gave the instructions to the clerk, and he took it.
In writing? - In writing.
Who wrote it? - I believe Roberts wrote it; I am not sure whether I wrote it myself.
For a highway robbery? - No doubt of it.
I dare say, as you are only a late constable, since May last, you know nothing about rewards? - Yes, I do very well; I know this, that in case the men are convicted, the county certainly are to pay that sum.
And you are to have your share of that sum? - Most undoubtedly; I know no other way of doing it but as a capital offence.
That you swear? - Yes, I do swear so.
How often have you attended here? - I have attended here, I suppose these four or five years.
Upon your oath, do not you know, if these men are only convicted of stealing without force, it would not be capital, and there will be no reward? - I saw the force, I told my Lord Mayor so, and I put my hand up to my breast at the time; that I have sworn to-day is the same; if the men were to be acquitted of the force, there would be no reward; but I saw the force committed: I do not come here to talk about the reward, I come here to speak the truth of the robbery; I know this, that if I indict a person, I should indict him the right way.
I desire an answer to my question; do not you know that, if these men were not indicted for a highway robbery, there would be no reward? - No, to be sure there would not.
If they were indicted for a simple larceny there would not? - No, not for ten-pence.
Ten-pence! what do you mean by ten-pence? - Did not you say simple larceny.
I did not say perit larceny; now Mr. Freeman, if he was indicted for privately stealing, there would be no reward? - I saw the robbery committed.
- ROBERTS sworn.
On the 9th of November I was going down to the bottom of Queen-street; there was a mob of people assembled together, and I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner contending with each other; I asked what was the matter; and the prosecutor immediately, said, he had lost his watch; I immediately pulled Hartman out of the crowd; Freeman came and assisted; and we took him up to a public-house; the prosecutorfollowed us, and said it was his watch; I did not see the watch taken up; I did not see the other prisoner there; he was taken before the Lord Mayor, and the prosecutor swore positively to him; he said he was not the man who took the watch out of his pocket; but it was another man shorter than him; and he should know the man if he saw him; and that the man who took it, gave it to Hartman, and that Hartman dropped it as soon as he saw me; this was said in the public-house.
Court. These men seem to be pretty much of the same size; now, did you see the other man in company with Hartman at this time? - No, I did not; when I saw Hartman, I knew him for some time; I did not look for any body else; I am a person employed by the proprietors of the General Insurance Office, in Cornhill.
Court. Was there a great croud? - A great many people there; the first that I observed, that I knew, was Hartman.
Mr. Garrow. Mr. Roberts, Which of the fire offices do you belong to? - Neither.
Which office was it that you was talking of? - The General Insurance Office; it is made pretty public now, No. 102, Bank-buildings.
What are you talking of; do you mean that that is advertised? - Mr. Weller is the proprietor of it, I believe.
What is your department in that office; treasurer or paymaster? - No, Sir, to apprehend people that commit robberies.
In plain English, a thief-taker. I suppose the best part of your emolument is the reward? - No, I have a weekly salary; I have heard of the reward as well as other thief-takers; I was employed at Bow-street four or five years ago; I have not been in that capacity for these two years past.
Perhaps, if you turn your eyes round, you may see some people that knew you at Bow-street: how happened you to quit Bow-street? - I believe it was about a mob or riot that happened at the handsome milliner's in Coventry-street; there was another person of the name of Roberts, and I were there at the same time.
So you was dismissed? - Yes.
Which of you wrote the instructions for the bill of indictment? - One Threadway wrote them: I have never talked of the reward to any body.
Have you ever had any conversation with Freeman about the reward? - No, not respecting the reward; but we have been speaking about whether they would be convicted.
Will you swear you never talked to Freeman about the reward? - Yes I do mean to say that never a word but about the apprehending the men; I told the prosecutor no more than I tell the court.
Have you never had any talk with him about 80 l.? - I do not know that I have; I never said any thing about what he was to say; I told him that if in case he applied to the Court for his expences, I dared say they would allow it him; I never told him of 80 l. I will swear I never talked to Freeman about the reward; I have told him there are rewards paid.
What reward did you tell him? - I told hiw in case a man was convicted of a highway robbery, there would be a reward of 40 l.
When did you say that? - I cannot say, I might have told him such a thing, but not about these two men, but I will not swear positively; I might.
PRISONER M'CARTY's DEFENCE.
I was not at the place; I had no shoes on that day.
PRISONER HARTMAN's DEFENCE.
I had no work, and I went to see the shew, and a parcel of men shoved me against this man.
The prisoner M'Carty called two witnesses to his character.
BOTH 


               GUILTY Of stealing but not violenty
            .
To be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
