





725. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, fourteen shillings in money
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Reynolds
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   REYNOLDS
               



             sworn.
I was coming along Fleet-street


, on the 8th instant, I cannot directly say what time of the night; I believe it was near one in the morning, and this woman asked me to treat her with a glass of gin; I told her I could not treat her as I had no moneybut what was sufficient to take home to my family, and I shoved her from me, in order to keep her at a distance; I had a stick in my hand; then the put her hands round my neck, and said, you had better come along with me, you have got a good way to go home, says she; I shoved her away, and at the same time I felt her hand coming out of my breeches pocket; I had fourteen shillings, part of my wages; that I had received, in it, some of the silver fell in the street; I put my hand in my pocket, and missed my money, and I catched hold of her, and called the watch; the watch came directly, and she was taken into custody, and searched; thirteen shillings was found on her, and one shilling the watchman picked up in the street; I am sure I lost fourteen shillings.


                  JOHN
                   GIBSON
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I was calling the hour past one o'clock; by the side of Fleet-market, and I heard somebody call watch; I went to see what was the matter, and that man gave me the prisoner in charge for picking his pocket of fourteen shillings; he told me she had dropped some of the money, and I looked and found a shilling; I took her to the watch-house, and searched her, and found thirteen shillings, and some halfpence upon her.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
