





82. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     STANTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, a silk purse, value 1 s. one silk handkerchief, value 2 s. one linen ditto, value 6 d. and five shillings and six pence in monies numbered
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Chance
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   CHANCE
               



             sworn.
I am a clothier
; last Thursday evening, between five and seven, I was going along the Strand


 to the play; I past, I thought, two suspicious men; presently, I missed something from my right hand coat pocket; I saw two men following me, which I belive to be the same two men I suspected before; one of them ran across the street, and the other ran down the footway, behind me; I pursued him that ran down the path, a considerable way; that was the prisoner; he turned up a little dark court, called Swan-yard; there I stopped him; I found nothing on him; I took him to a magistrate in a coach, and a gentleman with us; at Bow-street, he was searched; and I was desired to search the coach; I went immediately, and searched it; and under one of the cushions of the seats, in the same corner where the prisoner set, I found one of my linen handkerchiefs; this is the handkerchief; the gentleman that assisted me, went away.
Had you missed that linen handkerchief, before you got into the coach? - I missed every thing that was in that pocket; for it was turned inside out; there was this linen handkerchief, a silk handkerchief, and a purse containing five shillings and sixpence, all in that pocket; this handkerchief is the only thing that was found; there is no mark, but it is torn at the corner, which I very well recollect was done some time before by playing with a dog.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been to my uncle's in Pall-mall; he is clerk to Mess. Christie and Ansell; I heard the cry of stop thief; and I saw a little chap run past me; the prosecutor seized me, and could find no property about me; he broke his stick about my head; then he took me two Bow-street; I am innocent.
Court to Chance. Did you ever lose sight of him? - Never.
Jury. Did you search him before you went to Bow-street? - I just looked in his bosom.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


