





273. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     NASH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, ten yards of muslin, value 5 l.
             the property of the 
               East India Company


            .


                  JOHN
                   OAKLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a deputy elder to the East-India Company, under Mr. Corbet, at the Bengal warehouse


; deputy elders are sworn officers to take care of the property in the warehouse, consigned to the East India Company.
Court. Did you lose at any time ten yards of muslin from the warehouse of the Company? - On the 13th of February, Friday, there was a fine piece of goods lost, and I sent several of the men to hunt among the lots, and they could not find it; I found I had lost it about ten or eleven o'clock in the forenoon; there was a piece found on the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   WAY
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer in the East India Company's service, under Mr. Corbert; I picked up a piece of muslin handkerchief on Friday the 13th of February by the prisoner at the bar; I know nothing of his taking it; he was standing on one side clear of the other man, close to the loop-hole, which is the place where the goods are taken in by the crane; he is a servant, he was standing in the warehouse; the muslins are kept about three or four yards from where he was.
Was there any body else standing where the prisoner was? - There were several other people standing by him, but not nearer than a yard; I took the piece of muslin, and carried it to the elder, Mr. Oakley; I did not mark it, but I should know it; the mark upon it is 2413, Ry signifies the Rodney; this I am sure is the piece; the prisoner is a labourer.
Mr. Garrow. Which of you have been the longest in the warehouse? - I have been there four years, and the prisoner, to the best of my knowledge, six or seven months; he was put in by the late Mr. Mickie, as I understand.
You are very properly there set to watch each other; I think very often a piece is missing, is not there? - Sometimes there are.

There is a certain black board that he puts you down on; is not there? - Yes, there is.
How near was this man from that bale out of which this was taken? - Twenty yards or more; he was in that warehouse where this was deposited.
Was there a number of people to see the goods? - Yes, there were a number of people, and it was at the conclusion of the sale; there were a great number of persons at the sale.
Any ladies in the warehouse at that time? - Not to my knowledge.
Had you never had any quarrel with this man? - Never, he was a good-natured well-behaved man, for what I know; I never till that day passed three words with him; I had not had three words with him that day.
Court. Have the labourers any thing to do with these muslins? - Yes, he was employed that day in carrying them about; we have counters in the warehouse, and the lots may be where you are; we carry the lots backwards and forwards.


                  ROBERT
                   KERSEY
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer in the East-India warehouse, on the 13th of February in the warehouse in Leadenhall-street; at two o'clock we were at the door thinking to go out as usual, to our homes; the door was fastened, the goods had been shewn and were replaced; all that we shewed, Mr. Oakley had given orders that none should go out till the piece was found; we went back into the room, and some went searching about to find these things; there was John Way in an alley, between two rows of bales; he was looking at a lot; Nash was near us; I went away, and he gave me a hint; after we were all ordered to be stript and searched, the prisoner moved from the place where he stood, to another part of the room, and I seeing him go forward, followed him close up, and I saw him go to the end of one of our long tables, and I saw him pull out a piece of white goods from his right side, and as soon as I saw him pull out those goods, I told Way he had dropt it; I did not see him drop it; we went round and picked it up.
Are you sure that at the time you speak of, all the goods were put in their places? - I cannot tell you.
Did you ever come away till all the goods were in their places? - Yes, sometimes we leave them on the floor uncovered, and sometimes covered.
Court to Way. When you packed up this piece of goods, was it a place where the goods were usually laid? - No.
Oakley produced the piece of goods given to him by Way, marked No. 2413, Ry.
PRISONER.
I leave my defence to my Counsel.
The Prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
