





177. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     DONITY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of October
 last, sixty yards of camblet, value 40 s. twelve yards of green calimanco, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           George
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  HENRY
                   GEORGE
               



             sworn.
I live in Hollowell-street, Strand


. I am a silk-mercer
; I was not at home at the time the affair happened; I know nothing farther, than that my servant acknowledged I lost sixty yards of camblet, and twelve yards of green calimacco.
What is the value of them? - The value of them I imagine to be more then what I have indicted him for; but nearly one shilling a yard. They are different colours.
Are they worth two or three pounds? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. George. I know the prisoner.
Did you ever see him in your master's shop? - No, Sir; as I was putting up the shutters, the prisoner asked me the way to London bridge; I directed him; he stood some time talking with me; and as I was turning to shut up the shutters, I saw the prisoner with the goods under his arm.
What goods were they? - They were stuff and camblet. I do not know the things; my master put them into the window himself.
Whereabout were these things? - They were in the window.
Could he get these things without coming into the shop for them? - No.
Were the windows broke? - No. He was taken up in less than two minutes.
With the things upon him? - No.
Did you pursue him? - Yes. When we came to the top of Hollowell-street, the prisoner struck the other witness right across the thigh; he said, what business had he with him, and he threatened to strike him again; other people came to assist, and he was taken. I did not see the goods after. I do not know what he did with them.
Jury. Did you see the prisoner take the goods? - No, I did not.
Prisoner's counsel. What time of night was this? - Between six and seven.
What month? - The 28th of October.
It was darkish? - Yes.
Did you know the prisoner before? - No, I never saw him before.
And you saw a man pass you with a bundle? - Yes. I knew them to be the things out of our window.
How was it packed? - He had them under his arm.
What covering were they in? - There were the wrappers round them that were taken in the shop; the papers were doubled back to shew the goods in the window.
Were they carried openly? - They were under the prisoner's arm.
Do you mean to swear that positively? - Yes.
You was busy shutting up your shop? - Yes. It was in whitish paper.
Did you see this man apprehended? - Yes.
Which way was he coming? - Up the street.
Towards your shop? - Yes.
So this man, in two minutes after, was coming towards your shop, and in his way to your shop, was apprehended? - Yes.
Was nobody else taken up? - No.
Nobody stopped? - No.
Do you mean to say that? Did not you first of all stop any body else?
Mr. George. I desire to speak.
Prisoner's counsel. I desire you will not. I desire Mr. George to go out. This youngman is under your influence. Young man, you must speak the whole truth, upon your oath. Was not there somebody else stopped? - Yes; there was a shortish man stopped.
Why could not you say that when your master was here? - I did not think of it; The two men were both together.
Was not the other man stopped on the other side of the way now? - They were both together.
Answer me; was not the other young man stopped on the other side of the way? - I do not know.
And after some scuffle let go? - Yes.
Was not that in Newcastle-street? - Yes; opposite the coffee-house.
That man was going from your house, was not he? - They were both returning to our house. They were both arm in arm, and they had two long sticks; and as we were coming up to them, they struck the other witness.
Do you mean to say that these two people, when they were stopped, were arm in arm. Who has told you to say all this? - Nobody told me any thing.
You say there were two men stopped, arm in arm? - They were arm in arm when they were coming down the street.
Jury. Speak the truth, and do not be confused.
Prisoner's counsel. Do not fear any body; I do not want to puzzle you. You stopped one man first? - Yes. That man made his escape.
That man was afterwards taken into custody? - Yes; he was taken into the oil-shop, next to the coffee-house.
That man was going from your shop? - Yes.
That man was afterwards let go? - Yes.
This man, after he was discharged, was stopped coming towards your shop? - They were both taken into custody together. When we first came to Newcastle-street, I saw them both, with two large sticks in their hand; and they struck the other witness across the thigh. He ran into the coffee-house. More people came to our assistance, and they were both taken into the oil-shop together.
Jury. You say you saw the prisoner with the bundles under his arm? - Yes.
Did you pursue the prisoner without losing sight of him? - No. They were both taken up to Bow-street; and by some means the other man went out of the door. He was let go from Bow-street.
Court. Was the other man with him at the time he enquired the way to London-bridge? - No, I did not see him.
Do you mean to say it was this man that enquired his way to London-bridge? - No, it was not this man; it was somebody else.
Who that man was, you do not know. I understood you to say, that it was the prisoner who enquired his way to London bridge? - No, it was not the prisoner. I have not seen the man that enquired the way to London-bridge since.
Then you informed a man, and had some conversation with him, and was shutting up your shop; and then you saw the prisoner with a bundle under his arm? - Yes.
How do you know the bundle contained the things your master spoke of? - I am sure they were my master's goods.
How far was the man from the shop-door when you saw him with the bundle of goods under his arm? - Not two yards off. I ran into the shop, and I saw the goods were gone; and the other witness came up to me, and asked me if I had lost any thing; I said yes; and we went up to Newcastle-street, and met the prisoner and another man. They had returned again.
When you came out of the shop, had you lost sight of the man that had the goods? - Yes. I did not see him after he came to the top of Newcastle-street.
Did you ever see the goods again? - No, they were never found.
When you saw the man again, did you know that was the man that went into the shop? - Yes. It was the prisoner I saw with the goods.

Had the man that you saw with the bundle, by the shop, a stick? - Yes.
And you say, both the prisoner and the other man had sticks at the time they were taken? - Yes.
And they struck the other witness? - Yes.
Can you, from that very transient view that you had, positively swear that the prisoner is the very same man that you saw with the bundle by the shop-door? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. George.
Did you see the prisoner any where near, or at the shop? - No.
Did you go with the last witness in pursuit of him? - No. There is another witness which I think is proper to be examined before me. On the 28th of November, between six and seven, I had occasion to leave the shop; in the space of two or three minutes, I was informed the shop had been robbed; I instantly came down stairs; the lad that had been in the shop, was gone in pursuit of the person. I was directed to the west end of the street. I pursued, and met one lad turning back. I made up as soon as I could, and saw a man running into Newcastle coffee-house. I suspected him, and laid hold of him; I said, are you one of the villains; no, says he, this is not the man; but pointed to the prisoner, and said, that is the man; I immediately laid hold of the person, and took the men both together into an oil-shop just by; the boy said again, he was clear he was the man; the other person, the witness, could not swear to him, therefore he went off.
Prisoner's counsel. When did the other man go off? - Before he went to Bow-street.
You did not see the other man go to Bow-street at all? - No; there was only this one man taken to Bow-street.
It was a dark night? - It was about seven in the evening. It must be dark.
Jury. The person that told you the prisoner was the man, is the boy that has been examined? - No; it was the witness that is now coming in.


                  SAMUEL
                   MACHIN
               



             sworn.
As I was coming along Hollowell-street, Mr. George's boy was shutting in the shop. I met the prisoner in the street, walking carelessly along, in a slovenly sort of a manner. I saw two men stand on the contrary side of the way. I went on a little before. I stopped, and heard them asking Mr. George's boy the way somewhere; he said, right down there, that is the way; I turned my head, and saw the prisoner come along with the bundle of things under his arm, and two more, one on each side of him; and they passed me; then I ran back to the boy, and said to him, have not you lost something out of your shop; he said yes; I said follow me; and turning up Newcastle-street, I met the prisoner, and the other that was on the left side of him, turning back again.
Had the prisoner a bundle at that time? - No, he had not.
Are you sure the prisoner is the man? - I am sure he is the man that I saw in the street before he had the bundle; I am sure he is the man that passed me with the bundle under his arm. The little man I saw with them before, had left them; as I went past them, one of them struck me very sharp on the thigh; they said not a word; I gave them the pavement. I could not then see which it was. I went to the end of the street, and looked all the three ways; one went to Clare-market, and the other went to Butcher-row, the other to Drury-lane. 
               
                  Michael
                   Donity
               



             said, d - n you; and I think he said, what do you want; and he came with his stick up to make a blow at me, and d - nd me; then I ran into the coffee-house; he did not hit me. That was the prisoner.
Did the prisoner follow you? - The prisoner followed me up to the door; and Mr. George's man came up, and said, that is the man that had your things; what he has done with them, I cannot tell; but he is the man that had them when he came by me.

Did you stop the prisoner at the coffee-house door? - Yes.
You did not know him before, I take it for granted? - No.
And you had not many minutes to observe him? - No, not very many minutes, only the time he was passing me; but I looked very earnest at him before he had the things; and when he had the things, he was on the same side of the way, and two more; he had a round hat on, and his hair was in a twist.
And by his just passing you in that transient way, you are enabled to know him again? - Yes.
Then you lost sight of him, for you went to the shop? - I lost sight of him turning Newcastle-street corner, while I went to the shop; then after that, I pursued him up Newcastle-street, and told the boy to follow me.
What was said to these two men coming along? - Not a word. They struck me as I came past them. They were walking towards me; there was not a word of any side after the blow. I went to the top of the street.
Then they did not run away? - They did not; but they followed me to strike me again.
Then you went into the coffee-house, and they followed you close? - Yes.
After that, there was another man there? - There was another man with him at the time; I say he was the man that was with him, but he was the man that had the property; he went into the oil-shop; he had a deal to say; and the instant Mr. George came in, he took himself off.
Then that other man was not taken to Bow-street at all? - He was not.
You did not see where this man came from? - No, I did not. I saw him with the things.
Court to 
               
                  John
                   Newman
               



            . You said that these goods were in your master's shop? - Yes.
Were they wrapped up in a wrapper at the time? - Yes, there were wrappers around them, and they laid on the top of the counter.


                  GEORGE
                   FORRESTER
               



             sworn.
How old are you? - Fourteen years old next Saturday. I live opposite Mr. George's. I was standing at the dining-room window, and there was one man I saw talking to the boy, while he was shutting up the shop; and another man went in, and took something out the shop.
Jury. You do not know what man it was? - No. It was too dark.
Prisoner's counsel. Then there is an end to the capital part, my Lord.
The prisoner called six witnesses to his character.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
