






328. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GILLETT
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FORSITH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault, on the King's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Norman
                        




                     
                  , between the hours of 7 and 8 in the evening of the 5th of March, and feloniously demanding the money of the said 
                     
                        William
                         Norman
                     



                  , with an intent the same to steal
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   NORMAN
               



             sworn.
Between the hours of 7 and 8 o'clock on Thursday evening, the 5th of March, I was coming from Stepney


 to Mile End road


 across the fields, there was nobody with me; about the middle of the first field I came into I saw four men dressed like sailors coming towards me; I turned out of the way about three yards to let them pass; the prisoner Forsith whipt the stick from under his coat; and said, Master, have you got any money? Money, says I, yes; that I have plenty; then says he, deliver it it directly, for we must have it; then I put my hand in my coat-pocket; I had two brace of pistols about me; and the other prisoner, Gillett said, you may as well deliver it, for we must have it; by that time three of them had got their sticks up; he then put his stick across his arm, and came up with his hand, as if to receive the money; I had two brace of pistols about me; I pulled out a pistol from my breeches pocket; and one of the other two said, we are as good be off, we had better be off; and they ran off, and I fired right in amongst them; and I followed them, crying out stop thief! I am an officer in the excise; and I had been out after some smugglers, which is the reason of my being armed; one of these sticks I can swear to, but the other I will not; I pursued them, they separated, Gillett was never out of my sight, but Forsith got clear off; the corner of the Bank I pickt up this stick; Gillett was stopt in about ten minutes; I am sure to his person.


                  GEORGE
                   BURGESS
               



             sworn.
I had been to White-horse-lane, coming back, me and another person heard a pistol go off, and the cry of stop thief! the prisoner Gillett running past us on the opposite side of the way; I followed Gillett, and took him; I did not see Forsith; we took him to the watch-house; he said, he had done nothing; and then we asked him, how he came to run away if he was not guilty: He said, he ran, for he was afraid they would shoot him; we went afterwards near to the place, and there we found these two bludgeons.
Norman. I did not see Forsith stopt; he was taken the next morning by one ofMr. Smith's officers in Nightingale-lane; I am sure as to his person.
FOR THE PRISONER FORSITH.


                  ELIZABETH
                   CHIVENS
               



             sworn.
My husband keeps the sign of the Crown in Nightingale-lane.
Court. How long have you known the prisoner? - About six weeks; at the time he is charged of doing the robbery, he was in my house; my child was very ill; there were several people dancing up stairs, and he was with them; I went up stairs to take my child up to-bed; I had the child in my arms, and a pillow, and two bottles of medicine, and a candle; I had occasion to go through the club-room; there is a passage at the end of the club-room, which parts the room where I was going to and the club-room; this was a little before eight o'clock; I recollect it, for there was an old lady lay ill in the room; and I asked her, if she wanted any thing? and she asked me, what o'clock it was? I told her; he came up to me, and took the candle to light me; he is a very civil young man, it was on the 5th of March, on a Thursday.
Court. How do you know that; how come you to recollect it? - It was a particular day, I went to a burial that day; and Mr. Smith, the Justice, sent to my husband afterwards to know whether he he had seen Forsight at his house that evening; I should not have recollected it, but for the circumstances of his coming up to me, and holding the candle to light me.
How many people were there in the club-room at that time? - There were forty or fifty men and women.
Did you know them all? - No, I did not.
Who desired you to come here? - The Justice desired I would appear on his trial, as he had been informed he was at our house that evening; he said that as he was fully committed, nothing could be done, but I must appear here.
What part of the room did the prisoner come from, when he came and held the candle? - He came from the further part, he came running towards me.
How long did you stay in the room? - Not above a minute or two.
Was the prisoner dancing while you was there? - No.
Was there any body dancing? - Yes, some of the company were dancing, but the prisoner was not, he was standing up; there is another witness here, her name is 
               
                  Hannah
                   George
               



            , she is a stay-maker; she came to our house to order some beer, and hearing the company dancing she went up; she staid till ten o'clock.
Where does she live? - In Sun-yard, near to my back-door.
What time did she come in? - I believe a little before eight, about a quarter of an hour, or thereabouts, as near as I can recollect.
Are you sure as to the time? - Yes, I am sure it was a little before eight; she called for her beer, and then she said no, I won't have it now, I'll go up and have a dance.
How long did she stay? - Till ten o'clock.
Did the prisoner go away at the same time she did? - I believe he did.
Did you see him go away? - I believe I did, I cannot rightly say.
How do you know it was ten o'clock when he went? - We always clear our house at that time.
When she went up to join the dancers, who went up with her? - Nobody, she went up by herself.
How long was it after she had been up that you went up? - Directly afterwards, I went to put the child to bed.
Had you seen the prisoner before you went up? - I saw him at seven o'clock, he came down with an empty pot, and ordered some more beer up.
Are you sure it was him; - Yes, I am sure of it.
Who did the prisoner dance with? - I don't know who he danced with, nor whether he did dance.

Did he sup at your house? - No, none of them ever supped in the house.
Was 
               
                  Hannah
                   George
               



            's beer taken up to her? - No, she had her beer when she went home.
Are you sure it was not taken up to her? - I believe not, but I will not be certain.
Did she stop with you when she came down? - I don't recollect whether I spoke to her, or whether she spoke to me; she did not stop I am sure, I was very busy at the bar.
Which way did they come out? - They come past the bar-door to go out.
Did 
               
                  Hannah
                   George
               



             take her beer home? - I think she did when she went away; I think she had some when she went out, but I will not be positive.
Did the prisoner or 
               
                  Hannah
                   George
               



             go out first? - I think the prisoner went out just after her, I am not quite certain.
Did she stop any time in the bar with you before she went up stairs? - No, she went up stairs as soon as she came in.
She and you are very intimate? - No, she has her beer at our house.
Who was in company with the prisoner? - I don't recollect whether there was any body in particular in company with him.
Did you speak to him when he went out? - No, I did not.
Did he speak to you? - Not that I recollect; I believe he did not.
Did you observe whether the prisoner and 
               
                  Hannah
                   George
               



             went out together? - I did not, but I see them go out; I cannot say whether they went out together or not, I was busy in the bar.
How often had you seen the prisoner on that evening? - I saw him several times, he came down stairs to order beer.
Are the houses in Sun-court numbered? - No, they are not.
You and 
               
                  Hannah
                   George
               



             are particularly acquainted? - No, not particularly, she has her beer from our house.
How far is Stepney-fields to your house? About a mile and a half.


                  HANNAH
                   GEORGE
               



             sworn.
I am a stay-maker, I live in Nightingale-lane, facing to Mrs. Chivens's back-door.
How long have you lived there? - Six or seven months.
How long have you known Mrs. Chivens? - Since a little after Christmas, they came into the house then.
Had you known them before they came to that house? - No.
Have you been much acquainted with Mrs. Chivens since? - No, not much.
You have drank tea there two or three times? - I do not know, perhaps I might.
And sometimes you have drank beer there? - Yes.
Do you know Sun-yard? - Yes, I live in Sun-yard, facing Mrs. Chivens's back-door.
How come you to say Nightingale-lane? - Sun-yard is in Nightingale-lane.
Are the houses in Sun-yard numbered? - Yes, I live at No. 37, in Sun-yard.
How many houses are there? - I don't recollect rightly how many.
Are they numbered on both sides? - Yes.
Do you know either of the prisoners? - Yes, I know Forsith.
Was you ever in company with him at Mrs. Chivens's? - Yes, I was, I danced with him there one night.
When was it? - On the 5th of March.
What day? - I don't recollect the day.
How came you to recollect the day of the month more than the day of the week? - I don't recollect, I took notice of the day of the month, because this young man was taken up; he was dancing with me the night before he was taken up.
How long have you known him? - I have known him five or six months.
What brought you to Mrs. Chivens's on the night of the 5th of March? - I went in to have a pint of beer, I heard them dancing, and I went up stairs to have a dance with them.

Who did you dance with? - With that young man Forsith.
Did you and him go in together? - No, he was there when I went in.
How came you to dance with him? - He asked me to dance with him.
When you went into the house did you enquire for him? - No, I did not.
Did not you ask if he was there; did not you say you had promised to come and have a dance with him? - No, I did not ask for him, I had not promised to go to dance, with him; I had just left off work, and hearing them dancing up stairs, I went up.
What time do you leave off work? - I generally leave off work about eight.
How did you know it was eight o'clock that night? - I looked at the clock, it was within five minutes of eight.
Did you see Mrs. Chivens come up stairs? - Yes, I did; I saw Mrs. Chivens come up stairs with the child in her arms.
What did she say to you? - Nothing.
What, did not she speak to you? - No, Sir.
Nor you to her? - No, Sir.
Did not she ask you how you liked your partner? - No, Sir.
Did she speak to your partner? - I do not recollect that she did.
How soon after you came in did you go up stairs? - I went up directly.
Had you called for any thing to drink? - Yes, I called for a pint of beer; the servant brought it up stairs to me.
How soon after you had been up stairs? - Almost directly.
You are sure Mrs. Chivens did not bring it up herself? - I am sure the servant brought it up.
Had you had any conversation with Mrs. Chivens before you went up stairs? - Not any, I believe.
Are you sure of that? - I don't recollect that I had.
How soon after you went up stairs, did you begin to dance? - Almost directly.
Who did you dance with? - With that young man, the prisoner Forsith.
How long had you been dancing before Mrs. Chivens came up? - I believe about half an hour.
What did Mrs. Chivens come up for? - She came up with the child that was ill; she had a pillow and a candle, and the prisoner ran and took the candle, and held it while Mrs. Chivens unlocked the door.
When she came back, how long did she stay to see you dance? - About ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour.
How many were there dancing? - There were two couple.
What were you dancing? - We were dancing Scotch reels.
Did Mrs. Chivens come into the room again? - No, I don't recollect that she did.
Had you any brandy and water to drink? - I can't say, I was drinking all manner of liquors.
What was it that Mrs. Chivens brought up? - I don't know that she brought up any thing.
Don't you recollect her bringing up some brandy and water, or rum and water? - I can't say, but I believe it was brandy and water, or rum and water.
Who brought it up; 
               
                  Sarah
                   Taylor
               



            , or Mrs. Chivens herself? - I believe it was Mrs. Chivens herself.
How long was that after she had gone down? - I believe it was about an hour; now I come to think, she did come up again; it was her that brought the liquor.
Then you are positive now, that it was Mrs. Chivens herself brought up the liquor? - Yes, I am sure of it.
The Remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex, HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday, the 22d of APRIL, 1789, and the following Days;
Being the FOURTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Honourable 
                  
                     William
                      Gill
                  



               , 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY E. HODGSON, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND; And Published by Authority.
NUMBER IV. PART III.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row; and 
                  
                     J. 
                  


               BELL, Royal Exchange.
MDCCLXXXIX.

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  John
                   Gillett
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Forsith
               



            .
Q. to 
               
                  Hannah
                   George
               



            . Did she drink out of it herself? - I don't recollect whether she did or did not.
Don't you recollect your partner asking her to drink to the next merry-meeting? - No, I do not.
What were you dancing of then when she brought the liquor in? - We were dancing a reel then, the same as before.
Who were dancing then? - Myself, and the three young men who were dancing before.
What were there no others dancing that evening but you and those three young men? - Yes, there were more in the course of the evening; but both the times Mrs. Chivens came up, we four were dancing.
Were there any more young women in the room beside yourself? - Yes, there were plenty.
Did your partner see you home? - No, Sir.
Did not he go out of the house with you? - He did not, to the best of my knowledge.
Who did go out with you? - Nobody to the best of my knowledge.
What did Mrs. Chivens say to you when you went out? - I don't recollect.
What had you and your partner there to eat? - I had nothing, nor my partner neither.
You are sure of that? - Yes.
What was it you said to Mrs. Chivens when you went in about the beer? - I don't recollect I said any thing to her; I ordered the maid to bring it up, and she brought it up as soon as I had got up stairs.
Mrs. Chivens called in again. How long was it after 
               
                  Susannah
                   George
               



             went up stairs, that you went up yourself? - I went up directly after, before she began to dance.
Did you see her dance? - No, I did not.
Do you know who she danced with? - No, I do not.

How long did you stao in the room where they were dancing? - I did not stay a moment neither going or coming back; after I had put the child to-bed, I came back.
You are sure you did not stop to see them dance? - I did not stop at all.
Who carried up the liquor on that evening? - The man and maid servants, and sometimes my husband.
Did you carry up anything on that evening? - Yes, I went up several times.
Was the prisoner Forsith in the room every time you went up? - Yes, I believe he was; I saw him at several times, and I saw him below stairs, he came down to order more beer.
How many times did you go up after you had put the child to-bed? - I went up three or four times.
How many were there dancing? - I saw no more than two people, at each time I went up, that were dancing.
What liquor was it that you took up to the prisoner, and 
               
                  Hannah
                   George
               



            ? - I took none up to them.
What! no brandy and water? - No.
You are sure of that? - Yes.
How long did you stay in the room when you went up? - I stopt no longer than I got the money, and then I came down directly.
The prisoner Gillet called one witness to his character.
JOHN GILLETT, JOHN FORSITH,



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
