





144. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PHIPPS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of December
, two men's linen shirts, value 6 s. five neckcloths, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Hooper
                        



                     
                  , three handkerchiefs, value 18 d. and one pair of buttons, set in silver, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Swann
                        



, spinster
.


                  EDWARD
                   HOOPER
               



             sworn.
On the 2d of this month, I was in my office and desired my clerk to carry a book up stairs, the door was open and there were several people on business there, and in carrying up the book he says, Lord, Sir, here is a man going up stairs without his shoes; I went immediately out on hearing that; I jumped up and caught the prisoner by the collar, at the bottom of the stairs; he had by this time slipped into his shoes; this was between twelve and one o'clock, I meant to have kicked him out of my house; I asked him what he was going up stairs for; he said, for his prize money; I said, you rascal, I will give you that in a minute; just as I had got him to the door a person said you had better examine him; he kept himself leaning against the wainscot: I thrust in my hand in his bosom, and pulled out a shirt wet, he was then examined, and between us we pulled out from him two shirts, and five neckcloths, they were wet; the girl came in and ran up stairs, and she came down again and said she had lost her buttons; we examined him, and out of his breeches we pulled out three handkerchiefs, and he put his hand into one pocket and pulled out one button, and we found the other; the things were put up together by themselves; I could not get any constable; I sent for a coach and I put them into the coach, and the other witness and myself went away over to Guildhall, and then we gave the things to the clerk, and a constable was sent for, and the prisoner was committed.


                  MARY
                   SQUIRE
               



             sworn.
I washed the things, and carried them up stairs, and put them in the garret, my mistress was to hang them up, she sent me out, and while I was out they were taken.


                  THOMAS
                   HUDSON
               



             sworn.
I was in the house of Mr. Hooper when the prisoner was stopped and these things taken from him: I helped to stop him and search him.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to look after my prize money, and I was standing at the door, and a woman came down and gave me these things, and I had them in my hand and was taken; I live at Falmouth; I belong to the Alert sloop of war
, Captain 
               
                  Williams
               


             commands it; she has eighteen guns; she is at Woolwich.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
