





493. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HAYWARD
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Isabella, wife of 
                             
                                 
                                    Charles 
                                    Smart
                                 







                  , on the king's highway, on the 21st day of June last, and putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and feloniously taking from her person and against her will, one pair of stuff shoes, value 3 s. a pair of leather shoes, value 3 s. a pair of worsted stockings, value 10 d. a shift, value 3 s. a table cloth, value 2 s. the property of the said Charles
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)
ISABELLA SMART sworn.
On the 21st of June, I was robbed in East Smithfield


, at the bottom of White's yard, at eleven at night; the prisoner happened to come by my door in the evening about nine; I went over to a neighbour's house to pay for a bedstead, I staid to drink something; this man came by, I told him I did not chuse to drink any liquor, here is a poor lad, and he drank a glass of liquor and thanked me; I asked him to go over and shut my shutters, I knew him before; I said, have you had any victuals? he said no; and I gave him a little bit of cold pork, and sent for some beer, it was almost eleven; and, I said to him, go with me to buy me some shoes, he said he would, I went into a shop and bought a pair of new stuff shoes for myself, and a pair for my daughter, he took them from the man, and we came to another shop, I bought apair of black stockings and a shift, and a table-cloth, he stood at the door; then I went to the grocers, and I bought some tea and sugar, and I put all the things into the apron, and he turned round and said, give me the things out of your lap; no, says I, I'll carry them myself; and before I could look round me, he snapped them all out of my lap and run away with them; he took them forcibly out of my lap, I was in no fear at the time, and he used no other force than taking the things out of my apron; I saw him again on Thursday last, he said if I would forgive him, he would get the things again; I made him no promise, I thought him an honest lad.


                  WILLIAM
                   ELBY
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner by the woman's description; I heard him say before the magistrate that he had the things and fell asleep, and lost them in the street.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The prosecutrix has attended me every day since I have been in prison, she told me she was insinuated to do it by Elby.
Elby. I deny every word of it.
Court to prosecutrix. Who advised you to charge this as a robbery? - The justice.




               GUILTY, Not of the robbery
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
