





824. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RANDALL
                   alias 
RICHARDSON




             was indicted for 


               that he having been committed to Clerkenwell Bridewell


 for being a rogue and vagabond for the space of six months, and having again been apprehended on Monday the 27th of June, with a pistol and iron crow, and a dark lanthorn, was adjudged to be an incorrigible rogue, and ordered to be committed to the house of correction for two years, and afterwards on the 6th of July last, was committed to the said prison, and that he afterwards, and before the expiration of the term of two years upon the 6th day of August
 last, did feloniously break out and make his escape from the said house of correction, against the stature
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Fielding.)


                  ALEXANDER
                   FENWICK
               



            , Esq; sworn.
Here is the office copy of the record, I have compared them, and they are true copies.
(Read.)
Do you know the prisoner? - Yes.
Was that the man committed to you by that order? - Yes, this is the man that was sent to me as an incorrigible rogue, from the Sessions House; on the 6th of August about twelve or between twelve and one; my servant came to my bed-room door, and said there was somebody shot, I asked if any body was shot, and they said no, the prisoner was one of them that escaped.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   CRIDLAND
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner, I apprehended him on the 16th of May, I carried him before Sir Sampson Wright, I afterwards carried him before the Sessions, and in the month of June he was convicted as an incorrigible rogue, and sentenced to two years imprisonment.


                  JOHN
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner the last time, I know him, he was confined with Mr. Fenwick, I apprehended him at large in Drury-lane, upon the 29th of August last,
Prisoner. I would not give the Court any trouble, I was the man that was at large, I was the man that escaped out of gaol, the gaol was all open, I broke nothing; as for my name being Richardson, I never went by that name in my life.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
