





33. 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     ISAACS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
 last, a silver watch, value 20 s. a steel chain, value 6 d. a steel swivel seal, value 6 d. a base metal key, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Eland
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   ELAND
               



             sworn.
I live in Union-street, Whitechapel


; I keep a chandler's shop
, and belong to the East-India Company's warehouse; on the 6th of November when I got up, I brought down my watch, and hung it on a nail in the parlour, at the back of the shop, and in about twelve or fourteen minutes after, I left home: I am sure it was there then.


                  SARAH
                   ELAND
               



             sworn.
On Friday morning, the 6th of November, the prisoner came in for a farthing-worth of sand; I went to get the sand, and he followed me into the back-house; my back was to him serving the sand, and he took the watch off the nail; I did not see him; I put the sand in his lap: I followed him, and shut the shop door to stop him from going out; I said what have you got in your lap; we stood on each side the door; I pushed my lame hand into his apron, and pulled out the watch; I said you have got my master's watch? he pushed me down, threw the sand down, and opened the door and ran away; he did not take away the watch.
(The watch produced and deposed to, maker's name, 
               
                  Robert
                   Andrews
               



            , No. 1470.)
I have had it near thirty years.


                  REBECCA
                   HEATH
               



             sworn.
My husband is a sailor; about half after eight, on the 6th of November, I heard a great screaming, I saw a man, and this woman lay all along in the shop, with the watch in her hand; she said, stop him; I cried stop, and in three minutes the prisoner was brought back.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On the 6th of June I went to Billinsgate market, early in the morning: I could earn nothing; I went to my sister to borrow a shilling; I met her in the street, with a milk pot in her hand; says I, lend me a shilling; says she, I have none, I will ask my husband; she gave me a halfpenny, to get a farthing's-worth of sand; I went next door, I had my apron on; says I, good woman, give me a farthing's-worth of sand; she brought it me; I gave the halfpenny into her hand; she went and took the watch out of the sand, out of my lap.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
