





431. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GIBSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of May
, ten yards of chintz cotton, value 15 s. and ten yards of muslin, value 15 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Edward 
                     Dalton
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Barber
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   EDWARD DALTON
               



             sworn.
I am a linen draper

, in partnership with Mr. John Barber; on the 22d of May, I lost the goods mentioned in the indictment; I know no more; I only came to prove the property.


                  THOMAS
                   BARBER
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to the prosecutors; on the 22d of May, about three o'clock, I was in the back ware-house; and a young man, fellow for handcuff shirt, requested me and said, there were two women and a girl in the shop in company together, whom he had suspicion of; I came forward, and the prisoner was being served with some Irish; I looked at them for about two minutes, and not observing any thing, I went to the other side of the counter, and saw the girl pick a piece of chintz cotton up from off the ground, and on her being observed she put it on the counter, and said it had fallen down; this confirmed my suspicions, and I desired them to walk backwards that I might send for a constable to search them; on the prisoner's going backwards, she went rather stooping as if endeavouring to conceal something; I desired her to walk along, and on her rising, I saw the piece of muslin which her clothes hid before; there was nothing else found on her, or the other two; I sent for a constable, and they were all taken to the compter; I delivered the goods to the constable; the grand jury, I have been informed, did not find a bill against the other two.
- DANIEL sworn.
I am another servant of the prosecutor's; the prisoner came into the shop with another woman and a little girl; they went to the apprentice for half a yard of Irish, and he being busy, desired me to serve them, which I did; when I had served them, they desired to look at some muslins which were lying on the counter with some other goods; after they had looked a while, I missed the girl, upon which I looked over the counter, and saw the girl stooping, and she looked at me, and was very much confused; I then whispered one of my fellow-servants to go for Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Barber
               



            , who was in the back warehouse, as I then had my suspicions; Jones (the woman that was with the prisoner) says, why do not you get up; she did not; I looked over the counter again, and she appeared much confused indeed, the third time I did so, and then she lay this piece of chintz on the counter, whichwas very dirty; then the witness Barber jumped over the counter, and shut the shop doors, and told them they were his prisoners, and desired them to walk backwards; I followed, and just before they got to the warehouse, I saw the witness Barber pick up this piece of muslin; it was close by the prisoner.
Court. How far was Jones, the other woman, from the prisoner? - About two or three yards; the muslin was given to the constable, and the chintz was put in a cupboard; the constable's name is Jones; I know the property by the shop mark.


                  Thomas
                   Barber
               



            , being called again, also swore the property to be the prosecutor's by the shop mark upon it.


                  WILLIAM
                   BRITTAIN
               



             sworn.
I was standing behind the counter; I saw the prisoner and two others come into the shop; they asked to look at some Irish; I took down some pieces; there was another lady on the other side of the counter, who bought some muslin; the muslins were left on the counter; while I was folding up the Irish Mr. Barber went on the other side of the counter, and I heard him say, ladies, you have got something you have no business with; and he took them backwards to search them; and as they were going to be searched, I saw him with a piece of muslin in his hand, which had dropped from the prisoner, and he said,
"ladies, I have caught you," and they were taken into custody; the muslin was given to 
               
                  Jones
               


             the constable; I know the property.


                  EDWARD
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; (produces the muslin) it was given to me when I was sent for to take the prisoners.
The property sworn to by Dalton and Barber.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
