





162. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     EVANS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of December
 last, two silk handkerchiefs, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Snowden
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   SHAW
               



             sworn.
I am servant to 
               
                  Henry
                   Snowden
               



            . The prisoner was sent for to put a square of glass into the window; the handkerchiefs were there when he came; it is six weeks ago. After he had done this work, the handkerchiefs were missing; we desired him to stop till he was searched, and two silk handkerchiefs were found upon him.


                  WILLIAM
                   NORMAN
               



             sworn.
I searched the prisoner, and found these two handkerchiefs upon him.
(Produced and deposed to by the paper with-inside, which the witness, Shaw, put in himself.)
It has no writing upon it.
How do you know it is the paper? - It is a sheet of our shop paper; I put it in myself.
Mr. Knowlys, prisoner's counsel. How far may the prisoner live from your master? - About thirty yards; he never was employed before; he had not been long in the neighbourhood.
I believe it was some time after the pane of glass was broke, before this man came? - The pane was broke; we sent for him immediately, and he came soon after.
Was not he in liquor? - I did not perceive it.
How long was he mending this window; did not you observe he mended it very bunglingly? - I did not observe it; he was not long time about it.
Who first told him to stop at your master's till he was searched, you? - No, Sir.
Who, then? - Another young man that was in shop.
Is he here? - No. I took the goods out of the bottom of the window, that they might not be in his way.
The glazier
s always carry with them some dirty cloths to mend the windows? - A brush is most properly used. The glazier that glazed for us before used a brush.
Did you happen to observe where those cloths were? - No.
These handkerchiefs lay folded up in a square? - Yes.
A handkerchief that a man dropped out of his pocket might cover this bundle? - It is about six inches square.
You was present when he was searched? - Yes.
Did he make any difficulty in stopping? - No.
Where had he left the diamond that he cuts the glass with? - I do not know.
Do not you know that he left a diamond on the window? - It never was seen there.

He was, I believe, desired to walk up stairs? - Yes.
Who walked up stairs with him? - My master.
I believe your master afterwards left him alone in the room? - I cannot say.
Who went for the constable? - He ordered one of the young men to go for the officer. I was in the shop; I did not pay attention; I did not see my master in the shop before the constable came; he might be there.
Did not this man, in your hearing, say he did not know he had any thing of that sort about him? - He said in the shop, that he did not know he had them. I did not perceive him any worse for liquor.
Did you attend at all to that circumstance? - He went about his business as well as another man.
Was not there, at the same time in his pocket, a very dirty cloth, with which he wiped the windows? - I did not see any dirty cloths; there were his gloves, his pocket-handkerchief, and some other things.
Jury. Can you, on your oath, swear that was the property of your master? - I can, Sir.
Mr. Knowlys to the constable. Did the prisoner make any difficulty to your searching him? - He said he had doubled them up once more than they were before. There were no dirty cloths in his pocket, nor his gloves; there was his key, that he shewed us. His handkerchief was not in that pocket. I did not see the diamond.
Was the prisoner alone in the dining-room when he came up? - No. There were two women in the room, the nurse, and the mistress, she was not able to get out of the room.
- INGATE sworn.
I am a collar and harness-maker in the same yard where the prisoner had the front shop; that is pretty near the prosecutor's.
Do you know the day he was taken up? - Yes.
Was he in your company that day? - Yes. We had two pints of purl; he would have prevailed upon me to have continued drinking, and to smoak a pipe; but I told him I could not stay; I left him in the publick-house. I know nothing of the man, only one fortnight.
The prisoner called seven other witnesses, who all gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.




[Transportation. See summary.]


