





614. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MORLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th day of May
 last, one silk handkerchief, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Noah 
                     Le Crass
                  




               
            , Esq
;


                  NOAH
                   LE CRASS
               



             Esq; sworn .
I perceived somebody bob against my right hand coat pocket, upon which I put my hand into my pocket, and found my handkerchief was gone; upon which I turned and found that boy close to me, he was on the right side of me, from which I lost my handkerchief; I taxed him with my handkerchief, I looked under his coat, and there was my handkerchief, it is a silk handkerchief.
(The handkerchief produced by the constable and deposed to marked N. L. C.)


                  WILLIAM
                   WISEMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a fishmonger, I was going through Grocer's-alley home, and in Dove-court, I saw the prisoner run down the alley against the wall, and the prosecutor said, you have got my handkerchief, he denied it; I saw the gentleman take it out of his bosom, then I collared him, and carried him to the Compter, I gave the handkerchief to the constable, and I saw the mark before it was given to him.


                  JOHN
                   MAJOR
               



             sworn.
I am constable of Portsoken ward , this handkerchief was delivered to me, I have had it in my care ever since.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going down to my mother's, and there were two boys after that gentleman, and as I was coming through Grocer's-alley, the two boys picked his pocket, and I went up to tell the gentleman, and the gentleman took hold of me.
Court to Prosecutor. Were there any other boys near? - Yes, there were, but this boy was close to my pocket.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
