





185. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ALLEN, alias 
CONNER




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the second of January
, one man's hat, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   DORRINGTON
               



             sworn.
I live No. 4, Broad-street, Bloomsbury


; I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  George
                   Jones
               



            , a hatter
; about six in the evening, of the 2d of January, a woman came in and asked for one Mrs. Smith, a washerwoman; she said she was directed there; while I was speaking to her in the shop, I heard a rustling of some people; I called Mr. Jones's son, who worked backwards, to know how many cocked hats there were in the shop window, he told me four, I saw but three; I immediately went out, it was dark; I did not see the prisoner in the shop; I went half-way up the street, and returning I heard a noise just by Crown-court, Broad-street; there I saw the prisoner in custody of Mr. Jones's son, I assisted him in taking her to the shop; he found the property on her.


                  GEORGE
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I was at work in the back shop, and Dorrington asked me how many cocked hats there were in the window, I told him four; in the mean time he told me to stop in the shop, and he ran out to see if he could find the woman, a woman that was in the shop said she would go to the pork-shop; I followed her, and she came up to the prisoner, and then I saw the prisoner have the hat under her cloak, I laid hold of her, and said she had stolen the hat; she dropped the hat, and clapped me round the waist, and said my dear how do you do; then I caught hold of them both, and the prisoner hit me with a half sieve, which she had on her head, and the other woman kicked me; I could not hold them both, and the other ran up Crown-court, I was afraid to follow her.
Could any person have taken this hat without being in the shop? - She might stand in the passage and take it; I did not see the prisoner in the shop.


                  GEORGE
                   MECHAN
               



             sworn.
I took charge of the prisoner and the hat.
Dorrington. The value of the hat is eight shillings and sixpence.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A woman was shewing me the hat who wanted to sell it.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privily
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
