





696. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
 last, thirty-six pounds weight of salt butter, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Fish
               




            .


                  ROBERT
                   FISH
               



             sworn.
I lost a tub of salt butter on the 12th of August, on Wednesday; the prisoner came to my house, and said he was sent by Mess. Keysell and Co.; that the carman had made a mistake, and left a wrong firkin of butter; and if I would return it, I should have a better the next morning; I told the prisoner, that when Mr. Keysell sent me another tub, I would return that; he then went away, and returned again in about an hour, with a very pressing message;and said, Mr. Keysell was distressed for a firkin of butter to send to another place, where they were not so particular; as being a young man who had lately taken a shop, he thought the butter would hurt me in my customers; in consequence of which pressing message, I let the prisoner have the firkin of butter: I had some suspicion he did not come from Mr. Keysell; in consequence of which, I watched him; he went in a straight line for Mr. Keysell's warehouse, to the end of the street where I live; and to the end of another street; at the end of the first street, he rested at one of the posts; at the end of the second, he crossed Monmouth-street, and there he set it down at the step of a door, and sat upon it; he then went a contrary way to my house, or to Mr. Keysell's, down Monmouth-street, near the middle of it, neither the way to Mr. Keysell's, nor back to my house; I took him to Mr. Keysell's, and he said he never knew him, or employed him.


                  MARK
                   SKINNER
               



             sworn.
I am a clock-maker, and lodge at Mr. Fish's; I was going in; I saw the prisoner take the butter on his head; Mr. Fish asked me to follow him; he turned down the wrong street; I followed him, and took the butter off his head; the prisoner said he was going to return it back again.


                  WILLIAM
                   BREACH
               



             sworn.
I have been servant to Mr. Keysell five years; I never saw the prisoner before.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was out of employ; and I went past Mr. Keysell's shop; and the carman was coming out with some goods; and I went by his desire, with him to the Seven Dials; and he gave me some drink at the Crown; and I went with him to several places; and he sent me for the firkin of butter in Mr. Keysell's name; and Mr. Fish refused to give it me; and he sent me a second time, and Mr. Fish gave me the firkin of butter; and I carried it to the place where he sent me from; I did not see him, and I sat upon it to look for him; and I was going to carry it back, and Mr. Fish took me by the shoulder.
Court to Fish. Did he give you this account when he took him? - No; to the best of my recollection, he said, had not I been in so great hurry, he should have brought it back again.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
