





476. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
 last, sixteen pounds weight of lead, belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Wellford
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a building of her's, against the statute
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Silvester.)
- BATSON sworn.
I am a builder at Limehouse, I was returning home one morning at two o'clock, in company with Mr. Rich, I had spent my evening at the Britannia; just as we came out of the door we met the prisoner, and having had so may depredations committed lately, I suppose to the amount of one thousand weight of lead and other things, as my servant was lighting me home, I saw two men passing, and suspected them to be thieves, and I asked them what business they were on; they hesitated, and said they had been at tide's work atBlackwall; I doubted that, I called the watch, but none was to be found; I began to examine about the body of one of them, and he started from me, but my coachman pursued him, two men pursued the other man, but he effected his escape by jumping into the New Cut, and throwing himself over a wall, from which he sell sixteen feet; but this man we secured, he was never out of my sight, only while I turned to pursue the other; I returned immediately, and we took him to the public-house; I took the lead from him, it is a gutter lead, about sixteen pounds; I marked the lead, and the next day I went to the house; this is the lead I marked, it belonged to the public-house, sometimes called the Mitre, and sometimes the Hand and Flower, it fits clearly like an indenture, I have no doubt it is the lead belonging to that house, I believe it is Mrs. Wellford's house, there is a brother of her's receives the rents.


                  ROBERT
                   CANEY
               



             sworn.
I know this house, the Hand and Flower, otherwise the Mitre, it is the property of 
               
                  Mary
                   Wellford
               



            ; I receive the rents for her.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had just come up from the ship I belonged to at Chatham, I crossed over Gravesend to go to an acquaintance, and coming up from Berking, I was rather belated, I wanted to go down by the longboat, and coming through the fields by Blackwall, I picked up that piece of lead; I did not take the lead away from the place, nor any thing of the kind.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
