





45. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     VERNON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of November
 last, two linen shirts, value 5 s. a sheet, value 1 s. two childs aprons, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wint
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   WINT
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 73, Grub-street


; I am a broker
, I lost two linen shirts, a sheet, and two check aprons from my house; the prisoner was my servant
, I lost them from my bed-chamber; one shirt has my initials and the other shirt I can swear to; I missed them on Saturday the 28th of November, at night, I had not seen one of them for fourteen days.


                  WILLIAM
                   HEPTINSTALL
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Parker, a Pawnbroker, No. 74, Grub-street; I know the prisoner, she pawned with me two shirts, two checked aprons, and a sheet; these things were all pawned separate; she had several times been at our house to pawn things.


                  WILLIAM
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I had four duplicates which I found on the prisoner; a shirt,two shillings and sixpence; the 20th, a shirt, two shillings and six-pence; the 25th of November, an apron; the 28th, a sheet, three shillings; these things were brought to me by these duplicates.
Heptinstall. These are our duplicates, I have the tickets that correspond with them.
Can you upon your recollection, say, it was this woman that brought the apron? - The owner said she had lost other things, and we searched the warehouse and found another apron.
(The things produced and deposed to.)
Prosecutor. This shirt I know by being joined in the collar, it was too little, and had a piece put in, the other shirt has my initials, I do not know this apron; I cannot swear to the sheet.
Court to Prosecutor. Was she a servant at your house? - Yes, at the time; I took her up immediately on finding the things at the pawnbroker's, I never gave her any shirts, she was only a weekly servant.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say in my defence, and have no witnesses.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
