





617. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     PALE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October
,one piece of Irish linen cloth, containing twenty five yards, value 25 s. and two yards and a half of woollen cloth, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .
- HARWOOD sworn. 
On the 3d of October last, a person came, a young man, not the prisoner; he asked for Mr. Jones; it was about dusk; about six; I was shutting up shop; I said, this was it; he told me, it was Mr. Jones's, of Aldgate; I pointed him to Aldgate; and I turned round, and saw the prisoner turn the corner of St. Helen's


, with two bundles; I went after him, and laid hold of him; some of his companions pushed the prisoner from me; he got away; I kept the goods; he was pursued, and taken; he was out my fight, but I am sure he was the same; he was taken in two or three minutes; I put the things down in the shop, and they were given in charge to the constable; they were the same things I took from the prisoner.


                  BENJAMIN
                   BEST
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner in St. Helen's; and as soon as I came, some people took him away; he was never out of my sight; I am sure he is the same my lad had hold of.


                  FRANCIS
                   BAYLEY
               



             sworn.
I received these things in Mr. Jones's shop; Harwood was there; I marked each of them, and gave them to Mr. Jones.
Jones. I delivered them to Harwood.
Harwood. I have had them ever since.
(Deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was walking along St. Helen's, and somebody run by, and knocked me down, and they took me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
