






452. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     COOK
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     SLATER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d day of March
 last, two live fowls, value 2 s. and one leather saddle, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Murrell
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   MURRELL
               



             sworn.
I keep the Castle, at Kentish town




, I missed my fowls out of my stable; about five in the morning I was called up, and I overtook the prisoners with the things on them: Slater had the saddle, Cook had a bag with a Cook and a hen, which belonged to me, the were speckled fowls, I had them from chickens, they were a year old, I can swear to them; the saddle was mine, I imagine they got over the gates.


                  WILLIAM
                   CHALKLEY
               



             sworn.
I was going to milking, and I saw two men go towards this stable, and I saw another come with a sack on his back as I thought, the other came from towards the stables, I gave information to the prosecutor, seeing the door open; I do not know that the prisoners were the two men.
PRISONER COOK's DEFENCE.
I went out early this morning with my brother, who was going to Liverpool, and I parted with him at the one mile-stone, and this man overtook him with the things mentioned in the indictment, and he asked me to carry the bag, I did not think any harm in it, and in a hundred yards they stopped me.

PRISONER SLATER's DEFENCE.
About a quarter of a mile from the place I found the bag and the saddle, and I over-took this young man, and asked him to carry the bag for me, I have no friends within three hundred miles, I came out of Lancashire.
Prosecutor. Upon Slater, I found a tinder box and steel, and a knife.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Each to be 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
