





383. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PHILLIPS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of the Reverend


                           John 
                           Douglas
                        




                     
                  , D. D. about the hour of one in the night, on the 5th of March
 last, and burglariously stealing therein one fish-skin et wee case, value 3 s. one knife, with a silver handle, value 12 d. a pair of scissars, value 6 d. one instrument, value 3 s. one silver milk-pot, value 5 s. one tooth pick case, value 4 s. one egg trinket, set in metal, value 5 s. three gold mourning rings, value 20 s. three shirts, value 24 s. one great coat, value 20 s. one silk sash, value 5 s. one silk scarf, value 15 s. one gold ring, value 6 l. one gold ring, with a stone set therein, value 3 l. one snuff-box, with a picture set in the lid, value 8 l. one varnish snuff-box, value 5 s. one other box, value 5 s. one iron key, value 1 d. and two pounds eight shillings and sixpence in monies numbered
            , his property.
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)
The Rev. 
               
                  JOHN
                   DOUGLAS
               



            , Doctor of Divinity
, sworn.
I live in Amen Corner


; I returned home on the Monday evening, on the 5th of March last, about eight o'clock; we had dined the day we had installed our dean, and after throwing off my clergyman's dress, and writing some letters; and one circumstance is necessary to mention, about nine o'clock I went into the water-closet, and I observed the window was shut; I went to the arch-deacon of Buckingham's house, and staid with him till twenty minutes after eleven, and supped with him; we have three residentiary houses, which are enclosed by a great gate; the house that I live in is the first; I returned home about half past eleven, and Mrs. Cowper, the servant that belongs to the three residentaries, (as my family were at Windsor) was ready to let me into my house; I desired her to go up stairs, and warm my bed; I undressed myself, and put my wig on the table in the inner room; I observed she locked the house door; she sleeps in the porter's lodge; she was to come again in the morning early, to open the house, and light the fire; this lodge is distinct from my house; I always shut the library door, which is the room I generally fit in; I shut another room door, that leads down to the kitchen, the back stairs, and the door that leads into the hall; there are two halls; all these doors I shut before I went to my bed-chamber; in the morning, I think Saint Paul's bell was tolling, that was a quarter before seven, Mrs. Cowper called out that the house was robbed; I got up instantly, and went into the library; it was then not quite seven; the moment that I came into my library, Mrs. Cowper had opened some of the windows; there are three windows in the library; they were all shut, and well secured on the over night with inside shutters; by the partial light that was let in by some of the windows being open, I saw the writing-desk broke open; there I kept my most valuable things I had in the house; that was locked the preceding night; the key was in my pocket in my bed-chamber; I found the upper lock forced open; there was another that drew out; that lock had been picked; the others were forced open; in the inside of the upper drawer lay all these four keys that are here; on the right-hand, one of these four keys was in the single press, of six presses under my book-case, where I kept any thing of consequence, which was the only one that contained any thing but books; none of the other presses were locked; every thing was thrown in the utmost confusion; there was a great many manuscript sermons; they were thrownabout, most of them on the floor; this red leather trunk was found quite empty; it contained an egg trinket, which is the only article we can produce in court.
How lately before this robbery had you seen this trinket? - Not perhaps since February; I believe in the course of that month I think I must have seen it, for I had a mourning-ring there, that I would have wished to have tried on my finger, and it would not enter at all, having had the gout fixed on the joint of it; I can charge my memory with having seen it in February; there were three mourning-rings, and some other articles that have not been traced; I immediately missed three snuff-boxes, one of them a very remarkable fine tortoise-shell, very large, with a picture; I suppose it cost more than ten guineas, a great many years ago; it might not be worth ten shillings now; there was a varnished snuff-box, which I had bought when I was at Spa; I had hardly used it; it was in this leather case, in one of the pidgeon-holes; the case was left empty; I lost a fish-skin case of instruments, that was lying in my ink-standdish, that was on the library table; a silver small pair of scissars, a knife, and other instruments were in that case; in the upper part of that writing-desk there was usually two keys of padlocks; they used to lay in a bit of paper together; one of them I found in the morning, the other was taken away; on the inside of the writing-desk there was a green varnish tooth pick case, with flowers of different colours, but the ground was green, and the pipe was what they call tortoise-shell, that was gone; I lost three shirts; going into my dressing-room, which is within my library, the window was close barred; I opened that window, and found the lower part of an India cabinet was broke open; in the upper part of that cabinet I kept papers; there might be a surplice, I believe; there was a glass door; nothing appeared but papers; I always kept all my linen in that lower part, and any body that lived in my house might know it; the upper part of the cabinet, that contained papers, was locked; I found these three keys laying on the carpet, immediately before that lock; they had been taken out of the desk; there were taken from that three shirts; there were no more there.
Do you know the prisoner? - Yes, to be sure; he lived with me six months; he entered into my service, by an almanack which I have here, on the 4th of April, 1786, and was discharged the 30th of September, as appears by my memorandum-book; I saw him once since, when he came and begged hard I would give him a character; I think that was the only time I saw him; I went into the water-closet between seven and eight in the morning; it was locked; there were three or four keys to it; the key that lay in the standish had certainly been made use of, and that part of the house had been entered in the night-time, because in the morning, between seven and eight, I found that sash open; there was no shutter or bar, or any thing; I found the floor of the water-closet all wet, and the cistern that conveyed the water into the bason was emptied; on pulling the string, there was no water came; I was satisfied it had been emptied in the night-time, and they let all the water run in till the bason overflowed.
Where did you find the key of that closet? - I found it laying in the ink-standish, and the door fastened; I found on one side some sheet lead (that was laid across the cistern, and some wire, to protect it from rusting) was all turned up, somebody's hand or foot must have pressed improperly against that lead, and shoved that lead out of its place; there must have been considerable force to change the form of it.
Mr. Knowlys. I think it was a little before seven that you was called up? - Yes.
At that time it was perfectly light, and had been so for some time? - Certainly.
Mr. Garrow. Did you observe any thing remarkable on any of your tables? - The corner of the library table, which has a deal drawer, I did observe a greasy round circular mark, and it struck me that it hadbeen occasioned by the standing of a dark lanthorn; I had no candlestick in my house that could make so small a mark; the candlestick I used has a large square bottom, that was plated; the buckles I had in my shoes were plated; they were not taken; the most valuable things were taken, and those of little value left; I had written two penny-post letters, and laid two-pence upon them; the pence were taken, and the letters left.
Mr. Knowlys. Nothing particular had happened to lead your attention to that table the night before? - No; on that table I left my buckles and candlestick, when I went to bed; there was a greasy mark; I had not observed such a mark before.


                  ELIZABETH
                   COWPER
               



             sworn.
I attend at the porter's lodge, the canons' residentiary of St. Paul's; I remember attending Doctor Douglas, on the 5th; I warmed his bed, a little after eleven, then I went to bed, and double locked the street-door, as I always did, and took the key with me; I found the door double locked in the morning; I went to the Doctor's house at half after six.
Did you go into any other part of the house beside the Doctor's bed-room that night? - No, Sir, only into the kitchen; I did not go into the water-closet.
In what condition did you leave the kitchen, as to these fastenings, when you went away? - The kitchen door latched, and the door bolted on the inside, in the passage, and the other door locked; I double locked the street door and the outer door; when I came the next morning, I found the door double locked, and the door next to it shut, as I had left them; when I had opened the passage door, I saw the library door open; I shut the parlour door over night; that I found open; the stair-case door, leading to the kitchen, and the back stairs, that I found open; I went into the kitchen first; I found that door wide open; I am sure I left the kitchen door bolted the night before; then I came up into the library, and I saw the door of the press under the book-case, where the Doctor puts his sugar and tea, with the key in it, and the door open; that I was surprised at; at a distance I saw something white, which I took for a shirt, but it was a parcel of papers; I saw the lid of the writing-desk open four or five inches, and the contents all up in heaps; I came to the fire side, and turned round to look at the library, and a drawer of a card-table was taken out; I believe there was no lock to it; the papers were some thrown out on the table, and some in; then I went and called my maid to light the kitchen fire, and called the Doctor, and went into the water-closet; the Doctor called me, and the window was up, and the floor all wet.
Did you observe any thing particular on the library table? - I did not.
Any mark of any sort? - No, nobody pointed it out to to me.
Mr. Knowlys. When you came to the house it was perfectly light, I take it? - Yes, it had been light some time.


                  CHARLES
                   JEALOUS
               



             sworn.
I am an officer in Bow-street; I apprehended the prisoner on the 7th of March; I think it was on a Wednesday, much about three in the afternoon; I found him at the Horse-shoe public-house, in Fleet-street, up a court, kept by Mr. Barker, a very good sort of a man; I searched him, and found a pocket-book, with twelve duplicates; and I found a key of a padlock upon him, and nothing else of consequence; I went to a place where these things were, in Plumb-tree Court, next door to the Vine Tavern, at one Mr. Griffiths's; he would not say whether it was or was not his lodgings; the things that were found at that place he acknowledged to be his; there was nothing relating to these; he was asked how he came by the key of the padlock; he said he found it; I tried this key to the padlock, in Doctor Douglas's Cellar, in the presence of Mrs. Cowper, and it opens it; he said, at the time, that the pocket-book and theduplicates did not belong to him; in consequence of these duplicates I went to Mr. Dobres, a pawnbroker, in Holborn, where I found a shirt; at Mr. Lane's I found a pencil case, pawned for 2 s. I did not see it.


                  GEORGE
                   WIGWILLEN
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to Mr. Dobres, pawnbroker, in Holborn; I produce a shirt, it was taken in of the prisoner; I saw it taken on Tuesday the 6th of March; about eleven or twelve.
In what name? - In the name of Smith; the prisoner had been a customer before, so we asked him no questions; this is the duplicate; six shillings was lent upon it; he has been a customer at our shop about two months; I am sure he was the person; I know him perfectly well; this is the shirt that he pledged.


                  FRANCIS
                   FLEMING
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Lane, pawnbroker, in Drury-lane; the prisoner has not been at the shop before that I remember; on the 6th of March, I took from him an etwee case, and a tooth-pick case, in the name of Smith, about four in the afternoon; I lent him two shillings upon them; this is the duplicate; I am sure of the prisoner; here is a knife in the fish-skin case, with a silver handle; and a pair of little scissars, and a steel instrument for cleaning teeth; there was nothing in the tooth-pick case.
Mr. Knowlys. Mr. Lane's is a shop of a good deal of practice? - Yes.
An established shop, and a good many customers in the course of a day? - Yes, we have.
This person had not been a customer before? - Not that I remember.
Dr. 
               
                  LUKE
                   HESLOP
               



             sworn.
By whom was this egg delivered? - By Mr. Humphries.
You have had it in possession ever since? - Yes.
Mrs. HUMPHRIES sworn.
I have been acquainted with the prisoner several months; I saw him give this egg to my child on the Tuesday morning.
Mr. Knowlys. Do you take this to be a common kind of trinket? - Yes, I did not think it of any value.
Did you ever see such a one before? - Yes, I have.
(The things deposed to by Dr. Douglas.)
I have no doubt of them; this is the fish-skin case; I am certain of them by twenty marks; this trinket I have had in my possession, thirty-five years next December; I have had frequent occasions of looking into the little box where it was; it belonged to a lady that died many years ago; I am thoroughly sure, if it is a thing that is capable of being ascertained; mine was cracked exactly in the same manner; and that bit of wire by which it is suspended, is remarkably slight; I lost such a padlock key as this, that night; I have not seen it tried by the padlock in the cellar, but I had two padlock keys, one was left and the other was lost; I lost such a key as that; I cannot swear to it; the keys do not exactly agree; I suppose both the keys open the same padlock; there was a shirt produced to me at Bow-street; it was compared by other people; I wish to say nothing about the shirt, it will be proved.
Mr. Knowlys. You say you have no doubt about this etwee case, Sir? - No, Sir.
It is very old, and very much out of repair, and I suppose will sell for very little indeed? - I am very unequal to say what it is worth; it cost about 25 s. at first, it is very old and out of order.
This trinket, you can hardly set any value upon it; is this your house? - As residentiary of Saint Paul's, it is my freehold; I occupy it, and that is enough; I lost things to the value of fifty pounds, and the person who took these took a great many more.

As to this key it is a very common kind of key? - You are as good a judge as I am, there is no doubt of it.


                  HESTER
                   HATCH
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Doctor Douglas; this shirt is his; he had but a very small quantity of linen in town; at this time the mark is picked out; there is an I left.
Can you trace what the other mark had been? - The round mark of the blue appears to be the shape of a D.
Is there any number there? - Here is, but it is picked so, it is not perfect; I cannot positively trace it out.
In what colour had it been originally marked? - With blue Coventry thread; that was the manner in which the Doctor's linen was marked in progressive numbers; the number 5 was lost that night, and I believe the others were old shirts; I cannot be positive whether this is a 5 or not; this shirt is a plain shirt, very much like the Doctor's shirts in the collar, the wristbands, and the make of the shirts wholly; it is not my own making; I really think it is one of his shirts; the I is marked with blue Coventry thread, and the mark that remains is the mark of blue.
(The shirt handed to the Jury.)
Jury. We can see No. 5; it is very plain; I. D. No. 5.
Mr. Garrow to Mrs. Hatch. Have you any doubt but that is one of the Doctor's shirts? - Not the least; I have seen the other articles many times in the Doctor's places; I know he had such things; the Doctor kept his tea and sugar in a press, at the bottom of the book case; I know the prisoner lived in the Doctor's service some months in that house.
Court to Mrs. Cooper. Was you present when Mr. Jealous tried the key of the padlock to the cellar door? - Yes, I saw him try it twice.
Did the key open the padlock? - It did, as if it had been bought for it.
Have you occasionally had the Doctor's linen pass through your hands? - Yes, when the servants are out of town, I have washed the shirts.
Look at that shirt; do you believe from the appearance of that shirt that it is one of Doctor Douglas's? - I have no doubt of it.
Doctor 
               
                  Heslop
               


            . I am Arch-deacon of Bucks; I live the next door but one to Doctor Douglas, in the Bishop of London's residentiary-house; I visit him frequently; he went from my house that night; he pulled out his watch and said, it was twenty-three minutes past eleven; this egg I took from Mrs. Humphries, about nine or ten at night; as soon as I took it from my pocket, the doctor was sitting at some distance; it was candle light; says he, that is mine, it belonged to my first wife; he said it was cracked, and the thinness of the wire; before it was put into his hands, he was at a greater distance from me than I am from you; calling at the pawnbrokers, he said, he believed he had this and the toothpick case; I desired him to bring it to my house; he did, upon producing it, the Doctor said, that is mine, for on taking hold of it at top you take off all at once; and there was a little bit of ivory lost, and that there was a silver top, but the pencil had been lost for some time; about nine in the morning after the robbery, the Doctor pointed out to me the grease on the table; I went and examined it, and in my judgement, it had entirely the appearance of a dark lanthorn set down there; that was my conclusion.
Court. You do not mean that there was any real grease upon it? - It was not grease that you might have taken up with your finger, but there was so much that you might have scratched it up with your nail; the Doctor first pointed out the water-closet to me; there is a cistern on the outside; it supplies two water closets; there are two closets; the one draws up and the other slides half-way back; there appeared no view of any person entering forcibly; but the only place I could discover after examination, that must have been the place of entering as it suggested itself; just beyond the edge ofthe cistern, seemed either two hands or two feet marks, such as your foot or hand would make an impression when there had been a little rain; they were recent marks so evident, that I went into Doctor 
               
                  Jeffery
               


            's house, and pointed it out to him that there were two marks; the only appearance.


                  EDWARD
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I keep the Boar's-head in Fleet-street; I know the prisoner; I remember seeing him at my house, on Monday the 5th of March; I think it was.
What time did he come to your house? - I really cannot tell.
What time did he go away? - A few minutes past eleven.
How long had he been at your house? - I really cannot say, he might have been there an hour or two; I am sure to his person.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I leave it to my Councel.
(Witnesses called, but none answered.)




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            

But not of the burglary.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
