





621. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MORRIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th day of June
 last, three pieces of woollen cloth, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Oxley
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   OXLEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Hampshire hog-yard, fronting the church at St. Giles's; I keep hackney coaches
; the inside lining of my coach had been cut; I had been out with it; I have four coaches and three pair of plates; I went out with my coach on the 10th of June; I did not come home till three in the morning of the 11th; I took off my horses and put them in the stable; I fed them, and just eat a mouthful of bread and cheese; I went to to bed about half after four; the watchman came and said, my coach was cut all to pieces; I got up, my coach stood close to my dwelling house; I went to the watch-house and there was a man the watchman had taken; I went and examined my coach, and it was all cut to pieces; I found three pieces of cloth in the watchman's possession; I compared the piece of cloth with the coach, and it matched; the prisoner is the man that I saw at the watch-house; I said to him how could you be so cruel, I never injured you; and he swore a great oath, and said, if I had taken your coach and horses, you could not have hurt me.
What did you understand by that? - I understood that he thought there was no law for it; when we came to Mr. Walker's, Mr. Fletcher knew me; the prisoner made no defence.
- DANZEL sworn.
I am a watchman where the coaches stand; on Sunday morning the 11th of June, I saw the prisoner at half after three, and just at four, he came out of the Hampshire hog-yard with this cloth, which he was putting under his apron; I saw him put down his apron; I asked him what he had got, and he said a waistcoat, I asked him to let me look at it, he need not be afraid; he would not; I said, I thought it was not a waistcoat, or that he would not have did it; I went to move his apron and some of the wool dropped; I took him to the constable of the night, and I went to the prosecutor's coach-yard, and the coach door was open, and all the wool about the coach; I have kept it ever since; nobody came out of the yard but the prisoner.
(Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never came out of the yard, two men went in and they dropped this cloth; the man will swear my life away, I can see that plain enough; when he asked me what I had got, I told him some cloth that would make a waistcoat.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
