






811. 
               
                  
                     REBECCA 
                     DAVIDSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BURDOE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of September
 last, three guineas, value 3 l. 3 s. and one half guinea, value 10 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Taylor
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a cabinet maker
; I lost this money in Rupert-street


, the 6th of September, I was going down Coventry-street, about eleven, or a little past; there was a disturbance in the street, and I stopped and looked on, and the prisoner Burdoe asked me to give her a glass of gin; I said, with all my heart; she went first, and I followed her into the Bunch of Grapes; Burdoe asked Davidson to come with her; I ordered sixpennyworth, and somebody came up with a bowl of negus, and asked eighteen pence for it; I said, I would not have it; it was put on the table, and I paid eighteen pence for it; then Burdoe asked me to lay with her, I said, no; then they unbuttoned my breeches, and one fell down on the sofa, and the other pushed me upon her; and I found my money was gone; I charged them with the watch; they were searched and nothing found.
Prisoner. He was very much in liquor.
Prosecutor. I was as sober as I am now.
Prisoner. I wanted him to go back and search the room.
Prosecutor. I said there was no occasion for that, my money was in my watch pocket; the beadle of the night went directly, and searched, but there was none there.


                  THEOPHILUS
                   BUTCHER
               



             sworn.
I was taking this woman to gaol, and going along, Burdoe said it was hard she should suffer innocently, when the other woman had the money and gave it to her man: the other woman was searched and nothing was found.
PRISONER DAVIDSON'S DEFENCE.
I never was in this Court before in my life; this gentleman asked this woman and I to go and drink a glass, and we went to the Jerusalem tavern; there was a woman using this woman ill, and he took her away; the two women made answer to Mr. Taylor, you are coming again; he treated us with a glass when we came out of the house, he said let us go and have a shilling's worth, and he took us to this house almost the top of Rupert -street; he said he had no more than 18 d. and he paid it; he wanted to have connections with the other prisoner, and he went from sopha to sopha, he would neither do one thing nor the other, so we wished him a good-night, and in about a quarter of an hour afterwards he took us both up; they stripped us to our shifts, we had not two-pence between us; in the watch-house he said, Mrs. Davidson, I am sorry for you, let us have a gallon of beer; he went from one sopha to another, his breeches was over his shoes.
Prisoner Burdoe. What she has said is truth.
Court. If it is truth, how came you to tell the man that was carrying you to gaol, that it was hard upon you, the other woman had the money?
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   EYRE
               



            .
