





947. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARISH
                  , otherwise 
POTTER




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        William 
                        Stent
                     




                   on the King's highway, on the 27th of September
 last, with a certain offensive weapon, called a pistol, with intent to steal the monies of the said 
                     
                        William
                         Stent
                     



.


                  WILLIAM
                   STENT
               



             sworn.
On the 27th of September, I was going up the Five Fields, Chelsea


, I met the prisoner about the midway, on the road; it is a bye road; he had a pistol, as I think, on each side his waistcoat; I think he took it from within his waistcoat, he said your life or your money, you buggerer, or I will blow your bloody brains out; he put the pistol to my throat, I immediately put my hands into my pocket, with intent to take my money out, but instead of giving him the money, I hit him a large blow on his head, I cut at his pistol, then he snapped it at me; I hit him in the belly, and then I laid hold of the pistol, a scuffle ensued, he said he was very much hurt, and he would resign to me; I immediately let him get upon his legs, and he ran away directly, I jumped over the bank after him, and I never lost sight of him till I got hold of him again; he said for God's sake, give me a good licking, and let me go; I got assistance, and took him to Bow-street. The pistol is loaded with six slugs, and here is the charge in this paper.


                  EDWARD
                   GOODERE
               



             sworn.
A young man and me were coming from Chelsea to London, we heard the prosecutor cry out murder! we made 
               
                  ove
               


             the fence and ran away to the fields, and found the prosecutor and the prisoner struggling together. We secured the prisoner.
ISRAEL JOHNSON sworn.
Deposed to the very same effect.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming from Chelsea, I had just done selling my things, and I kicked a pistol before me, and the prosecutor asked me what I had there, and I did not chuse to shew him; I pulled it out to shew him, and then he swore I was going to rob him. If you will please to put my trial off till to-morrow morning, I can have gentlemen to my character.
Court to Johnson. What did the prosecutor tell you was the matter at the time? - He said he demanded his money or his life.
Jury. What is the prosecutor? - I am a shoemaker, I live at Pimlico.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
