






288. 
               
                  
                     MARK 
                     BOYLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th day of March

 last, seven hundred pounds weight of hempen yarn, value 14 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Perry
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hankey
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     WARRICKSHALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving three hundred pounds weight of hempen yarn, part and parcel of the same goods, knowing the same to have been stolen
            .
Prisoner 
               
                  Jane
                   Warrickshall
               



            . My Lord, I beg the favour to have my trial put off, as my witnesses are not come, they will be here shortly.
Court. I cannot put off your trial, but as it will take some time, they may come before it is finished.


                  WILLIAM
                   LAW
               



             sworn.
I am foreman to Messrs. Perry and Hankey, they lost a quantity of yarn in the night of the 10th of March, between eleven and twelve; I was called up by Charles and 
               
                  James
                   Smith
               



            , and one Vivian, and they asked me if I had lost any yarn, I got up and went with Smith to the yarn, and upon opening it, I found it was nottled from two to twenty-one, and was perfectly certain it belonged to my master; I then told Vivian to stay in the yarn-house, and I would call my master, and upon the causeway we met the prisoner Boyle and the evidence, we went round a back way into the garden, that adjoins to Mrs. Warrickshall's yard, and there I kicked my foot against a bundle of yarn, which correspond with the other; I have no doubt but it was Messrs. Perry and Hankey's yarn.


                  THOMAS
                   NICHOLSON
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman at Blackwall, I found some yarn by one Mr. Guy's in the street, which I carried to my house, I found the second parcel in the Marsh, which I carried to Mr. 
               
                  Charles
                   Smith
               



            's.


                  CHARLES
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
On the 10th of last March, between ten and eleven I saw two men go by us as I was going home, and the prisoner Boyle was one, and the evidence Lane was the other; they had a bundle a piece on their backs, I followed them to the door of the prisoner Warrickshall's, and Lane was got into the house, I caught hold of Boyle, and said, it was a villainous affair, I put my hand upon the bundle, and I found it was new yarn, upon my oath the prisoner is the man.
Jury. What time was it then? - Between eleven and twelve, there was a young woman held the door open, with a lighted candle in her hand; we walked about twenty yards in the Marsh, and there laid two bundles more; coming back to the door, the prisoner Boyle, and the evidence were coming again empty towards the Marsh, and where this yarn lay.
Court. When they went to Mrs. Warrickshalls, that was going from the Marsh? Yes, they came out of the door, and I stopped them both, I enquired where they were going, and what they were doing, they said, what was that to me, they were walking about till day-light to get work, I laid hold of Boyle by the collar, says I, my friend you are the man, I suspected at Mrs. Warrickshall's door, Lane the evidence was with him, he said, he knew nothing of what I was talking of, upon that I called out for 
               
                  William
                   Smith
               



            , when he came up, he was watching a third bundle, he laid hold of Lane.
The Remainder of this Trial in the Fifth Part, which will be published in few Days.





Trials at Law, Arguments of Counsel, &c. carefully taken in Short-Hand, and copied with Dispatch by E. HODGSON, Writer of these Proceedings, No. 35, Chancery Lane.
Short-hand taught at Home and Abroad.
This Day is Published, Price 2 s. 6 d. the Second Edition, with Additions, of SHORT-HAND on an IMPROVED PLAN; The Alphabet consisting of Sixteen Characters only, by E. HODGSON.
Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, S. BLADON, Pater-noster Row, and J. CLARKE, Portugal Street.
N. B. This Book, which contains also an Explanatory Copper-plate is a sufficien-Instructor of itself, but if any Doubts should arise, they shall be removed on Application to the Author without any additional Expence.







THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO, The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 30th of APRIL, 1783, and the following Days;
Being the FOURTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     Nathaniel
                      Newnham
                  



               , Esq; 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT HAND BY E. HODGSON, And Published by Authority.
NUMBER IV. PART V.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXIII
[ PRICE SIX-PENCE.]

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.

Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  Mark
                   Boyle
               



            , &c.
Prisoner Warrickshall. Whether it was not a very dark night.
Court. There was a moon, good woman at that time, the eleventh was the first quarter.
But it was as dark a night as ever came out of the heavens, he said he would be revenged of me, because he wanted to borrow some money.
Court. You hear what she says to you, did you borrow money of her? - How long it was I cannot tell before that happened, I had an Absent India bond from a friend of mine that was at sea, I wanted a little money, it only wanted ten days of being due, I told her, I should be obliged to her to give me the cash for it, she said she would, but she did not do it.
Prisoner. I said, I would give you an answer in an hour.
Court to witness. Did you threaten any revenge to her, or bear her any revenge, or any thing of that sort? - No.
Prisoner. I am rather apt to think Mr. 
               
                  Charles
                   Smith
               



             that you do? - You have a right to think what you please.


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
About half after eleven on the 10th of March 
               
                  Charles
                   Smith
               



             came running to me, and we went and called Mr. Low, and as we were going along the field, we found two large bundles of yarn, one was very large, I helped him up with it, and he carried it to his house, and presently after I found he had taken Lane.
Court. What did Boyle say when he was first examined? - He said, he laid the night before in London, then somebody asked him, and he said, at Stratford-green; he said nothing about the yarn, he said, when we first took him, mind you have found nothing upon me.


                  JAMES
                   OLIVE
               



             sworn.
I found a knife upon the prisoner, but it is mislaid, and these keys were found in Lane's pocket.
Jury. Was it old or new hemp? - All new, prepared for using the next morning.
What did you find at Warrickshall's house? - We found nothing in the house; that which I found in the garden near the back yard, I really believe to be a part of that which was stolen, I do not know how it came there.
(Some of the Yarn produced and deposed to.)


                  ELIZABETH
               


             M'KELLKIN sworn.
Do you know Mrs. Warrickshall? - Very well.
Was you at her house in March? - Yes, and before and after.
Did you hear when Boyle was taken up? - I know none of them by their names.
Look at the prisoner Boyle? - I cannot recollect him.
Do you recollect any man coming to Mrs. Warrickshall's house, on the 21st at night in March? - Yes, on Monday night about half after nine, I let in two men, they knocked at the door as I was ironing, they said nothing to me, but went up to Mrs. Warrickshall.
Court. Had you a candle? - No, I do not recollect that I had; one of the men told her he had got some stuff, whether it was old or new, I cannot say, and she asked them whereabout it was, and he said hard by, and she bid him work away for she was not afraid, and then the man said some words, which I do not recollect, she said it is not time yet, sit down you can do nothing yet, I will tell you when to go; then they sat down; the man said, there was another, she said, where, he said at the door; she said, call him in, for our watermen are at work, nothing can be done just yet, a pot of beer was standing on the table, which we had for supper, she bid them drink; a chandler's shop being next door, I went out for some snuff, and when I returned I saw three men; she did not much like her neighbours hardly, and she was very angry with me, because I went without her leave, and when I came back, she bid me go to bed: I left the three men sitting there, and saw them no more that night; there was a young woman lodged in the house, I cannot tell her name.
Prisoner Warrickshall. I deal in the shipping, this woman washed for me five years, she threw herself on our parish, and I took her in out of charity, I deal in the smuggling way; I did not care to trust her; the watermen go to work of a night on board of the ships; I had a property of India goods.
Witness. You could not trust me because you used to buy so many stolen goods.
(Looks at Boyle.)
That is the last man that came in, he came in while I was at the shop.
Prisoner. I kept her for three weeks, she was drunk every night.


                  MARGARET
                   BAYFORD
               



             sworn.
I live at Blackwall, I know Mrs. Warrickshall, she lives on one side of the way, and I on the other, four or five doors opposite, I have seen things come in and go out, but I do not know of any thing particular.
Do you remember some men being taken up? - I remember hearing of it next morning, I did not see them that evening.
But before the men were taken up, did you see any thing carried into her house? - No.
Any thing taken out the next morning? - Not before they went into the coach, I have seen ropes before, but nothing of this sort.
(The Nettled Yarn produced.)


                  WILLIAM
                   LANE
               



             sworn.
Do you know the prisoner Boyle? - Yes.
Do you know Mrs. Warrickshall? - Yes, Sir.
You know Mr. Perry and Hankey's warehouse where the yarn was kept? - Yes.
Tell us what you and the prisoner have done? - The Monday night, I cannot tell the day of the month, but it was the night before we were taken up, we went there about eight o'clock, and going in we found a parcel of new yarn; there was Boyle and Sulivan, we cut about nine bundles, either eight or nine I cannot say rightly which, when we had made them up, we brought them about half way to her house, and left them in the marshes, all but one parcel, and we took one of the parcels to bring to her house, to get two or three shillings, we was stopped by the way, there were two or three men, I forget their names, they were coming after either, Sulivan or Boyle dropt the bundle, and as the two men were coming after, one of them picked it up, I asked them why they dropped the bundle, they said, they were afraid, says I, you ought to have walked on with it, we came to Mrs. Warrickshall, and I went in, the other staid out, she asked me what it was as I had no parcel, then I told her, I had got some stuff, she asked me where it was, and I told her, it was hard by; and she told me then to work away, I told her that would not do, then I told her what it was, in telling her what it was, she said, it was rather to soon, and bid me set down, and she would tell me when it was time.
Was any body with her then? - There was her son, and a niece, and her girl, and another young body, and a sailor in a blue jacket, a lodger, I believe I staid there till between eleven and twelve, she desired me to tell them to come in, but they came in without calling, when it was time she told us to go off, and if we did not go off at that time we might be hobbled, because the watermen were going to work at the shipping to smuggle some goods, then we went where the yarn was, and we brought a bundle a piece, and we threw it off our shoulders down into the cellar.
Who opened the door? - I believe the door was upon the latch or half open, I was the first that went in of the three.
Did any body come to the door? - I cannot tell, I went right in with the bundle.
Was either of them stopped at the door? - Never a one.
Did you bring any more bundles that night? - Yes, Sir, we brought two more, Boyle and I.
When you brought these two bundles, was any body at the door then? - No one at all.
Who went in first? - I went in first.
Did any thing pass about Boyle? - The second time Boyle was stopped in the entry.
Who stopped him? - As I could find out, he was stopped by one Smith.
What did you do with these bundles? - Throw them down into Mrs. Warrickshall's cellar, as we went along Boyle says, here is a man following us, upon which I said, come on, and the man laid hold of Boyle at the door and turned him round; we staid there about an hour; we told Mrs. Warrickshall, and she bid us stop a bit, I told her Boyle had told me he was stopped; she asked me if I could shew her the house, and she said, she would go along with me, I shewed her, and she said, it was one Smith; there was no fear, but to go on; she and I came back to the house, and coming back I called Boyle out, and I asked him to come along, and as we passed Smith's, he laid hold of Boyle, and called out to another young fellow named Smith; this young fellow laid hold of Boyle, and the other laid hold of me.
PRISONER BOYLE's DEFENCE.
Where I lived this man came and told me, that he had some loads to carry, and desired me to go with him, I being a poor lad, did not know what to do, he brought me to the store house, when I felt what it was I helped him to fetch them out, and he brought me to some house, but not to this woman's for I never saw her before, till I saw her before the Justice, the man told me, he would employ me to carry these loads for him; I never was in the place before, I do not know where the woman's house is.
Court to Lane. Is that true? - He knew as much about it as I did.
Court to 
               
                  Charles
                   Smith
               



            . Recollect, are you sure this is the man that was one of the men that went into the house? - Upon my oath, to the best of my remembrance it is the person.
Do you verily believe this to be the man? - Undoubtedly, my Lord.
Have you no doubt? - I have no manner of doubt, I perfectly recollect that to be the man, I conversed with him at the door, and seeing him so short a time after I knew him again; I felt the yarn, and saw it by the light of the candle that the girl had in her hand.
PRISONER WARRICKSHALL's DEFENCE.
In the first place I ask the prosecutor Mr. Hankey, which I look at now, whether it was dark or light, it was half after eleven, I was sitting up for a lodger, every body was in bed in my house; I heard Mr. Hankey and one Mr. Govey, a ship-broker, in the street about half after eleven, and goes to the door hearing their tongues. Hearing Mr. Hankey making mention of an old rope that had been stolen, and that I had it, God bless me, Sir, says I, have you any suspicion Mr. Hankey, are you sure that I keeping an old rope shop, have got it, come in says I; and he turns to Govey, and he says something to Mr. Govey in a high stiled manner, which I cannot rightly tell you the words; but meaning if he came in I should hurt them; I never saw the property, or ever had it from the top of the house to the bottom, Mr. Hankey searched, I had not a bit of new stuff in my house; there is old stuff, about five or six hundred weight.
Court to Hankey. Was it a dark or light night? - I think it was light enough.
- HANKEY sworn.
You was at the prisoner's house that night, was you Sir? - I was.
Was it so dark that a person could not distinguish perfectly? - I think it was not dark, because I could very well distinguish her, when she stood at the door, she came to me, and asked me several times to come in, and said, I beg Mr. Hankey you will, for you will catch cold; I told her my business was in the street, and there I chose to stand.
Jury. What time of night was that? - That was about one, I was not called till half after twelve.
Prisoner Warrickshall. After I came to Newgate, Lane pushed away from the officer, and got up a chimney.
Lane. There was no commitment.
Court to Warrickshall. It is now pretty near three hours since you expected your witnesses.
Prisoner. Another thing I expected my Lord, my Council, and he is not here.


                  MARK
                   BOYLE
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  JANE
                   WARRICKSHALL
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice NARES.
