






135. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     DIXON alias 
RUTTER




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PRICE
                  



               
             were indicted for that they, on the 16th of November
 last, 


               with a certain offensive weapon and instrument called a knife, in and upon 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Osborne
                        




                     
                  , in the King's highway, did make an assault, with intent his monies from his person, and against his will, feloniously to steal
            .


                  RICHARD
                   OSBORNE
               



             sworn.
I live in Stepney; I am a waterman and lighterman
; on the 16th of November, between ten and eleven at night; I was coming down from London, home to my habitation, and coming through Shadwell


 I went to the house of a friend of mine for a pint of porter; I came out and missed my road; I turned to the right instead of the left; I had gone about ten yards I believe, and finding my mistake, I turned back; coming home I saw the two prisoners talking to the watchman on the other side of the way; I had occasion to stop a minute, and one of them came over to me; the watchman was at his box at the same time; he said, you bloody old b - gg - r, what do you stand here for, if you do not go along about your business, I will knock your bloody old head off.
Which of the two was this? - That gentleman, Mr. 
               
                  Henry
                   Price
               



            ; and directly he knocked me down with his fist; I got up, and said, gentlemen, what do you use me thus for, and he knocked me down directly a second time; then I went to go home, and the other and him followed me, and said you bloody old b - gg - r, we will cut your life out; then they began for to cut me under each eye, and over the nose, and over this cheek; they would have undoubtedly killed me, had it not been for a person coming past, and I called out murder; they told me they would cut my throat; that gentleman did, Mr. Rutter; he goes by two names.
Was this in a public frequented street? - Yes.
How long might this cutting last? - I believe about ten or fifteen minutes.
Was nobody passing at the time? - Only two witnesses that I have here; and after they had cut and slashed me about as they pleased, says they, you old b - gg - r, have you got any money? no, says I, I have no money.
Then it was not till after they cut you that they demanded your money? - No, they cut me first, and demanded my money afterwards; by my calling out murder, they got away as fast as they could.
Court. Were you drunk or sober at the time, because you say you missed your way? - As sober as I am now.
Quite sober? - Yes.
It was at a friend's house that you got this pint of porter? - Yes.
Then you knew the way perfectly? - Yes.
Were the prisoners perfect strangers to you? - Yes.
Why did not you call to the watchman when you was knocked down? - The watchman was there, and they were going to use him ill; he is here.
Did you call out or make any noise at all before they began to cut you? - No.
Did you give them any uncivil language? - I never said a word to them; only asking them why they used me so.
Had you been standing to look at them and the watchman? - No, Sir, I was going to make water.
Did you see any knife in Rutter's hand? - No, I could not perceive the knife myself because my eyes were in such a situation; the knife was found all over blood.


                  MARY
                   READ
               



             sworn.
I was coming out of this public house the same night Osborne came out; I stopped the valuation of about ten minutes after him; and I was turning the corner and I heard a man cry murder; I then stopped and saw two men, one dressed in a brown coat, the other in a blue jacket, with an oil-skin hat; I heard them make use of the same expressions that the prosecutor has told you.
Was that before or after you heard the cry of murder? - No, at the same time; when I heard the cry of murder, I went and stood at the corner, and I heard somebody say, if he did not go about his business they would cut his bloody head off; I saw Osborne there, and the two prisoners, nobody else; I saw them strike him after he had cried out murder.
Did not the people of the house hear the cry of murder? - Yes, they must hear it, but they would not open the door; they did not know it was this man; I saw the two men go towards Bell-wharf.
Was the prosecutor in liquor at the public house? - No more than I am now; he was there about half an hour.
Court to Prosecutor. How came you to be so positive that the two prisoners are the people that did this? - By being told by one of the witnesses.
Then you do not know it of your own knowledge? - I do not; I never saw them before; I can positively swear as to Price, he was the man that struck me, and the first man that knocked me down; I saw them the next morning between ten and eleven; I recollected them before the Justice.


                  JAMES
                   COLLINS
               



             sworn.
I was in the house with this prosecutor having some porter; the prosecutor had a pint of beer, and the landlord told him he was going to shut up, and he went away, and we followed in five minutes; and I saw three men go past; and I heard one say, you rascals I will follow you to know what you use me ill for; and I heard one of the young fellows say, you bloody old b - gg - r, if you do not go along I will cut your bloody head off; I cannot swear to any of them; so then they made three jobs or blows at him; says they, you bloody b - gg - r, I will cut your bloody eyes out; then one of them said, you old b - gg - r have you got any money about you? no, says he, I have not, gentlemen, I hope you will not take my life; with that a man came up, and cries out is that 
               
                  Harry
                   Price
               



            , and then they all went off; I mean the other two; I do not know them, only as I heard say; I did not follow them; I saw the prosecutor bleeding and I took him to the watchman.
Did you hear the cry of murder from any body? - It was before they asked him for his money.


                  EDWARD
                   QUARTERMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman in Shadwell parish; and the two prisoners came in a very riotous manner to me and threatened to strike me; I knew Price when he was a little boy, but he grew out of my knowledge; I never saw the other before; says I, go home peaceably; then Rutter turned round, and says, d - n your eyes, you old thief, I will knock your head off, and Price, he tried to keep him away; and they went from me; and in three minutes I heard murder cried by the prosecutor; I went down, and in three minutes they were off; he was bleeding in a most desperate manner; I thought the blood would never stop; I took him to the public house.
Court. Are these the two men that came to your box? - Yes; I knew them again.
Did these men appear to be drunk or sober at this time? - I cannot say they were drunk; they seemed to be a little merry; they could go very well.


                  JOHN
                   ORANGE
               



             sworn.
I took the two prisoners, and upon Rutter I found this knife; I took one out of the Barley-mow, New Gravel-lane, and the other at Mr. Whiffin's, the Wheat-sheaf, in Shadwell parish; they were not together; Price was sleeping on the bench.



                  THOMAS
                   M'DANIEL
               



             sworn.
I was at the house of 
               
                  Samuel
                   Davis
               



            , drinking a pint of beer. ( Confirmed the evidence of Collins, and saw the Prosecutor bleeding.) I knew Price since he was a boy, and the voice I heard was like his; but I could not swear to any man's voice.
PRISONER PRICE'S DEFENCE.
This old man has known me a long time; this old fellow said, he would not mind swearing through a nine inch deal to hang me; I am innocent; I sent for two young fellows, but they are gone to sea.
Prosecutor. So help me God, and may I never see my family, I never saw that prisoner till the night I was hurt; at Mr. Justice Staple's they threatened me if ever they got clear they would be my death; and my living is on the water, and I never shall get my living that way if they are cleared.
PRISONER RUTTER'S DEFENCE.
I know nothing of it.
The Jury retired for sometime, and returned with a verdict


                  HENRY
                   DIXON
               



            , 
               
                  HENRY
                   PRICE
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .
Each 



               transported to Africa for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
