





689. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     LANE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of July
 last, one watch, with the inside case made of metal, and the outside case covered with shagreen, value 20 s. one seal, value 6 d. one key, value 3 d. one string, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Gray
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   GRAY
               



             sworn
I am Mr. Gray's son; my father belongs to the Excise-office; I live at home with my father; I lost a watch the 1st of July, on Wednesday morning, about five; the prisoner laid with me in my father's house; I do not know what time he took my watch; I knew him, and let him lay with me two or three nights, out of charity; I opened the door, and let him out; and he let himself out at the gate; and I went to bed again; and in a short time after, I got up to see what it was o'clock; my watch was in a tin box, an open box in an adjacent room, and it was gone; I went down to his father's at Bedford; and in consequence of some information, I found him the 16th of July; and I saw my watch at Edmonton, at Mr. Cocker's, a carpenter; Mr. Cocker has the watch; he is here.
- COCKER sworn.
I live at Edmonton; I have a watch which I bought of the prisoner the beginning of July; I cannot pretend to say the day; I met him near Newington; I was coming to town; I said, how do you do Mr. Lane? and after some discourse, he said he had lost his waistcoat, and wanted to go home to his friends; and could not without the waistcoat; that a person had took it; and he had no money but his watch; and must part with it; I told him I did not want to buy a watch; we went into a watch-maker's; the shopman said it was worth a guinea; I lent him a guinea and half a crown on it; and told him he might have his watch again; this is the watch.
(Deposed to by the maker's name, 
               
                  John
                   Ballard
               



            .)

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I told you I was going to my father, who is a Justice of Peace; and did not you bring me the watch to sell it? - I did no such thing upon my oath.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
