






137. 
               
                  ANN
                   the 
                  wife

 of 
                     
                        HUGH  
                        SANDLIN 
                     



                  , otherwise 
LINES, otherwise 
PATTEN




            , was indicted, for that she, on the 24th of November
, 


               did take away, with intent to steal, embezzle, and purloin, one copper saucepan, value 3 s. a tea kettle, value 1 s. a flat iron, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Brett
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BRETT
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner; I let the lodging to 
               
                  Hugh
                   Sandlin
               



            , and he brought this woman as his wife; they staid about five or six weeks before the robbery was committed; on Friday, the 24th of November, I lost a great number of articles of linen, out of the yard, and on Saturday morning when the things were missed, I immediately suspected the prisoner; I sent to Justice Blackborow for a warrant to take her up on suspicion; she had stripped the room of the things mentioned in the indictment; my wife missed a blanket, and she owned she had pawned that two doors off, and said if I would go with her, she would get it out; I went with her in hopes of finding the other things; I then missed nothing else out of the room; she was committed for further examination, and on the Sunday my wife went up stairs, and missed the things mentioned in the indictment; I went to Lucy the constable.


                  WILLIAM
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I live in St. John's-street, Clerkenwell; I am a pawnbroker; I have lived there about eight years; here is a saucepan, a kettle, and a flat iron, which I received of the prisoner at different times in November.
You are sure they were pledged by her? - Yes.
Whose did she say they were? - She said they were her own property.
Court to Prosecutor. Did Mr. Sandlin leave the woman? - No, not till she was committed; I found nothing against the man; he is a very honest hard working man; I heard her say before Justice Blackborow, that her name was 
               
                  Ann
                   Lines
               



            .
Prisoner. I did lodge in that gentleman's house.



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
