






206. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MORDECAI
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HOMER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th day of February
, 478 lb. weight of lead, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dyer
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a certain house of his, against the statute
            .


                  JOHN
                   DYER
               



             sworn.
I live in Gravel-lane, Houndsditch


, the lead was lost from an uninhabited house opposite to me, I was disturbed by the watchman between four and five o'clock in the morning of last Friday the 20th, I saw part of the lead was safe on the Thursday the day before; I have lost between seven and eight hundred pounds weight within this month back; I cannot say that the whole of the lead was there on the Thursday.


                  JOSEPH
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; on Friday morning I was crying the hour of four; I knock at the gate every hour, I was knocking, Iperceived the gate give way; it was the empty house opposite Mr. Dyer; I went to the watch-house and got two officers to my assistance; we came back, and we all three kicked against the gate, and we found that the earth was drove under the gate, and I looked and I saw a man's face within side, he was pushing against us, both the prisoners run from the gates, and they flew open, and we found the lead; the prisoners run into the buildings, and hid themselves, we searched up and down, and I found one of the prisoners (Homer) behind a wheelbarrow of bricks, he was squatted down, and this cutlass stood by the side of him, betwixt the wall and the barrow (producing a cutlass); I called for Withers, who is here, to hold him, and the other prisoner lay betwixt the barrow handles and this cutlass underneath him on the ground, we took them both to the watch-house, and they were afterwards committed; the lead weights 4 cwt. 1 qr. 1 lb. the lead was up in rolls on the ground ready to carry away, there were about six or seven pieces, it looked fresh cut; after the prisoners were secured, we went to see from whence the lead was missing, we found it was missing from the top of the house, a place where they dry clothes; there was some pipe-lead; I did not compare either to see whether they would correspond; but I do not think it was taken from the building, because when I went my round at three, the gates were all fast; the prisoners are the same men we took.


                  THOMAS
                   WITHERS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, the last witness fetched me to his assistance, we shoved against the gates, and he said he saw a man, and we pursued and took the two prisoners as described by the last witness, with cutlasses; the load was found in the yard, near the gate, it appeared newly cut, I have compared both the pipe lead and the flat lead, and they entirely correspond, it was the next day I compared it; the watchman took the lead into Mr. Dyer's house, I am sure it is the same lead.
Mr. Dyer. The constable made a mistake, we did not compare it till the Wednesday after, the lead was lost to my house on the Friday before; Withers maked it after we had compared it.
MORDECAI's DEFENCE.
Last Thursday was a week we went to a drinking club, and we were very much in liquor, and coming along we saw the gates open, and we went in, and that there gentlemen came and knocked at the gates, and he said, thieves; and we were afraid of that, and we run away.
PRISONER HOMER.
That is the truth my Lord.
The prisoner Mordecai called four witnesses who gave him a good character.



               BOTH GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. ROSE.
