





771. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CLARK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of July
 last, one hand saw with a wooden handle, value 12 d. one iron spade, value 2 s. one iron bill with a wooden handle, 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Laythorpe
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   LAYTHORPE
               



             sworn.
I am a labouring man
, on the 22d of July last, I lost a spade, a bill, and a saw from Holloway


; I left them in the barn, I had been at work in the morning part, and I went out to breakfast, when I came back they were gone, I found part of them in the fields, I found the saw on a woman in the fields; she said he gave it her, the next morning I found the others by his own confession where he sold them; I know the prisoner; he had worked upon the land for my master, in hay-time two days.


                  THOMAS
                   ISSAC
               



             sworn.
I found the bill and spade, at Mr. Bradford's, on Saffron-hill, on the very day after the robbery.


                  REBECCA
                   GAIN
               



             sworn.
The prisoner at the bar met me one day in the fields, he gave me a saw, he told me he had no money, he gave it me to have connections with me, it was on a Friday a good while ago, it was the day I gave it again to Laythorp, I know the saw, there is a W.C. upon it.
- BROWN sworn.
This saw I picked up in the road after the prosecutor dropt it, in running after the prisoner, I saw the prosecutor drop it, it is the saw of one 
               
                  William
                   Cooling
               



            , he was a lawyer, he died and left it to me; I have had it these five years, I knew it had that mark, I told her it had that mark before she gave it me.


                  ROBERT
                   OLDERSHAW
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner with my brother officer.


                  MARTHA
                   BRADFORD
               



             sworn.
I remember a spade and a bill being brought to me by that young man, I cannot recollect the day, nor the day of the month either, the day they were claimed on the day after; I cannot swear to them again, I believe these are them, he told me, he had been at work at Hampstead or at Highgate, and he had got a place at a stable-yard at London, and that they were of no use to him, therefore he must sell them.
What did you give him for them? - Eighteen-pence, one shilling for the shovel and sixpence for the bill.
What would you sell them for now? - I ask fifteen-pence for the shovel, and would have taken fourteen-pence, as for the bill, I did not know the value of it, so I told him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I was walking in the fields the day the things were found, I saw a man and woman go into the barn, and bring out the things and hide them in a ditch, and I saw this woman, and I gave her the saw, there was a man, and I did not stop to have any connection with her, and I went and sold the things.
Oldershaw. My Lord, after I took the prisoner, he said, he would go quiet if I would let him go, and when he had got as far as this place, he took out a knife, and swore we should not have him, he cut at me in my face, and cut my brother officer under the ham, Mr. Laythorpe he cut his throat quite to his windpipe, and cut underneath his ham two inches and half, which Dr. Hale sewed up.
Court to Prisoner. As this is the last time I shall probably see you, I recommend it to you to consider of your fate, it certainly will be mentioned to his Majesty, the very great cruelty you have shewn, and probably the place of your destination where you will be transported to will be worse than that of common felons.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported to Africa for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
