






197. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     MILLS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TOMKINS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of January
 last, one wooden trunk covered with leather, value 2 s. two cloth coats, value 45 s. two cloth waistcoats, value 23 s. three pair of cloth breeches, value 22 s. two pair of silk breeches, value 42 s. two linen gowns, value 20 s. one cotton waistcoat, value 6 s. one silk petticoat, value 20 s. one silk cardinal, value 20 s. one dozen of silver tea spoons, value 40 s. one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 8 s. one pair of linen sheets, value 10 s. five pair of ear-rings, value 20 s. six pair of silk shoes, value 10 s. one pocket book, value 2 d. one brass pistol, value 1 s. one shirt, value 2 s. and one muslin apron, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Maitland
                  




               
            .
The Witnesses examined apart at the request of the Prisoners.


                  ANN
                   MAITLAND
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Alexander
                   Maitland
               



            , we were going to our lodgings, and I called a coach, I called the coachman to take out one of the children, it was at No. 19, Wapping Wall, the coach stood at the door.
Was your husband in company with you? - Yes, the prisoners were apprehended the next morning; the next morning we saw some of the articles at the Justice's, the trunk was broke.


                  JOHN
                   ORANGE
               



             sworn.
I am headborough of St. Paul's Shadwell, on the 2d of this month, I had a warrant against Tomkins and his wife, he came up to the Lebeck's Head opposite the office at Shadwell.
Was he sent for? - No.
Did you know him? - Yes.
What was he? - He did keep a public house; I apprehended him for an assault, and he had a hearing upon it before the Magistrate, after that, finding he must give bail, he asked us if we knew any thing of a coach being robbed, I told him no, he said, it was the night before, and he would tell the Magistrate, and then he told me he had the things in his possession, and had the key of the room himself, I asked him how he came by them, and he went over to the Justice's and gave an account, that he had some of the property in his house, and also, that he had the key of an empty room where some of the things were.
Court. Was not that taken in writing? - I do not know; after that I went with him in a coach to apprehend Mills and two more.
Did Tomkins tell you any thing of himself? - No. We went to the apartment of Mills, and he did his wife bring down the things, and she brought down a pistol and a parcel of trinkets, which have been in my possession ever since, and a book of account; he said Mills brought the portmanteau to his house; he said that was all he had in the house; and the remainder was taken away that morning out of his house in a large bag. We had a search-warrant to search Tomkin's house, and then we found another laced apron.


                  WILLIAM
                   ELBY
               



             sworn.
I went a execute a warrant on the prisoner Tomkin's for an assault on Mr. Clarke, I brought him over to the office, and he said to me, have not you heard of a coach being robbed, and I said no; says he, I dare say it will be advertised, and I know the people that have done it, he was bailed for the assault, he then went with us to Clerkenwell Green, and shewed as Mr. Mills, and two more that had done this robbery; we took Mills and another, I searched Mills and found this shirt upon him. (The shirt deposed to) I searched him further and found this key.
What did they say? - When I told him what I took him for, he said, why, says he, Darn your eyes: this is the key that I took out of the Peter, meaning the trunk: here is a waistcoat I took off of Mills's back, that the woman swore to before to Justice; I found these things on him the 2d of January.
(The key, the shirt, and the waistcoat deposed to.)
PRISONER MILLS's DEFENCE.
I bought those things in Rag Fair, and paid for them, they discharged the people that stole the things, the key does not belong to the trunk.


                  RICHARD
                   MILLS
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
WILLIAMS TOMKINS, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
