





671. 
               
                  NICHOLAS 
                  M'NAMARA
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
 last, one gun with a bayonet fixed thereto, value 36 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Bannister
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   WHELER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr
. 
               
                  Richard
                   Banister
               



            ; on the 18th of October, I missed a gun from my master's door, No. 17, Bridges-street, Covent-Garden


; it was upon the step of the door, about two in the afternoon; we made enquiry directly, and went to the different pawnbrokers, desiringthem to stop it; and we heard nothing of it, till the Tuesday, in Bow-street; on Wednesday the prisoner was brought up to Bow-street; I saw the gun and knew it to be the same.


                  JOHN
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
On the 20th of September, some sawyers came to Bow-street, with information that there was a sawyers saw stolen, at the Nag's Head, in James-street, Covent Garden; I went there, and found the gun and the saw; the gun was in a little lock-up room, that they have to put parcels in.


                  GEORGE
                   RANDALL
               



             sworn.
I am ostler at the Nag's Head; I saw the prisoner bring this gun to our house last Saturday was seven night, between two and three in the afternoon.
What is the prisoner? - He says he is a sawyer; he was at our house with a companion of his; he desired the gun to be put by; and it was in the warehouse; he did not say when he would call for it.
(The gun deposed to by Wheler.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went to the Nag's Head, to make out my nights work; I met with this gun at the end of James-street, Covent Garden, standing up in a corner; there was a woman selling walnuts, and she saw me, the gun tumbled out of the corner; the woman's name is 
               
                  Margaret
                   Mitchell
               



            .


                  MARGARET
                   MITCHELL
               



             sworn.
I sell fruit, and go out nurse-keeping.
Where is your stand? - On the other side of London Bridge, in the Borough; I have a daughter lives in Oxford-street, a servant, and I repair her clothes; at my return I went to Covent Garden market for some walnuts and apples; I lay down my goods, and saw the prisoner at the bar, with a blue surtout; he turned round and looked towards me; he set the gun upright in his hand, and pulled out an old bit of red and white handkerchief, and rubbed it; the gun lay in the highway in the main street, by where he was standing; and after I stooped down, I saw the thing across the street, a matter of twenty yards from the place where he stood; I stooped and raised my head, and saw the man lift up the piece. it was a gun.
Did you know this man before? - The way I came to know him was, on Sunday morning pulling out some goods in the Borough, in an entry, I saw a woman telling her complaints, that a man had been taken up for stealing a gun; and I came over to her, and asked her what sort of a man he was; a young man says she; says I, I saw a young man on Saturday night, the 18th, lifting up a gun; says she, come with me; and I was here yesterday and to day, and I have staid without see or reward.
Atkins. When I asked the prisoner how he came by the gun, he told me he won it at a raffle in Rosemary-lane; and before Sir Sampson, he said, he had it of his father in Ireland, that his father won it.
Prisoner. When I found this gun, I went to the first public house I met with; I carried it publickly in my hand, and left it at the Nag's Head; I neither asked for any thing on it, nor offered to sell it.



               GUILTY
            .
Court. The jury have in their opinion, perfectly agreed with mine, in disbelieving the witness; the witness you have thought fit to call to prove your defence, if they had believed her, they must necessarily acquitted you; I cannot, therefore, help considering the production of such a witness, as an aggravation of your crime; therefore the sentence of the court is, that you be




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
