





439. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MOSELEY
                  




               
             aged fifteen years, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of March
 last, one silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Baker
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
On Saturday the 20th of March between two and three in the afternoon, I was walking along Fleet-street


, one Mr. Stapleton that happened to know me was walking behind me, came and told me I had lost my handkerchief, and I found it was gone, and he pointed to the prisoner, I immediately laid hold of him by the collar, I ripped open his waistcoat immediately, and found the handkerchief between the waistcoat and shirt, I am sure it is my handkerchief, the Constable has it, there was a B upon it.


                  JOHN
                   STAPLETON
               



             sworn.
As I was returning from the Temple, I saw the prisoner watching some people, and I saw him turn short round after Mr. Baker, and he put his hand into his pocket, and took his handkerchief out, and put it under his coat, I informed Mr. Baker, and we went across the way after the prisoner, Mr. Baker opened his coat and waistcoat, and found the handkerchief upon him, I am quite sure I saw him take the handkerchief, I saw it found upon him.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



                  WILLIAM
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am a Patten maker, I have known him about twelve years, his father is a Castor and casts buckles, I take the boy
 to be about fifteen, I never knew any harm of him before.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
