





476. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NEWTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of July
 last, eight yards and three quarters of spotted sattin, value 1 l. 19 s. eighteen yards and an half of minionet lace, value 1 l. 16 s. seven yards of Valencian lace, value 17 s. 6 d. six pair of gloves, value 10 s. two silk purses, value 7 s. twelve yards of striped silk ribbon, value 10 s. twelve yards of green silk ribbon, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Luke 
                           Hogard
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  LUKE
                   HOGARD
               



             sworn.
I am a haberdasher
 in Long-acre


, the prisoner was my servant
, he lived with me not quite two months; on Friday the 11th instant I heard there was a parcel left by the prisoner at a woman's house, I went in consequence with her.
At whose house was it? - 
               
                  Ann
                   Haubenthall
               



            's, she shewed me the parcel, it contained the goods mentioned in the indictment, and which I have here, this piece of Valencian lace has my mark on it; it is seven yards, here is a piece of minionet lace, eight yards and a half, that has my mark, I can swear to these two; here is a piece of striped ribbon, about twelve yards, has my mark, and also this piece of green ribbon; the prisoner at the time he was taken admitted that these things were all mine, he was taken in a quarter of an hour after at my house.
Court. Did not you tell him, it would be better for him if he confessed? - Not the least.
Did you tell him it would be worse for him? - No.
What did he say? - He spoke very little, but admitted the fact, and hoped for mercy.
What fact did he admit? - That he had taken the goods, and that they were mine; there is a prisoner that has been tried for the very same fact, and has been suffered to escape from Newgate.
Prisoner. My master told me it was best to confess to him, and if I confessed to him, when he saw me next time he should not be so hard upon me.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you tell him so? - Not so upon my word.
Court. Upon your oath? - Upon my oath.


                  ANN
                   HAUBENTHALL
               



             sworn.
My husband is a taylor, in Rose-street, Long-acre, and keeps a shop, and sells waistcoats and breeches ready made, I know the prisoner, he has been at our shop, he purchased a waistcoat and breeches, and the bill was carried to his master, which he refused to pay; he came the next day, the 10th of July, and made an excuse to change the breeches, and he flung the bundle on the drawers, I said, says I, the poor young man has brought back the things, finding he cannot pay for them, and I looked at it, and there was these things.
What did you do with these things that the bundle contained? - I went immediately and acquainted his master and gave them to him.
Court to Hogard. Have the things been in your possession ever since? - Yes.
When did you see these things last, before you lost them? - The green ribbon I saw the day before.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going upon business to Soho-square, and coming back I saw that bundle laying in the street, in the inside of a handkerchief; it was almost dusk; I believe my witnesses are not here.
Court to Jury. The prosecution is ever in favour of innocence, and there is no evidence of the prisoner's stealing these things out of the dwelling house if you are of that opinion you will acquit him of the capital part of the charge.




               GUILTY
            

Of stealing but not in the dwelling house.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
