





122. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     DUFF
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of November
, one black silk cloak, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Dodd
                  




               
            .


                  REBECCA
                   LEFEVRE
               



             sworn.
I live with Mrs. Dodd, milliner
, in Cranbourn Alley


, she lost a black silk cloak, on the 13th of November, it was taken away from the door, where they usually hang, I do not know who took it: Mr. Williams brought it in to me I knew it by the mark, I saw it that morning.
(The cloak produced and deposed to.)
- WILLIAMS sworn.
I had this cloak from one Harris a blacksmith at the back of my house, it was thrown into this shop, I brought it to this young lady.



                  GEORGE
                   WILTSHIRE
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker, I live at the corner of Cranbourn Alley; I have frequently seen the prisoner hanging about in the afternoons, and on the 13th of November last, I saw the prisoner hanging about at the corner of Rider's Court, and have often seen him him try at the cloaks at the doors, this was about nine in the morning, I saw him snatch the cloak from Mrs. Dodd's door, and run away with it, he ran up Earls Court, and I knew he had it under his coat all the way, and he fell down at the top of the Court, and I caught him and brought him back, and the boys said he had thrown the cloak in the smith's shop.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On the 13th of November, I was going to my work, and that gentleman stopt me, and said, I had stolen a cloak, I said, he might search me, I was surprized he should charge a man going about his business.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
