





309. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARNES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Aston
                        



                     
                  , at the hour of seven in the night, on the 7th of February
, and feloniously stealing therein four pair of silk stockings, value 20 s. the property of the said Richard Aston and 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Basing
                        



.


                  RICHARD
                   ASTON
               



             sworn.
On Saturday night the 7th of February, I was sitting in my parlour, about seven o'clock, and I heard a smash of my windows, in the parlour adjoining to my shop, and I jumped up, and leaped over the table, I knew the door was tied, and by main strength I broke the cords which tied it, one was tied round the door, and one was tied round the iron rails; as I have been at sea myself, I knew it must be a sailor that tied it; I flew out into the street, and run up the street; there were numbers of people that cried, there he is; I heard his footsteps, but there were several people between him and me; when I came to the corner, the back of Burlington Gardens, it being then quite open and light from the snow underneath, I saw the prisoner at the bar running, at the corner of Lady Grosvenor's house, turning from Bond-street towards Saville-row.
Court. How far had you gone from your own door when you saw him? - I suppose it is one hundred yards.
The man you saw running you pursued? - Yes, one of the witnesses, a little boy, endeavoured to throw him down, instead of falling down, he threw the stockings down under his knees; he turned clear of him, and run into my arms; I saw him throw something down, a chairman that was coming by caught hold of him; at the same time a pair of stockings were picked up by the boy, and two pair more were picked up by other people.
What did he say to you? - He used very abusive language.
Was any body running by him? - No.
Have you a partner

? - Yes, I am in partnership with Mr. Basing, I keep house by myself.
The remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few Days.
ERRATA. - In the beginning of Part II. Page 328, conclusion of the Trial of 
                  
                     Hugh
                      Graham
                  



               , instead of his sentence being
"Transported for seven Years," read,
"To be
"kept to hard labour three Years on the Thames."
Part VII. will contain, among many others, the remarkable TRIAL of 
                  
                     WILLIAM
                      WADE
                  



               , for the Mu der of his Apprentice Girl, by starving her to death.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 25th of FEBRUARY, 1784, and the following Days;
Being the THIRD SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. 
                  
                     ROBERT
                      PECKHAM
                  



               , Esq; 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT HAND BY E. HODGSON, And Published by Authority.
NUMBER III. PART VII.
LONDON:
Printed for E. HODGSON (the Proprietor) And Sold by J. WALMSLAY, No. 35, Chancery Lane, and S. BLADON, No. 13, Pater-noster Row.
MDCCLXXXIV.


THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS UPON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.
Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  James
                   Barnes
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
Court. How old are you? - Just turned of fifteen; on the 7th of January I heard some people cry out, stop thief! I turned round, and saw the prisoner come running along, I stooped down, he whipped of one side of me, and threw the stockings down on one side of me.
Did you see him throw the stockings down? - Yes, he slipped on one side of me just as I went to fall down.
How many pair of stockings did you see him throw down? - I did not take notice, I ran to the gentleman and shewed him where they lay.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I was coming from Charles Court, in the Strand, to go to High-street, Marybone, coming through this place, I saw a great mob, and the people were argufying about something, I do not know what it was; I have nobody to my character, I am tried too soon!
(The stockings deposed to.)
Court to Prosecutor. Where had the stockings been laying before they were lost? - They were laying upon the shew-board in the window, folded up, it is a bow window with a shew-board within side.
What glass was it that was broke? - It was a large square.
How did it lay? - It was a square of the sash that was broke.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
