





382. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  O'HARA
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of March
, a pair of mocoa studs, set in silver, value 2 s. a silver tea spoon, value 2 s. four silver table spoons, value 30 s. one gold ring, set with garnets, value 10 s. one gold shirt buckle, set with garnets, value 5 s. a silver penny, one silver pap spoon, value 2 s. five tea spoons, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Callow
                  




               
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Silvester.)


                  JAMES
                   BISHOP
               



             sworn.
I live at Clapham; I had taken a housein Stafford-street, Bond-street


; I had removed a house of goods there, that was the 25th of March, Lady-day; I placed them in a two pair of stairs room, adjoining to where the prisoner lived; he lived in the next room where the goods were; there were linen and bedding, and wearing apparel, and in short every thing that we had that was movable; this plate in the indictment was with them; the things said to belong to me, do belong to me, only the silver-penny, that was my housekeeper's; I made the room fast with the folding doors; they properly call it a large closer, just room for one bed; there was a bed in it, but they took out the bed for me to put the things in; I sent for a carpenter to put on a padlock, clasp and bolt; there was a lock and no key before; I missed the things on Thursday, about five, that was the 27th of March, I was taken ill, and my housekeeper came to town for some clean linen; the man was apprehended in our tap-room; there was found upon him, a pair of studs, a breast buckle and a gold ring, which was my housekeeper's.
Mr. Knowlys. Prisoners Counsel. Do you know how many persons lodged in this house? - No, I do not, my things were, I believe they were, put under forty shillings, I value them at thirty shillings.


                  ELEANOR
                   CALLOW
               



             sworn.
I am housekeeper to Mr. Bishop; in this room in Grafton-street, there was a silver table spoon belonging to me, and the other things they were my property.
What is the value of them; as near as you can guess? - Five shillings; I came to town on the 27th, and I found the box broke open; I found the drawers broke open; when I came in, I took the key and opened the door, and found two drawers in the bureau, and one in a chest of drawers broke open; the door was locked, they unlocked the door; the padlock that was on appeared to be bent; the carpenter that I sent for, his name is Jackson; he found the hinges of the door had been taken off.
THOMAS JACKSON sworn.
I am a carpenter; I made this place fast the 25th, by putting fresh bolts and a padlock; on the 27th I was sent for by Mrs. Callow; when I came, I found the lock bent very much; here is the lock which had been picked seemingly; the hinge of the door dragged very much, which it did not before; the nails of the hinges appeared to have been drawn out, and were put in slightly, I know nothing about the house.


                  WILLIAM
                   NATHALL
               



             sworn.
I am a lodger in this house; I know this room where Bishop's things were, the prisoner and another man lodged in a room adjoining about nine or ten months; I believe he left the lodging about a day or two before he was accused, to the best of my recollection.
Was he there at Lady-day? - Yes, Sir, and after, because when the things were missed, the lodgers were warned out of the house, and he was there before that time.
Mr. Knowlys. You lodged in this house? - Yes, and had a considerable time.
The prisoner you say, did not leave the house till about a day or two before he was apprehended? - One or two days, I am not sure which.
He was apprehended I think about the 11th of April? - Somewhere thereabout.
How many persons lodged in that house? - I cannot positively say, about half a dozen.
What kind of house is this? - It is a public-house, the Goat, in Stafford-street.
Then the street door is of course open the greater part of the day? - Yes, Sir.


                  JOHN
                   BOYD
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; a servant to Mr. Kates, the corner of Bedford-street, in the Strand, on Wednesday the 8th ofApril, the prisoner, in company with a very genteel woman, came into our shop; she asked me, if I bought plate; I said, yes; upon that she put her hand in her pocket, and took out a handkerchief with this plate in it; and three more tea spoons, and a pair of sugar tongs; and said, she wanted to sell them; the tea pot she did not want to sell; she then gave me the five table spoons, the pap spoon and the pair of sugar tongs; and asked me what I would give her for them; I told her, I could give her three pounds for them; upon that, she referred to the prisoner, and asked him, if that would be money enough; she had the spoons in a handkerchief; the prisoner leaned on the counter, and he picked me out six tea spoons, and he asked me what I would give him for them; I told her, I could give thirteen shillings and six-pence for them; upon that she said something to the prisoner, and he said, that would do; and they wrapped up the other sugar tongs and three tea-spoons in the handkerchief, and went away; I gave them the money for them; after they were gone, I saw a hand-bill from Bow-street, giving a description of the plate; I applied to Bow-street, and found out where the plate was stole from; I went to the prosecutor's house, described the persons to him; and he directly fixed on the prisoner.
Are you sure the prisoner is the man? - Yes, I am; and this plate I received from the woman.
Mr. Knowlys. This was not till the 8th of April you say? - Not till the 8th.
The person with whom you transacted this business you say was the woman? - I forgot to mention, when I laid down the money on the counter, the man took some, if not all the money.
Whether he gave it to the lady or no, you do not know? - I do not know what he did with it.
Your conversation was with the lady? - I did not hear him speak above two or three words.
Certainly your attention was chiefly directed to the lady? - Where they are in company, and it is referred to the other person, certainly my attention must be refered to them both.
Was not your attention particularly directed to the woman? - At first it was, because she took the plate out.
She asked you whether you sold plate? - No, she did not, she asked me, whether I bought plate.
How long was this woman there? - They might be there four or five minutes.
Is your shop an open shop, or is it divided into boxes? - Part of the shop is divided into boxes, and part of it is open; we had just lighted candles; it is much darkened; it was just dark.
The woman I take it stood forward? - They both stood even with the counter.
Was this in the part where the boxes were? - No, it was not; it was in an open part of the shop.


                  THOMAS
                   DYER
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner; I found on him one gold ring, set with garnets, a garnet breast buckle, a pair of studs, and a silver-penny; I found them just in the same state, in this box as they are now; they were in his pocket.
(The tongs deposed to by Mr. Bishop.)
It has my mark, J. M. B. and one spoon; I do not swear to the studs, but they are mine without doubt.
(Mrs. Callow deposed to one table spoon, one pap spoon, and five tea spoons.) The garnet ring and the garnet breast-buckle, I have no doubt but they are my property; but I do not chuse to swear to them; the penny-piece is mine, it was given to my little boy, when he was a baby, with a hole to put round his neck.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
