





579. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ELLIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of April
 last, one loaf of sugar, weight twenty pounds, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Douglass
                  




               
            .


                  MARTHA
                   DOUGLASS
               



             sworn.
I keep a chandler's shop, I lost this loaf of sugar, on the 23d of April, it weighed twenty-two pounds three quarters; I know the prisoner, I saw him go out of my shop, I was in the yard trundling my mop, and I heard the bell ring, I ran into the shop and the prisoner was running out, and somebody came and brought the prisoner and the loaf of sugar, I immediately knew it was the man I saw go out.


                  DAVID
                   TODD
               



             sworn.
I saw this loaf on the 23d of April, it is now in the same condition; I was at my house a quarter past four, I heard a little alarm, and I saw the prosecutrix much affected, and I followed the man by the information of a boy, and secured him; I said, my friend, you have some property that is not your's, no, says he, I have a loaf of sugar to carry to a man on Saffron-hill; the prisoner was walking hard, but not running, I said, you have stole it, and then he put down the loaf of sugar, and said I might have it, and I took him to Mrs. Douglass's.
- SIMPSON sworn.
I joined in pursuit with this man, and came up first (The sugar deposed to, marked No. 24.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A man wanted me to carry it, he gave me sixpence, he was missed directly as they cried out stop thief.
Court. Was the man lame or disabled to carry the sugar himself.
Prisoner. Yes, he was lame of one leg.
Prosecutrix. I had not seen the man's face, but I can swear to the colour of his coat, and his lank hair.
Prisoner. I have been at sea, and received one hundred pounds, when I came home; I am an ivory turner
, and worked with Mr. Alduss, in Kingsland-road, ever since last Whitsuntide, he is lame in bed, he has hurt his leg, and cannot get up.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
