





361. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of April
, a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Emery
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   EMERY
               



             sworn.
I am a lighterman
; on the 5th of April, about two o'clock in the morning, I went to the Talbot-inn


 along with the prisoner; we went to bed together; I fell asleep; when I awaked in the morning, she was gone; they were in my shoes when I went to bed.
Was you sober? - Yes; on the Monday night following, I met her, and with another young woman; she said, she hoped I would not hurt her, and she would tell me where my buckles were; I asked her where they were.
Did you tell her, you would not hurt her, if she told you where they were? - No; she said, they were in Westminster.
Did you ever get them again? - Yes; at Mr. Wright's, pawnbroker, in Westminster; I stopped her, and took her to the watch-house, at the New Church,in the Strand; an officer of Litchfield-street went to the pawnbroker's.


                  ROBERT
                   SAYER
               



             sworn.
I am a waiter at the Talbot-inn; the prisoner and the prosecutor came in about two o'clock in the morning; I believe about the 5th of April, I cannot tell the day; I asked the young man if he wanted a bed for him and his wife; he said yes; I shewed them up to bed, and in about half an hour after the prisoner came down; I turned the key of the door, that nobody should go into the room afterwards; I know nothing of the buckles.


                  James
                   Kimber
               



            , the pawnbroker, was called, but not appearing, his recognizance was ordered to be estreated.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
He had no money, he gave me the buckles.
Prosecutor. I gave her two shillings.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


