






578. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  DUTTON
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d day of August
 last, one cotton waistcoat, value 6 d. three flannel waistcoats, value 3 s. two pair of velveteen ditto, value 7 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Inglefield
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   INGLEFIELD
               



             sworn.
On the 2d of August I lost some clothes from the Cross Keys, Grace-church-street


; I saw them in the morning at seven o'clock in my lodging; the prisoner came into my room in the morning between six and seven with the Woolwich coachman; he sleeps in the same room; the things lay on my box; the prisoner took them up, and said damn my eyes, if I had half your duds I would not care for any body; I have known him three years; I shut the door and came out, and he with me, and went down stairs; I was at home all day; I went out in the evening with the Dover coach, and came back about ten minutes past nine with the Woolwich; I went into the tap room, and the chamberlain came down and told me my things were lost; I went up stairs and found these things gone that lay on the box in the morning; the prisoner was seen in the house; I went for a constable, and when I came back he was taken; I saw him the next morning. A woman named 
               
                  Alice
                   Williams
               



             came the next morning, and asked me if I had not been robbed of some breeches and other things; I said yes; she said she could shew me them if I went with her to the Fleece in Leadenhall-market; I went and saw them there, and sent for a constable to take them; I found one pair of my breeches on him; the next day he was taken before my Lord Mayor.


                  MARY
                   COLLIS
               



             sworn.
I live at the Cross Keys; I saw a person go down stairs with a bundle; I only saw his back; I cannot swear to him.


                  MARY
                   SEELY
               



             sworn.
I saw a man about half past nine pass my door; I observed he was a stranger to me, but I do not who; I did not see him have anything; I do not know that that was him.


                  FRANCIS
                   BAYLEY
               



             sworn.
On the Sunday night, just before I was going to set my watch, I was sent for; another constable had the prisoner; the next morning I was sent for again to go to the Fleece in Leadenhall-market, and I took this woman into custody with the things, and she was bound over.


                  ELIZABETH
                   FLOWERS
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner with a knife on the stairs.
Another WITNESS sworn.
I saw the prisoner have these breeches on the Sunday morning, laying on a bench, that were put into a bundle that that he took out of the book keeper's bed room; I knew them by two marks of grease on the left thigh I had observed.
Prisoner. Had not you and me and the book-keeper a glass of gin together? - Yes, between seven and eight.


                  DAVID
                   BRADSHAW
               



             sworn.
On Sunday morning, between twelve and one, I was going to bed, and I suspected there was somebody in the stables by the barking of a tarrier, and I found the prisoner asleep there; I was angry with the watchman, but he said no harm had come; I knew the prisoner by his standing at a public house adjoining to the inn, to take parcels away that are brought to the warehouse of the inn; I heard nothing more of him till about nine on Sunday evening; I was alarmed as I was at supper in the bar, by the former witness calling out that there were thieves in the gallery, accordingly I went up stairs; they directed me to the part of the chambers which I found to be the book-keeper's room; I saw the things thrown about, and some appeared to be falling; while I was up in the gallery I was called to that he was in the house; I delivered him to the patrole.



                  ALICE
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I live in Bishopsgate-street, I get my bread in Leadenhall-market, I black shoes; I never saw the prisoner with my eyes before now, on the Monday morning I came about a quarter before ten, and opened the door to clean my shoes, there was no lock to it, and there I found some things, three pair of breeches and four waistcoats, I carried them to Mr. Bayley's.
THOMAS BRANN sworn.
I have had the things ever since.
(Produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went into the necessary in Leadenhall-market, and I saw one pair of breeches lay, and I put them on, and they took me into custody; I was in liquor.
Court. Did you leave your own breeches behind you? - Yes.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


