





74. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CASHON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Norris
                        



                     
                  , on the King's highway on the 9th of November
 last, and putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, three men's linen shirts, value 3 s. and one child's shirt, value 6 d. one cap, value 4 d. and one apron, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edmund 
                     Netterville
                  



               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   NORRIS
               



             sworn.
I live at Mr. Bailey's, a sashmaker, in Bunhill-row, I am an apprentice
, my mother is a washerwoman, she sent me for some linen, and on my return I called at Mr. Netterville's for another bundle of linen; I did not see what was in the bundle then, it was tied in a white apron, and as I was going up White-cross-street


, between eight and nine at night (the street has a many butchers in it and lamps, so that it is well lighted) a person behind me snatched this bundle from under my arm, I immediately called out stop thief, and turned round with intent to pursue the person that had robbed me, and having the presence of mind, as God put it into my head, to put the other bundle into Mr. Tyler's shop, a butcher, I ran round Foster-buildings, one end comes into White-cross-street, and at the top of these Foster-buildings I met the prisoner, with the property under his arm, this might be between three and eight minutes; I do not think it could be four minutes, when the man that snatched the bundle ran down the alley, I had a sight of his back, and of a bundle under his arm; as far as I can apprehend, it was the prisoner, but I cannot be sure; I caught him in my arms, and he laid down the bundle, and said, damn your eyes what do you want with me; I have seen the prisoner several times before, he struck me on the breast, and I threw him down; he knocked me down, we both rose, and I knocked him down, and he threw me down upon him; a person came and assisted me, and took up the bundle and gave it me, this gentleman is the man that lent me a hand to take him, and by God's providence, and his assistance, I was able to take him, and he was committed.
Court. Was the thing pulled from you by violence or not? - It must be by violence.
Did you guard it very tight? - I did not guard it very tight, I might hold it slack.


                  GEORGE
                   GEARY
               



             sworn.
I live in Foster-buildings, I heard the cry of stop thief, and saw the prisoner and this witness struggling at the top of the buildings, it is a court with a thoroughfare, and there was a bundle laid down just by; there were a good many people just by, I immediately secured him, he said nothing then, but before the Justice he said, it was thrown into his arms, the second time he went before the Magistrate, he said, he kicked it before him.


                  THOMAS
                   HYAM
               



             sworn.
Confirmed the evidence of 
               
                  Joseph
                   Norris
               



            .
The three shirts deposed to by Mr. Netterville.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A man run by me, and I saw a white thing lay, and I picked up the bundle, and the prosecutor met me and hit me with a stick, and said I had robbed him; the prosecutor was going to swear the robbery to my father, after he had sworn it to me; I can fetch witnesses if you will let me.


                  JOSEPH
                   BAILEY
               



             sworn.
When the prisoner was taken up for the robbery, his father was taken up for a rescue or assault, and the prosecutor swore the robbery against the father at the same time; I called out young man take care, somebody asked him, and he said the father was the man.
Asked him what? - I do not recollect what; he twice said, the father was the man that robbed him, the prisoner has worked for me, he never cheated me.
Prosecutor. I charged the father with striking me, I did not charge the father with the robbery, I mistook the Magistrate's question the first time; I never said, the father was the man that robbed me.
The Prisoner called four other witnesses who gave him a good character.


                  JAMES
                   NORRIS
               



             the Prosecutor's father sworn.
Who was present at the examination of the father, and he confirmed the prosecutor's evidence, about his not charging the prisoner's father with the robbery.
Hyam. I was present at the examination of the father, the prosecutor answered yes, by mistake, he recalled his words, I am sure of this fact.
Court. Did he twice repeat that the father was the man that robbed him? - But once, I did not hear him, it was recalled directly, a person spoke to him.




               GUILTY. Of stealing, but not violently from the person
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


