





294. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HULME
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously, and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Tatt
                     




                  , at the hour of two in the night, on the 26th day of April
 last, and feloniously stealing therein, one steel swivel seal, mounted with base metal, value 6 d. one base metal sleeve button, value one halfpenny, one steel penknife, value 1 d. ten counterfeit shillings, value 20 d. two counterfeit six-pences, value 2 d. one crown piece, value 5 s. one piece of silver coin of this realm, called six-pence, value 6 d. one piece of silver, being part of a sixpence, value 3 d. one hundred and thirty-four half-pence, and eight hundred and two farthings, the goods, chattles, and monies of the said 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Tatt
                     



.


                  JOSEPH
                   TATT
               



             sworn.
I am a publican
 in Oxford-road


, on Sunday morning last, I arose between six and seven, I was first up in the house, and when I came down, I found the bar door open, and the cupboard door open, where I keep some trifles, I then suspected the prisoner, because about four or five nights before, I found him about eleven concealed in the necessary, and when I called to know who was there, he made no answer, and pushed out; on Wednesday, I went to the office and saw the prisoner there, I could not swear to any thing, but the broken sixpence and the seal, he said, he found those things in a field by Kilburn Wells, I found the frame of the flap of the cellar, that goes upon the curb stone wrenched open, and the lock of the cellar door was broke, by that he got into the tap room, then he opened the bar door, with a strong iron skewer.


                  STEPHEN
                   HORNE
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner at the bar by sight, on Sunday night I met him in Grosvenor-Square, about twelve; being the patrol, I saw something white on his arm, I asked him where he was going, he said, to the White-horse cellar, Piccadilly, to go into the country the next morning, I told him it was too late, he wanted to make off; I took him by the jacket, and found a weight in his pocket; he went back with me to his washerwoman's, they knew nothing of him only washing for him three or four times, I sent for my partner, and we took the property he had on him; there was a bag of farthings, which I took in my custody.


                  JAMES
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
I am Captain of that part of the patrol, one of the men came to me, and told me they had stopt a suspicious person, when I came they were begining to search him: I searched h im, and in his pockets I found this silver, and that half sixpence; that seal, the knife, the gimblet, and all these halfpence and farthings, they have been in my custody ever since, he said, they weresent his by friends out of the country, I found a letter in his pocket, which was dated the 21st of April, and that was but the 27th, and if they sent them, I thought they would have mentioned them in the letter, and it is impossible for two waggons to come up from Burton upon Trent, where he said, they came from in that time: he said, they were sent to him to make use of: he said, he worked at Mr. Wyatt's in Oxford-road, I called there the next day, and he had left it some time, I took him before Sir Sampson Wright, and he was committed for further examination, he them informed Sir Sampson that he found them in a field near Kilburn Wells.
(The broken sixpence deposed to.)
Court to Allen. That was amongst the things found on the prisoner? - Yes.
Court to Prosecutor. What things did you lose out of the bar? - There was a bag the size of this, that had above a guinea and an half of good halfpence, and there were five papers of bad halfpence, tied up in five shilling papers. I believe there was 16 or 17 s. in farthings.
You do not recollect exactly the quantity of farthings that were in your bag? - We never tell them.
Do you know the bag? - This bag I will venture to say is the same.
Are you sure of it? - Canvas is a thing one cannot swear to, there is no mark on it, the size is exactly the same.
Was there any thing else you lost? - Nothing but bad silver; there was a five shilling piece found in his pocket, and I remember I had one in my cupboard; but I cannot swear to it: the seal I have some knowledge of, I was left trustee to a little girl, and this was amongst some little toys of hers, but I cannot swear to it; the little girl is dead.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was walking in the fields on Sunday morning by Kilburn Wells early, and I found these things in the field in the foot road; I have no witnesses, I have not been long in town.
(The sixpence handed to the Jury).
Court to Jury. The time that the prosecutor found his house broke open, was between six and seven; now it is good day light, at half past four; therefore you see there were two hours or near it, from day break to the time, in which this fact must have been committed, therefore to be sure the evidence is not direct as to the time in which it was committed: if it was commited after day-light in the morning, it is not in point of law a burglary; therefore that circumstance certainly leaves some latitude to you in the consideration of that part of the charge.
GUILTY.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
