





416. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BREWER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April
; two stuff gowns, value 5 s. one linen gown, value 2 s. one linen bed gown, value 6 d. one stuff apron, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Connel
               




            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  WILLIAM
                   CONNEL
               



             sworn.
I caught the thief in the fact, he took the things in the indictment; the prisoner was the man, I found him in the room and the things taken off the line, on the floor along side himself; it was the 29th of April, about 10 o'clock in the morning, the door was fastened within side, and I burst the door open; says the prisoner, Sir, your chimney is on fire, your chimney is on fire: says I, how can that be when there is no fire in the place? but says he, it was on fire; says I, you shall not go off so; he ran away and I cried stop thief, and the people ran after him, and a woman told me he was ran into a shop; I laid hold of him, he said I struck him, that will not do says I; he desired to have his soot sack, there was nothing in the sack, the sack and the clothes were both together, he left the sack on the floor and ran away, and when the sack was brought to the magistrates, he claimed it as his sack.


                  JOHN
                   REYNOLDS
               



             sworn.
The prosecutor rents an apartment from me, and I work hard and rise early, at 2 o'clock, I went to bed, at 10 o'clock I was just fell asleep and heard a noise, and I thought it might be a fire, I went up stairs and found the prisoner there, I am sure he is the man, he had run away I understood and had been brought back, and a bundle of clothes now here lying by his soot bag, making apologies that he did not come in for any hurt, but because the chimney was on fire; I took the prisoner down to Bow-street and the soot sack, I did not see him before he was brought back, I searched him at the office, and found these two keys down his back, this key opens the door of the prosecutor's apartment and locks it, he claimed the soot bag.
Prisoner. Did not you say when you came back that the key would not fit? - It did fit.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was sweeping some chimnies next door, and I went to this house for more work, there was a girl at work with the things about her, I took the grate out of the middle of the room; I was going about the chimney, and the prosecutor came up and began ill using me, and I ran down stairs.
Reynolds. He had no soot in his bag, and had not been called into the house.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  BARON
                   PERRYN
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


