






496. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CLARK
                   otherwise 
HOSIER




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 18th day of March
 last, one silver watch, value 40 s. one steel watch chain, value 5 s. one seal value 2 s. one other seal, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Meredith
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   MEREDITH
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday the 8th of March, I lost a silver watch; I was going from Colledge-hill to the London tavern, where I live, between nine and ten going past the Mansion-house-gate


 I saw a number of people at the gate, I could not cross for carriages; a chair was coming the opposite way, I let it come by me, and I perceived two men coming past the chair, I thought they were going on the same way that the chair was; and when they came opposite me they stopped, and stood both up before me; they stopped, and I endeavoured to go on; they went before me, and I could not pass them; some stoppage ensued, and there was a pushing and justling about, and in that time I found my watch jerking two or three times in my fob, and the instant I put my hand towards my fob, I seized the prisoner by the arm, and I saw my watch chain hanging from his hand.
Where was his hand? - His hand was very near to me, very near my fob, he had got my watch out; I immediately seized him by the collar, I gave the alarm of pick, pocket and thief; then the prisoner said, he is going to rob me, he is going to rob me, or something of that sort; and two or three people got between me and the prisoner, to wrench my hand away from his collar; I was struck upon the face and bit upon the left shoulder by somebody, I cannot say who; the mark was there for a fortnight afterwards; at that interval I lost my hat, and likewise my pocket handkerchief; I secured the prisoner, I never loosed him till he was taken into custody.
Jury. Did you see enough of the chain and seals to be sure it was your watch? - I am sure of it.


                  WILLIAM
                   FORSYTH
               



             sworn.
I was within nine or ten yards of the prisoner; I saw the prosecutor have hold of him, and I took him into the Mansion-house, before Mr. Miller the City Marshal, who found a watch upon him, but not the prosecutor's, he was taken to the Compter.


                  WILLIAM
                   GOFF
               



             sworn.
I also helped to secure the prisoner.
Court to Forsyth. Had the watch that was found on him a chain to it? - I think it had a ribbon or string, I cannot say which.


                  WILLIAM
                   MILLER
               



             sworn.
I had this watch delivered to me, it had a yellow string, with two gold seals, one remarkable small one, and a very beautiful curious seal.
(The watch produced.)
Prisoner. I was wounded in the action of 
               
                  Inigo
                   Jones
               



            , here is a pension signed by the Lord Mayor; I brought home above one hundred pounds, and went into partnership with my sister; I have been in town five years.
The prisoner called five witnesses to his character, two of whom said he lodged in Grub-street with his wife, and was in partnership with his sister at Chatham.
Mr. Miller. When I asked him to give an account of himself, he told me he was a journeyman to Mr. Wright, a butcher, in St. James's market, and had been so a long time.
Prisoner. I said I served my time there.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported to Africa for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before Mr. Justice NARES.
