





221. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     BUCKERIDGE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of February
, a silver tea-spoon, value 2 s.
             the propertie of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Barrie
                  




               
            .



                  JOHN
                   BARRIE
               



             sworn.
I keep a sale-shop
 in Aldersgate-street


; on the 13th of February, about three o'clock, the prisoner was brought into my shop by two persons, they laid the teaspoon on the counter, and asked if I had been robbed, for my window was broke; I looked in and I found it broke, and missed some spoons that were marked A. S. M. the same as that they brought in; there was only one of them left.


                  BENJAMIN
                   SKELTON
               



             sworn.
I live opposite the prosecutor's; I saw the prisoner and another boy about three o'clock at the prosecutor's window, I saw their hands up at the window, and thought I saw something move in the window, but I was not certain; then one of them ran one way, and the other the other way, and I saw the prisoner put something in his pocket; I ran after him, and saw him throw something in the kennel, I pursued him and took him, and brought him back to the prosecutor's; I did not find any thing upon him.


                  SAMUEL
                   BLAND
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner at the prosecutor's window, and thought I saw him put something in his pocket; I followed him with the last witness, who told me he had thrown something away, and bid me look for it; I did, and found a spoon, and took it to Mr. Barrie's.
(The spoon was produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going for a half-penny worth of tobacco, this gentleman laid hold of me and said I had thrown something away; I know nothing of it; I have sent two or three times for my father, but have not had any answer.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
