





322. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HOLTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of April
, nine yards of Irish linen cloth, value 9 s. a calico shawl, value 4 s. two pair of stockings, value 4 s. and two linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Ewbank
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   EWBANK
               



             sworn.
I keep a linen-draper's shop
, in Moor-street, St. Giles's


; I have missed some goods; this man was recommended to me very strongly, as a man of integrity and honesty; he came to me last Monday morning, the 31st of March, as shopman
, and last Monday morning when I came down stairs about eight, I found him behind the counter, he was quite intoxicated; I asked him some questions, he could not answer; I went down in the kitchen to have my hair dressed, and through the kitchen window, I saw the prisoner go out with something under his arm; I went up stairs, and he returned in about five minutes; I asked him where he had been? and what parcel he took out? he denied taking any parcel out; I said, I saw you myself; then says he, it was my dirty linen; I turned, and saw his dirty linen on the counter; there it is, says I, how can you talk of your linen; what is the parcel you took out? he flatly denied it again; in consequence of which, he was running backwards and forwards all day; he was out and intoxicated all day; he came home late in the evening and went to bed; I suspected him, this morning, early, about seven o'clock, I got a constable to search his boxes, and there was nothing of mine; there was a pocket-book which the constable took charge of, in which there was a great many duplicates; he was sent to the watch-house; I went with the constable to the pawnbroker's by the direction of the duplicates; they shewed the goods, and I swore to them before the Justice; I knew the goods when they were produced.
Mr. Schoen, Prisoner's Counsel. You have said this man was very well recommended to you? - Yes.
You say he was so drunk you could not understand him? - Yes, he was very drunk.
(The things belonging to these duplicates produced and deposed to.)
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
