





34. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FENDLOW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Ann
                     


                   the wife of 
                     
                        John
                         Roots
                     



                  , in the King's highway, on the 1st of November
 last, and putting her in fear, and feloniously taking from her person, and against her will, four pair of cotton stockings, value 4 s. three linen shirts, value 15 s. one white corded dimity waistcoat, value 4 s. three linen handkerchiefs, value 3 s. four linen stocks, value 3 s. and two pair of lawn ruffles, value 4 s. the goods of the said 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Roots
                        



.


                     ANN 
                     ROOTS
                  



               
             sworn.
I am wife
 of 
               
                  John
                   Roots
               



            , I was going through High-street, St. Giles's


 with two bundles of clean linen, and a boy
 snatched one out of my hand, the top-one was snatched off, I gave a scream out, I was very much frightened.
Court. Did the boy say any thing to you before? - No.
Who was the boy? - I believe it to be the prisoner, but my fright was very great, I cannot swear positively to him, but that is him to the best of my knowledge, I screamed out, a man cried out shop, and he dropped some of the linen, and I picked it up, and he threw down the remainder, and the man picked it up; I got all the linen again, and the boy was taken.


                  JOHN
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I live in the same street where the robbery was committed, I went to order a pint of porter across the way, and I saw the prosecutrix with two bundles of linen, and I saw the prisoner take the uppermost bundle, and make across the way.
Court. Can you swear to the boy; - Yes.
Why it was dark? - Yes.

Had you taken notice of the boy before? - I have frequently seen him going round the street following gentlemen to pick their pockets, I have no doubt of the boy at all.
Did you pursue him? - Not at first, I looked at the woman and at him, and he was taken about thirty or forty yards distance.
Prisoner. If he saw me picking pockets, why did not he excuse me, Sir.
Mr. Justice Willes to Prisoner. How old are you? - Going on sixteen, I have a mother alive and a father-in-law, my own father is dead; I was bred up to a whitesmith.


                  THOMAS
                   HILLIARD
               



             sworn.
I am headborough of St. Giles's; on the 3rd of November last I was going to the Round-house with a young lad about the size of that, who had stole a card of lace, and returning I heard the prosecutrix scream out very much, I heard the cry of stop thief, I was on the opposite side of the way, and I saw the prisoner at the bar run very fast, I nearly met him, and somebody knocked him down in going over the way, I had a candle and lanthorn in my hand, I took him and brought him to the Round-house; I have had the linen in my possession ever since.
(The linen produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. I know nothing of the things, I have no witnesses.




               GUILTY Of the felony, but not of putting in fear
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Court to Prisoner. In compassion to your youth, the Jury have saved your life, but in compassion to the publick, you may assure yourself you will not continue in this country.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
