





836. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SCULLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th day of July
 last, one wooden box, value 5 s. one tortoiseshell snuff box, value 6 d. one tobacco box, value 4 d. two marble images, value 2 d. five dozen of prints, value 1 s. one dozen of steel files, value 1 s. two pair of iron nippers, value 3 d. one clothes brush, value 4 d. two reading glasses, value 6 d. two pen knives, value 3 d. and one pair of scissars, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Ibbetson
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   IBBETSON
               



             sworn.
I am a cutler
; on the 19th of July, I went to work at six, I was sent to between nine and ten, and informed I was robbed: I came and found my box moved from the place where it stood, on the bed ready to be carried off.


                  JANE
                   ANDERSON
               



             sworn.
Mr. Ibbetson put his key under my door, and when I went up stairs his door was a little open, and I pushed it open, and caught the prisoner, and held him as fast as I could; but he ran down and I after him; he was taken and brought back, it was the same man; I knew him very well then, he had light coloured cloths on, but I cannot see him now. (Looks around.)
Court. Step out a minute.
Court to Mr. Akerman. Now get three or four men to stand in the bar with the prisoner, and one that is in light coloured clothes.
This being done, the woman was called in again, and asked if she knew any of the men, and she said she did not.


                  MARY
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I live up two pair of stairs in this house, I know the prisoner passed me and went up stairs on that day, I opened my door and saw him pass; I saw him when he was brought back: that is the man that passed me, and the man I first saw.
Court. Are you sure of that? - Yes.
How came you to attempt to shew the last witness which was the man, by pointing to him? - Because she never was in the Court before, and I thought she did not know where to look for him.


                  THOMAS
                   PENNY
               



             sworn.
I stood at my door between nine and ten in the morning, and I heard a cry of stop thief! I looked round and saw the prisoner run, I laid hold of him, he said he had done no harm to anybody, and Mrs. Anderson came and cried out directly, that is the villain I caught in my room: we went up stairs, and there was a box stood at top of the bed, she said the box was moved.
Court. Were not there other people running on the cry of stop thief? - A good many, but he was a great way before them all: the prisoner told me an acquaintance of his lodged there, and he mentioned that before the Justice, that he went to see for him; he said he did not know how he came into the room, the door was open: I felt his clothes, he had two coats on, and in the inside lining of his under coat I found a false key, which I have in my pocket, that would not open the door, but one more was found upon him at the Justice's, which opened the door the same as the right key did.
Court to Prosecutor. You spoke of the box being moved, where was it moved to? - As it may be from the corner of the side of the bed; it has stood in a corner of the room for many years.


                  FRANCIS
                   UMPAGE
               



             sworn.
On the 19th of July the witness Penny brought the prisoner to Mr. Walker's, and searched him and found that key in the lining of his hat.


                  THOMAS
                   MEECHAM
               



             sworn.
This key was found on the prisoner, which I tried at the door of the prosecutor's room, and it opens it as well as if made for it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I never was in the place till I was brought back; they were crying stop thief, and somebody stopped me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
