





561. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of April
 last, two printed cotton gowns, value 10 s. one cotton petticoat, value 5 s. one stuff petticoat, value 8 s. five linen shifts, value 10 s. one cotton counterpane, value 3 s. one linen counterpane, value 4 s. one diaper napkin, value 12 d. two diaper table cloths, value 5 s. a bed gown, value 10 s. a knife case, value 16 s. eleven knives, value 6 s. ten forks, value 4 s. one silver strainer, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Walker
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, in her dwelling house
            .


                  ANN
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
I lost my property; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  GEORGE
                   MEACHAM
               



             sworn.
On Monday the 26th of April last, between one and two in the afternoon, I met the prisoner in Drury-lane, with this knife case under his coat, I immediately took him into custody, I took him to Justice Walker's, in Hyde-street, Bloomsbury, I advertised the property, and the prosecutrix owned it.
Was there any thing but that knife case found on the prisoner? - I found nothing else, he behaved very civil, and said he bought it of a man just by, he did not say where.
(The knife case deposed to, by the prosecutrix.)
What do you know it by? - I described the case and the knives that were in it, and I have the key in my pocket (The knife case opened) I am sure it is mine, I lost it on the 26th of April, I missed it about three o'clock, it was taken from the top of the house, a drawer was broke open and cleared of the linen; on Thursday I saw the advertisement and described my knife case, I do not know how he got in, I had not been out.
What does your family consist of? - I keep a school, and we had a great many children about at the time, my door stands open, I live in Southampton-street, Covent Garden.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming up Russel-street, from Covent Garden, and met a shipmate of mine, he asked me to drink, we went into the corner house and had a glass of rum, he asked me if I was going towards Oxford-road, I told him I was, he asked me to carry it for him, I did not know the property was stolen, I met Meacham, and the man knowing him made his escape, I went quietly with him not thinking they were stolen.
Who was the man? - He was a shipmate of mine on board the Princess Royal.
What was his name? - 
               
                  Thomas
                   Osborn
               



            .
Where was he when Meacham stopped you? - He was just behind.
Why did you not call him then? - I was rather frightened, I have no witnesses.
Court. Gentlemen of the Jury; we have no proof of any thing but the knife case, which is laid to be of the value of twenty six shillings only, so that then the offence is not capital, and it is for your consideration, whether you think upon this evidence he stole this knife case, it was found in the afternoon soon after it was missed, he then said he bought it, now he gives a different account, you will judge whether he stole it, and if you think so, you will find him guilty.




               GUILTY 26 s.
            

Court to Prosecutor. Did you say your drawers were broke open up stairs? - Yes, my Lord.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
