






594. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DALL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
 last, a pannel saw, value 2 s. an oil stone, value 3 d. a smoothing plane, value 6 d. one drawing knife with two wooden handles, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bennett
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BENNETT
               



             sworn.
I lost the tools mentioned in the indictment, from my shop in Shoreditch


; in the morning the bolt of the window shutter was out; I received information of them from the watchman; the things were mine, and are here.
JAMES COFFEE sworn.
Between one and two, as I was going my round, the prisoner laid again a wall in Catherine-wheel-alley; he had a drawn knife in his hand; I saw some tools on him, and I asked him what tools he had? he said he had a drawing knife and a plane; and lodged at the Star in Wingford-street; he said he was there at eleven that night, and came out after another man; I told him to go home, as that knife was an unlawful weapon; he left a saw behind him, and went off; I suspected him, and took him into custody; he was very much in liquor; he went quiet and easy with me: it is about a mile from the prosecutor's shop, to the place where I took him; the tools are here.


                  RICHARD
                   LANDSMAN
               



             sworn.
I was in the watch-house when the watchman brought the prisoner and the things; I have had them ever since.
(Produced and deposed to, having the prosecutor's name on all but the plane.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been to a club, and coming home, I went up this alley, and found the plane and the drawing knife; the saw I know nothing of.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


