





481. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JACKSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Green
                     



                  , about the hour of twelve in the night, on the 28th of April
 last, and burglariously stealing therein a man's cloth box coat, value 16 s. a thickset waistcoat, value 12 d. a pair of leather gloves, value 3 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles Winslay 
                           Cox
                        



                     
                  , Esq
.
            



                  WARREN
                   TIPPEN
               



             sworn.
I am servant to 
               
                  Charles
                   Winslay Cox
               



            , Esq; he has a pair of job horses in the stable of 
               
                  Daniel
                   Green
               



            , who keeps the General Wolfe in Oxford-road




; on the 28th of April, I left my great coat in the stable at the General Wolfe yard; the next morning I missed my coat; I apprehended the prisoner; he owned where the coat was; it was found on the 5th of May, in the possession of 
               
                  John
                   Smith
               



            , a salesman, in Monmouth-street; I have my gloves; my waistcoat I never have had since, it was lost on the 4th of May; the gloves were lost on the 28th of April, they were in the great coat pocket; I know the prisoner's brother; he has worked in our yard as labourer, and drove a hackney coach
 for Mr. Green; and hearing of him changing money, and knowing he had done no work for some time, I suspected him, and I took him; and the key of the gate, which let him in, was found upon him.


                  JOHN
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
I belong to the office in Bow-street; I found this great coat at Mr. Smith's in Monmouth-street; he delivered it to me directly; the prisoner himself told me where he had sold the coat; the prisoner was taken, and he fell a crying, and hoped he should not be prosecuted.
Did you threaten, or promise him? - No; it was his own voluntary will.
(The coat deposed to.)


                  THOMAS
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a salesman in Monmouth-street; I bought this coat of the prisoner, and put the seal upon it at the Justice's.
What did you give the prisoner for it? - Sixteen shillings.
Did you know him before? - No.
Did you make any enquiry how he came by it? - He came very publicly into the street, at four in the afternoon; he had it over his arm; he offered it to several shops; it hung at the door all the week after, I had no notion of its being stolen; the officer came to me, and I fetched it down immediately; it is small sized, it will not fit the prisoner.
What would such a coat as that cost at first? - I suppose about three guineas.
Coachman. The coat never was worn six months.
Smith. Then, you have worn it night and day; gentlemen's coachmen generally have their left-off clothes; we buy better than this; I saw the coat; says I, it is rather too small for you; says he, it fitted me when it was first made for me; and he being a young man, I thought he might have grown.


                  JOHN
                   UMPAGE
               



             sworn.
I know no more than apprehending him; I took him; I asked him if he knew any thing of the coat; he said, no; I asked him where he lodged; he went with me.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say.




               GUILTY Of stealing, but not of the burglary
            .
To be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
