





1006. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     M'COY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 6th day of October
 last, a pair of girls leather shoes, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dickson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Clemments
                  



               
            .
JAMES CLEMMENTS sworn.
I am a Shoemaker

, and partner with 
               
                  Richard
                   Dickson
               



            ; the prisoner came into our shop, between five and six, the 6th of October, for a pair of shoes; I reached him a pair, he said they were too short, I went for another pair, and he took another pair, he said they would do very well, he desired me to bring down another pair, in the mean time he took a pair off the shelf, and concealed them behind his chair: the person who was sitting by informed us.


                  JOHN
                   FITZGEORGE
               



             sworn.
I was in the shop, and observed the prisoner come in to buy a pair of shoes and take a chair from the middle of the shop, pulled it on one side where this shelf was not inclosed, he sat down in the chair,put his hand behind the chair, took a pair off the shelf, and put them behind the chair;in the mean time Mr. Clemments brought him a pair, which he said were too little then I saw him take the pair which he had taken of the shelf, and put them in his bosom; the prisoner did not see me look at him, he looked another way; Mr. Clemments brought him another pair, whiles he said would do, he put them in a piece of paper, I went to the door, the prisoner made an excuse, and said he was going out and he would call for the shoes again; I told Mr. Dickson, and they stopped him, and took the shoes out of his breast.
(Deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I gave half a crown for them of a woman, before I went into the shop; the woman said she would attend here, her name is Gerrard Miller.




               GUILTY, 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Lord LOUGHBOROUGH.
