





262. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DUFF
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d day of March
 last, two linen gowns, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        Nathaniel 
                        Dance
                     



                  ; one linen ditto, value 12 s. an apron, value 2 s. a handkerchief, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Smith
                  



               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I live with Mrs. Dance, in Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square


; I lost the things in the indictment, I only speak to the property.


                  MARY
                   STENSON
               



             sworn.
I know two of the gowns belong to Mrs. Dance; I laid the gowns in the room myself; I live with Mrs. Dance, she is married to 
               
                  Nathaniel
                   Dance
               



            ; I laid the gowns down on the dresser about two, I missed them about a quarter before four; I had been with Mrs. Dance in the housekeeper's room, it opens to a passage that leads to the area; I do not know who took them; I saw the prisoner after he was taken, in the custody of the constable.


                  JOHN
                   WARREN
               



             sworn.
I came from Mr. Dance's dressing-room on the 3d of March, a quarter before four by my watch; I am butler to Mr. Dance; coming down the steps that lead to the servant's apartments, I saw the prisoner standing in the passage, in confusion, within a yard of the property, that is here, in the house, in the passage that leads to the area, opposite to the house-keeper's room; there I saw the boy in confusion, which made me speak to him, otherwise I should have taken no notice of him, I asked him what he wanted; he then in a very equivocating manner, spoke chimnies, chimnies; I wanted to know what he meant; he said he came to know about the chimnies; I asked him from whence he came; he said from Donnellan in Portugal-street; I then called the under butler, and told him to call the house-keeper, seeing these things lay; I then took the boy into the house-keeper's room, and he said he came from Hyde-Park-corner; he desired to be excused; a constable was sent for and searched him, and found upon him a wire which he has to produce.
The CONSTABLE sworn.
I saw the things laying in the passage, when I was called to take the boy into custody; in his pocket I found this wire with a hook at the end of it.
Warren. Mrs. Dance's two gowns were on some steps in the passage, and the others were on the ground.
Court to Mrs. Stenson. You left the things on the dresser? - Yes.
Court to Mrs. Smith. Did you see the things on the dresser? - Yes, I went out of the house-keeper's room, I suppose it might be half after two, I saw them there about two. (The things produced and deposed to.) This is Mrs. Dance's, I have seen her wear it; and this is another of Mrs. Dance's.

Mrs. Smith. I know this gown by my wearing it and buying it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
About eight in the morning I was calling about the streets sweep, Sir, and I saw a woman sweeping the door, I asked her if any of the chimnies wanted sweeping; I called in the afternoon, and the area gate being open, I went down stairs, and going through the passage, the gentleman attacked me, and accused me of taking them things; I know nothing about them any more than the dead.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
