








676. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COOPER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     UPTON
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     FARRELL 
                     KERNON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  ANDREW 
                  REDMAN
               



            , were indicted; the first for 


               stealing forty-nine cotton shirts, value 12 l. 5 s. and five pair of thread stockings, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Williamson
                  



               
            , Esq
; July 17th

; and the other three, for 


               receiving part of the said goods, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  JOHN
                   WILLIAMSON
               



            , Esq; sworn.
I appear to prosecute these people, merely for the good of the public. On the 3d of August, I went in consequence of an information I had received, with a search-warrant, to search Upton's house, No. 49, Windmill-street; there I found an apron hanging on the line, and some table-linen on the table, which were made out of my shirts; with the assistance of the officers, we found two duplicates in a box in that room; we took the woman we found in the room to Bow-street; in going there, Macmanus, one of the constables, met her husband in Leicester Square, and took him.
Have you at any time lost the goods in the indictment? - Yes, I missed them, but did not know how till after the information; I then missed forty-nine callico shirts; I know the exact number, because I had an account of all my linen in a book.
Did you miss any thing else? - Yes, some stockings.
Have you seen these since? - Yes, I have seen them all.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel. This boy, (Cooper) was your servant
? - Yes.
How long had he been so? - About four years.
What age is he? - About fourteen.
You brought him from India with you? - Yes.
He has been with you ever since? - Yes.
What character (independent of this transaction) does the boy deserve? - A better boy nor an honester creature never was born; I did not know that he was doing wrong; my confidence in him was unlimited; he had every thing of mine under his care, and even now I can take it into my service again; there is one circumstance, which as a proof of his honesty I shall just mention: I sent him in the course of the winter to buy some stockings for himself, he brought them to me, and asked me if I liked them; I told him they were what I meant he should have; he laid down the money as I was busy writing, and when I came to tell it, I found he had given me too much; I told him he had cheated the people; he said no, he had got them two-pence a pair cheaper than I could have got them.
You did not find any thing that had been your's in the state in which you lost it? - No, some of it was making into table-linen; there was a callico shirt.
This was a stock of linen you had during your stay in India? - Yes, some of them had been worn but an hour, in order to avoid the duty of the Custom-house, in consequence of having such a vast quantity; I had upwards of five hundred shirts: Upton's wife appeared to be (though poor and big with child) exceedingly industrious; and I never felt more in my life than at that time, to see her in that situation with her work before her: when the boy first came to me, he did not understand our language, andwhen the articles of war were read on board the ship, and that article concerning theft, I do not believe he understood it, but he had often seen me punish the people under my command, who had been guilty of crimes, and had prevaricated, and not told the truth; for if I caught them in a lie, I never let them go unpunished, and he always told me the truth.
Of what did your family consist? - Myself, my wife, the prisoner, and two maid-servants.
Your linen was always washed out? - Yes, they were given out and received back by the maid-servants; they were all clean, and were so when they were found upon the prisoners; except one, which was worn by Redman.
Did you keep the drawers always locked? - No, I had been very inattentive in that respect.
Had any body else access? - They might for aught I know, when they laid open.
Any other person in the house might have robbed you? - Yes, I did suspect it had been a servant maid that took the things away; and that was the reason I first kept the drawers locked up; I had observed the linen lay closer in the drawer than usual, and I used to d - n the washer-women for pressing my linen so close; sometime before this the boy went o an errand with twenty guineas, sometime before, which he had been trusted with, and which he faithfully delivered, and he has frequently been trusted with money in his pocket.


                  MARY
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I lodge at Mrs. Banbury's in Windmill-Street, the prisoner (Cooper) knocked at my door; I went and opened the door, and he asked me if there was not a man lived there that gave bills out; I said yes, up three pair of stairs.
What is his name? - 
               
                  Thomas
                   Upton
               



            ; the boy went up stairs.
Had he any thing? - No, not then; he went away, and came again in about half an hour afterwards; and I saw him go into Upton's room with a bundle.
What sort of a bundle? - Some things in a coloured handkerchief.
Was Upton at home? - No.
Did you see the handkerchief open? - No.
Was you ever in Upton's room? - Yes, many a time.
Did you ever see in his room this bundle? - No, only the shirts.
Should you know the shirts again if you were to see them? - I do not think I should; I remember the cloth was callico.


                  PATRICK
                   MACMANUS
               



             sworn.
I went with Captain Williamson to this room of Upton's; I found some duplicates and a shirt that had been cut up; the captain said he did not doubt but that was his, though it was cut up; I then took up Upton's wife, and sent Shallard with the duplicates to the pawn-broker's; on the road to Bow-Street we met Upton; I asked his wife if that was her husband; she said yes; she told him what she was going to Bow-Street about; and I told him he must go too; he began to cry and seemed very much frightened; then we went to Bow-Street; it was on the 3d of August, the same day the little boy gave information.
Court to Captain Williamson. How was that information procured? - I called upon Justice Addington in the morning, and told him of the robbery.
Was it not in consequence of threats? - No; I took the boy to the Justice without saying any-thing about it, and sent him in to ask if the Justice was there; (I had previously seen the Justice, and told him of it) the boy came out and said no; I then desired him to stay there till he came, and make my compliments to him; he did, and the Justice told him, Jack, I am sorry to find you are turning out a bad boy, and told him he had robbed his master; and he immediately confessed, and related all the circumstances.
Court to Macmanus. Look at that examination?- It is the examination of Cooper, one of the prisoners at the bar, taken before Justice Addington.
Was you present when it was taken? - No, but afterwards I was called in, and it was read over before the boy; and he was desired, if there was any part of it that was not truth, to contradict it; and he said it was all true.
In what language? - In English; he said it was all true, and I saw him sign it and the Justice too.
Court to Captain Williamson. Who took the examination? - The clerk.
Was Justice Addington present; - Yes.
Did the boy give his relation? - Yes.
And from his relation the confession was taken? - Yes.
(The confession read.)
Macmanus. When I brought Upton, I went to the boy, and he described Kernon as a person who gave bills out; I went towards the place where he said Kernon used to stand; I saw him and asked him if his name was Kernon; he said yes; I told him he must go with me to Bow-street; he asked me what for, and I told him; he began to cry.
Is Kernon a Jew? - No, I believe not, the boy took him for a Jew.
Is he lame? - Yes; I took him to Bow-street and searched his pockets, and found the key of his lodgings; I went there and found six shirts.
(They were produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Court to Mrs. Smith. You said you saw the boy come to Upton's, how was he dressed? - As he is now, in a brown coat and red collar.
Court to Captain Williamson. Is that your livery? - Yes, it is his livery undress.
What do you know those shirts by? - They are all marked with 
               
                  W. 
               


            and the number underneath.
Is that mark so plain you can see it? - Yes, there is the letter and number plain, though there has been an attempt to rub them out.
Macmanus. The next day the 4th of August, the boy was again at Bow-Street. he described Redman; he said he used to sell fruit about the street in such a place; I did not think he had told me well enough for me to find him; so I brought the boy with me, and Shallard and I and the boy went to Piccadilly, and found him; he said he lodged in Greek-Street, Soho; I went to his lodgings and found some duplicates, and one shirt that had been wore.
(Deposed to by the prosecutor.)
I found at the pawn-broker's this shirt and stockings.
(Deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Mr. Knowlys to Macmanus. When you asked him if his name was Kernon, he told you very readily it was? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   SHALLARD
               



             sworn.
I went with Upton to a cellar in Windmill-street, and he asked the woman for the shirt that had been left there, and she immediately gave it up; she said Upton's wife brought it her to cut up to make a frock for the child.
(Deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  HENRY
                   DIXON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawn-broker, the corner of Walker's-Court, Little Pultney-street; on the 30th of July, the prisoner Upton pledged this shirt with me for half-a-crown.
(Deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  JOHN
                   BOYD
               



             sworn.
I am a pawn-broker, I live with Mr. Caites in the Strand; on the 4th of July, the prisoner Redman pledged this shirt with me.
(Deposed by the prosecutor.)

ROBERT PAYNE sworn.
I am a pawn-broker, I live at Mr. Brown's in the Strand; the prisoner, (Redman) pledged these stockings with us in the month of June last; I lent him 1 s. on them.
(Deposed to by the prosecutor.)
The prisoners had nothing to say in their Defence.
The prisoner Upon called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
The prisoner Kernon called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
The prisoner Redman called four witnesses, who all gave him a good character.


                  JOHN
                   COOPER
               






               GUILTY
            .





               Privately Whipped
             and discharged.


                  THOMAS
                   UPTON
               






               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
The prisoners Cooper and Upton were recommended by the prosecutor.
FARRELL, KERNON and REDMAN, 

               GUILTY
            .






               Sentence respited on the three last prisoners, on an error in the indictment
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
