






476. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WATTS
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  LEMON 
                  BARBER
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of April
 last, one hat brush, value 8 d. three pocket brushes, value 1 s. three mahogany clothes brushes, value 2 s. and one shew glass with a lock, value twenty shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bevan
                  




               
            .


                  WILIAM
                   BEVAN
               



             sworn.
I lost a shew glass and several brushes; it cost a guinea and an half; it was rather better than new; there were clothes brushes, hat brushes, and pocket brushes; it was in the dusk of the evening; I cannot say the number of brushes; they were all mahogany vaneered; I know nothing of the robbery; I did not miss them till after nine; the shew glass hung on two hooks.


                  WILLIAM
                   WATERS
               



             sworn.
I belong to Justice Hyde's office; I was in the office on Saturday night the 1st of April, and the officer of the parish brought this man in about nine; I saw the prisoner Barber put something underneath the bench, and I looked to see what he was doing, and I saw him put some brushes under the bench, and he had one in his hand; he said nothing how he came by them.
(The brushes produced, and the two large ones deposed to by a private mark, value 2 s. 2 d.)


                  JOHN
                   PATTEN
               



             sworn.
I belong to Justice Hyde's office; I was with the officers going to Drury-lane playhouse, and we apprehended the prisoner and another man as disorderly persons; going through Russel-court the other man escaped; carrying Watts across to Mr. Hyde's, I saw him drop a brush out of his pocket, then I put my hand into his pocket, and took another out.
(The first brush deposed to.)


                  JAMES
                   ADAMS
               



             sworn.
About half past eight o'clock, the 1st of April, going through Russell-court, I saw these men lurking about Mr. Bevans's shop, and they saw me go past, and knew me; and I took the two prisoners; I saw the man take the brushes from Barber.
Prisoner Barber. I was coming through Russell-court, and they took me to the Justice's, and said I had put something under a bench; they found some brushes under the bench.
PRISONER WATTS'S DEFENCE.
Going down Drury-lane, I saw a man going down a place, with a shew glass under his arm, and the glass broke; and these brushes dropped out of the shew glass, and I picked them up immediately, and put them into my pocket.
BOTH 


               GUILTY, 3 s.
            

Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILLES.
