





470. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     STEWART
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d day of May
 last, two sheets, value 5 s. twopillow-cases, value 2 s. two blankets, value 3 s. two flat irons, value 2 d. one cotton counterpane, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Davis
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  MARTHA
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I am a married woman; my husband's name is 
               
                  John
                   Davis
               



            ; I live in Broad-street, Bloomsbury


; my husband made a contract with the prisoner, and let her a lodging for five shillings a week; these things were part of the furniture so let; she came in about two months ago; she left the lodgings more than a week; the door was broke open, and I missed the things in the indictment; I met the prisoner with a bag in her hand; I took hold of her, and said, you are the person I was looking for; she said to me, do not murder me; I immediately charged the patrol with her, and she was fully committed, but she would not tell where the curtains were, till after I saw all the other things.


                  JOHN
                   TYLER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawn-broker in West-street, Seven Dials; I know the prisoner; I took these things at different times; I asked her in a very particular manner if they belonged to her; she said; they did; (repeats all the things but the two curtains) she told me, she lived in Lombard-court; she pawned them in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Stewart
               



            ; she offered me a pair of curtains, but I would not take them in.
(The things deposed to except the blankets.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The prosecutrix gave me the liberty of pledging any thing that I would, provided I would leave it there when I went away; I suppose in the two houses that she has in St. Andrew's-street, there is not one that has got a pair of sheets; she keeps a pawn-broker's shop herself, and takes in the things herself; the things were pledged to pay her the rent.
Court. With respect to these things in question, you meant to return them?
Prisoner. Yes, I did indeed, Sir.
Prosecutrix. It is false.
Jury to Mrs. Davis. Did you ever give her leave to pledge the things? - No, upon my oath, I never did; nor any other lodger; I keep a pawn-broker's shop, and have done these nine years.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
