






750. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th of October
 last, four live pigs, price 6 l.
             the goods and chattles of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Boys
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   BOYS
               



             sworn.
I live at Hendon


, last Saturday I lost four pigs, I had not seen them for two or three days before, I have a lad here in court that knows more of them than I do, I sent after them on Sunday, and on Monday morning when I came to Smithfield early, I was told a man was stopped with four pigs, it being market-day I could not leave my business, but the next day I went to Justice Blackborough's, and looked at the hogs, and the man was committed, the hogs were mine, I have but two of one sort and eight of another, they took three of the large ones, and one of the little ones, I know them perfectly well, one of them was a white one, and did very indifferent; there is no mark on them, but I am very positive to them, one was quite white, and the other three were black and white.
May not one hog be like another? - Yes, one man may be like another, but I am clear to the hogs as to my own brother.
Should you know them among a number of others if they were mixed? - If they mixed an hundred hogs together that had no marks, it would be very difficult, but I am very positive I could pick out two of them.


                  WILLIAM
                   PLATT
               



            .
Court. Do you know the nature of an oath, or what will be the consequence if you speak falsly? - No.
What will happen to you if you tell a lie upon your oath? - I do not know.
Court. He cannot be examined.


                  SUSANNAH
                   HALEY
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner twice on the premises on the day that the pigs were lost, in the fore part of the day, and between two and three in the afternoon, he went by my house twice.
Court. Where does the prisoner live? - I do not know.
Prosecutor. He is quite a stranger in our neighbourhood.
Haley. I halloo'd after him, and asked him if he were not lost in that lane, and he said no.
Is it any publick road? - No.


                  JOHN
                   DINMORE
               



             sworn.
A little after seven on Saturday last, in consequence of an information, I went to one Minshaw's, he went in first, and I followed him, there were the pigs and the prisoner; I then asked him, says I, here are four fine pigs, he said yes, I said whose are they? he said mine, I said where did you bring them from? he said from High Wycomb, Bucks, I then told him that I had a strong suspicion that the pigs were stolen and he must go with me, I took him into the yard, and told him I must tie him, he then said they are not my pigs, but I was hired to drive them for another; I asked him if he knew the man that gave them to him, he said no, I asked him in what part of the town the man gave them to him, he said he could not tell, I said, if a man gave you the pigs to drive, you must be a very great rogue to bring them to the horse-flesh house.
Court. Was you there when Mr. Boys came to look at the pigs? - Yes.
Did he know them directly? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   MINSHAW
               



             sworn.
I keep a horse-flesh shop; last Saturday night about seven my man came to the gate, and said there was a man wanted to speak with me, it was the prisoner, he had four pigs, it was very dark, I said did you want me, he said I have four good pigs, will you buy them, I said I do not know, I must look at them, I asked him what he would have for them, he said that did not signify, if I would kill them and send them to market, we would share them between us. I said well, we must have a drop of beer first, and we had a pot of beer, and when I had sat a minute, I said, now I will go and get my man to light the copper fire, I went out to seek for Dinmore, and at last I found him.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I met with a man coming from Hendon, and he told me he would give me eighteen-pence to drive these hogs, I live along with Mr. Richardson in Gray's-inn-lane.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
