





289. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     INWOOD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th day of March
 last, two calico shirts, value 3 s. three neckcloths, value 6 d. two pair of stockings, value 1 s. two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. and a variety of other things
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Raymond
                  




               
            , Esq
.
(The Case opened by Mr. Silvester.)


                  JAMES
                   KELLY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Raymond
               



            , he lives in Bedford-square


; on the 7th of March, I was laying the cloth in the parlor, I looked through the front window, and saw the prisoner going up the area steps, with a bundle of clothes under his arm; I saw he went the contrary way to where the washerwoman lived; these things were packed up for the washerwoman; he went Gower-street way; I came down stairs, and met the cook, and asked her, if the washerwoman had taken away the clothes? she said, she could not say; I went up the area steps to see which way he went; he turned out of Gower-street into the fields; the maid, who is here, told me, to follow him, that she believed he did not belong to the washing;I followed him; I took him at the back of the Duke of Bedford's house; I asked him how he came by the clothes? he said something, I cannot tell what; he let the clothes drop, and endeavoured to make away; I laid hold of him; he said, he was a man out of business, and had a wife and family, and begged I would let him go; I told him, I would not by any means; he endeavoured to get away, but I brought him and the clothes back to Mr. Raymond's house, and he was put into custody.
Court. How long might it be from the time of your first seeing him go up the area steps, to the time of your seizing him? - I came down stairs from the parlor and met the cook; the cook went to the woman; I followed immediately; I cannot say how long that took up.
Are you positively sure he is the same man that you overtook in the fields with the linen? - I took notice of him.
Do you undertake to swear that he is the same man? - I am very sure he is the very same man that I took with the clothes, and brought back to my master's house; he came with me very easily.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
I took him into custody; he behaved very civil and quiet.
- SIMCOCK sworn.
I am house-maid in this family; (deposes to the things;) I looked all the things out.
Are they worth half a crown? - Yes.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along Bedfore-square, in the afternoon, going to seek for work, and the area gate was open, and a woman called me down and asked me to do a job, and said, she would give me six-pence to carry that bundle to Devonshire-street, Queen-street; I followed her, and he came and took me; I told him that woman before me, offered me sixpence and a pint of beer to carry it; the woman ran on when he took me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
