





178. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROBERTS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th day of February
, sixteen pair of random cotton stockings, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Dewicke
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  ANN
                   DEWICKE
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  Edward
                   Dewicke
               



            , No. 77, Old Gravel-lane


; on Tuesday the 6th of February the things were missed; I only speak to the property.


                  MARY
                   BRADLEY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the prosecutor; on Tuesday the 6th of February, between four and five the prisoner came into the shop and asked which was No. 18; I told him I could not tell; nobody else was in the shop; he went out and came in again; he said nothing but put his left hand into the window and took out one row of stockings; he put them into his right hand, and took another with his left hand; there were eight pair in a row; they were random cotton; he ran out, and I ran after him crying stop thief; he was not three minutes in the shop together; I never saw him before, but I am sure he is the same; I saw him run out with them in his hand; he was taken in five minutes; but I lost sight of him: Mr. Reynolds brought them back; the things were taken from him; they cost more than three pounds; they were new things.


                  JOHN
                   REYNOLDS
               



             sworn.
I am a mathematical instrument maker; I saw the prisoner running with the stockings under his arm; one upon another; I stopped him and asked where he got them; he said, he picked them up: he let them drop directly, and a little boy picked them up and delivered them to the maid, I heard the maid say the prisoner was the person.
(Produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I saw a boy in a white coat drop the stockings; he ran away, and I picked them up, and another baker's boy picked up some more.
To Bradley. Was it not that boy Herbert that took the things in the shop? - I am sure it was not; I am sure it was the prisoner.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
