





494. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS CHARLES 
                     ROGERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, twenty-eight yards of woollen stuff, called tammy, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hartley
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Giles
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   GILES
               



             sworn.
I am partner with 
               
                  John
                   Hartley
               



            , I lost a piece of tammy stuff, I did not miss it till the 23d of June, I saw it some days previous to the time; I dyed it; the prisoner acknowledged he had the seal off it, and thrown it down the necessary for fear of a discovery, he said it was the first time; he was not promised favour by me, but his mother said it would be better for him; it is the same colour and quality, and the piece makes out the number.


                  PHILIP
                   JOCELYN
               



             sworn.
I had been down to Wapping, and coming along Rag Fair, I saw the prisoner standing with another boy, he had that sack under his arm, I followed him up a court, and the prisoner pulled the piece out of the bag, and offered it for sale; I heard the word eighteen pence mentioned, I immediately stopt him, and charged him with an officer.
The piece produced and deposed to, value one guinea.
Prisoner. I hope you will be favourable; my father was scalded to death, and my mother is in the work-house, I have nobody to feed me.



               GUILTY
            .
My Lord; I beg to recommend him to mercy, he is an industrious lad, he has been with us half a year, and never lost an hour, but we are obliged to prosecute; we have forty men, and have missed things before; his mother is in the work-house, and his father was scalded to death in the dyer's copper.
Court. Do you think there is any chance of his getting any employment in this country? - I do not know.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
