





441. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WORCESTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of May
 last, a pair of plated knee buckles, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Arrow
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   ARROW
               



             sworn.
I lost a pair of plated shoe buckles on the 5th of May, I set my master down at the masquerade at one o'clock in the morning; he told me he should not want me for three hours; I knew not where to go better than to a public house to get me a pint of beer; accordingly I sat in a corner on the right-hand side against the wall, and my face towards the prisoner; I fell asleep, I observed the prisoner before I fell asleep; it is the same person; and when I awaked in about two hours, my breeches pocket was cut through on the left-hand side, and my buckles were gone; I had money on the other side, next the wall, which was not so convenient to the prisoner; when I found the buckles were gone, I asked a man that was there, if he saw any thing of my buckles? he said he saw this man stand by me, and he would go and shew me where he was; I went with him, and in about half an hour he shewed me the man, and I took him into custody; I found the buckles in the knees of his breeches; I valued them at two shillings, they have all the appearance of silver.


                  JOSEPH
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a watch-man, I saw this man in custody, I assisted to take him to the watch-house; I searched him, and found one buckle in each knee of his breeches.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am a porter, I got up between two and three o'clock in the morning, and I bought a pair of buckles of a man in Oxford-road; I gave him a shilling for the buckles and a pot of beer; I have no friends but what are out of town.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
