





484. 
               
                  
                     BAPTISTE 
                     LA ROCHE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 8th of June
 last, one gold chain bracelet, value 39 s.
             the goods and chattles of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Catley
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  JAMES
                   ALDUS
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of June about the middle of the day, this bracelet was brought to me by 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Roberts
               



             to be pawned, I stopped it, I asked her how she came by it, she said she had it of La Roche, and he was waiting in the street, I went into the street and I took him to Bow-street, I believe he is a hair-dresser
, I have known him before, he said he bought it at Manchester, he acknowledged he sent it in by Roberts, and that it was his own property, this is the same bracelet.


                  ANN
                   CATLEY
               



             sworn.
This is my bracelet, there is no particular mark but the carving, I had the fellow of it, it was a present made to me, it was rolled on a card that was cut in a particular manner that makes me know it, I believe it was the four of diamonds, I have no doubt of it, it was upon this cardon the mantle-piece in my dressing-room, I lost it on Sunday morning, the prisoner dressed my hair that morning the 8th of June.
Prisoner's Council to Aldus. Do you know Roberts at all? - Yes, two or three years.
What is she? - She is a servant to a girl of the town.
You do not give her the best of characters? - I never heard any thing against her character.
You have seen a good deal of this gold chain work? - I never saw one like that.

What is there particular in the make of this? - It is very small, they are generally larger.
Have you had the custody of it ever since? - I have; it has never been out of my custody since.
Prisoner's Council to Miss. Catley. You know this to be the card you say, why you have not the fellow of it? - I have not the fellow to it now, I had it some time, but I believe in want the same way that is gone, but that is not to the purpose now; I suppose you could not match it in England; I have sworn to it already in two places before I had the honour of coming here, I had five guineas sent from him, not to appear against him.
Whether you was not going to take the prisoner as a servant in your family a few days before? - I was.
You have known him for twelve years? - Yes.
During that time you entertained that opinion of him, that you would have taken him for a servant? - Certainly Sir, I always took him to have been honest; the only fault I never found against him, was his drinking; I never could keep him sober, but for all that, that is my chain.
You told us this was a present to you? - Yes, Sir.
Has no other person any concern in it? - No, Sir, I am not a married woman.
Have you ever been married? - Never, nor never intend it, I never shall; but I suppose I am not obliged to swear that Sir, am I; if the court say, I shall answer it.
Court. I will explain to you how far it is material, the prisoner was indicted for stealing this property as belonging to you as a single woman, therefore, in point of law, if you are married, he must be acquitted? - I am not, nor I never was, nor I never shall.
Court. We do not understand you as having sworn to the latter part, only as to what has passed, but not as to future.


                  ELIZABETH
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
What was it you pawned with Mr. Aldus? - I do not know what it was, it was on a card, I should not know it again, it was on a Monday, I never carried any thing but once; Mr. La Roche asked me in Chapple-street, to go to a pawnbroker's, I told him yes, he bid me go to the pawnbroker's and bring him a guinea and a ticket, for he must have it out to-morrow; I asked him no questions, and he told me nothing; I should like to see the chain; I have been there too often for my interest; I have carried things several times since then, I believe it is seven weeks ago, I never carried any thing upon a card before to the best of my knowledge; I believe that is the man that desired me to carry it.
Did you ever carry any thing of this kind, whether gold or not rolled upon a card, to Mr. Aldus's but once? - No, Sir, never but once.
Then who did you get that thing from? - From a man they called Le Roche.
How long have you known him? - I have known him a great while to have been a hair-dresser.
That is the man is it not? - I believe so.
Have you any doubt of it? - I believe it is the man, he has not the same cloaths on; if I could swear to the man, I could not swear to the chain; Mr. Aldus said, it was what they put round gentlemen's waistcoats.
Have you any doubt whether that is the man? - I believe it is.
Have you any doubt but that is the man? - I believe he is.
Are not you sure? - I would not be sure, he had a brown coat on.
Then you only know him by his coat, upon your oath is that the man or not, go look at him? - I am sure it is the same.
Was not the man you shewed to Aldus in the street, the man you got it from? - I did not shew him to Aldus; I asked him for a guinea and a ticket, he said, whose was it, I said, I will not tell you, I said, it is La Roche's, he went out and found him at the publick house, I did not go with him.
(The chain shewn her.)
This looks like it.

The Prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
