





212. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CAVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of December
 last, one cotton gown, value 15 s. a cotton petticoat, value 6 s. two black stuff petticoats, value 8 s. two black silk cloaks, value 10 s. a cloth cloak, value 10 s. a stuff gown, value 8 s. a cotton handkerchief, value 2 s. four pair of silver shoe buckles, value 40 s. a silver watch, value 30 s. another silver watch, value 30 s. another silver watch, value 30 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Burridge
                        




                     
                   in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN
                   BURRIDGE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker
 in Holywell-street, Shoreditch


; I was alarmed on the 27th of December by fire when I was in bed; one Mr. Orange and Ann Kainsley gave the alarm, Mr. Orange bade me go up to the top of the house, for the lower part of my house was in flames; when I came out of my room I found the smoke coming out very fast, and I took my wife with me in her shirt, and went over the leads and got through a neighbour's house and came down, and Mrs. Kainsley and Mr. 
               
                  George
                   Orange
               



             brought two bundles to me.
Court. Who is the prisoner? - My apprentice
.
How long has she lived with you? - Two years.
What age is she? - Only thirteen.
Court. Have you any idea from any circumstance within your own knowledge, from any appearance of the state of the house afterwards, could you trace where it began? - In the passage leading to the shop, by the side of the boxes; it seemed to me as if she had done it designedly.
Court. That we must judge from circumstances; we cannot indulge suspicions any farther than they are founded on circumstances? - The shop was all on fire.
How was it extinguished? - By flinging water upon it and knocking the Chinese work down.
How far had it spread? - Only the side of the boxes and the flooring of the shop that leads to the passage, it was in the shop.
Have you any place below stairs? - None at all, the fire must have begun in the shop.
Is there any fireplace in the shop? - None at all.
How is your shop lighted at night, by lamps or candles? - Candles.
What time had you gone to bed? - About half after ten; the alarm was past one.
Who was the last up in the family? - I went to bed and left her up.
Whose business is it to put out the lights in the shop? - The boy and girl put them out.
What boy had you in the house? - A little boy.
Were you out that evening? - I had not been out that day.
Had you been in the shop after the lights were put out? - No.
Are any of the candles fixed up against these boxes that were burnt? - No, my Lord, none at all.
Do you lock your shop door at night? - Yes.
Who keeps the key? - I leave it in the door for fear it should be picked.


                  GEORGE
                   BAKER
               



            .
How old are you? - Just turned of twelve.
Do you know the nature of an oath? - No.
You take an oath to speak the truth; do you know what will be the consequence if you do not? - Go to hell.
Do you know you are liable to be punished by the laws of your country if you speak untrue? - Yes.


                  GEORGE
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
Mr. 
               
                  Scott
                   Council
               



             for the Prosecution. In the first place you must not be frightened; you are come here to speak the truth, therefore be very careful to speak nothing but the truth. - Yes.
Do you recollect, on the night that the fire happened at your master's house, being up after your master was gone to bed? - No.
What time did you go to bed? - When he went up stairs.
Do you recollect desiring Cave to go to bed? - Yes.
What answer did she make you? - She said she would not.
Did she usually sit up after you went to bed? - I do not know.
What was she about? - She was going down stairs into the kitchen.
Did you see her after she went down stairs? - No.
When did you see her again? - When she awaked me with notice of fire.
When she came to you was she completely dressed? - Yes.
Do you lay in the shop? - Yes.
Was she frightened at the fire? - No.
Was she perfectly tranquil and as she usually is? - Yes.
Did she come to you to call you up? - Yes.
What did she tell you? - Says she, George, here is a fire, quite softly.
What did she whisper it to you? - No.
Did you see her go out of the house? - Yes.

What had she when she went out of the house? - A white and a long cloak and a bonnet, and the ticket was on the bonnet, and two bundles.
Had she time to pack these things up after she gave you notice of the fire? - She had no time.
How long was it after she called you up and told you there was a fire, before she went out? - When the fire was almost extinguished.
Court. Then it was some time after? - Yes.
Then why do you think she had not time to pack up those things that were in the bundle? - Yes, she had time to bundle them up while I was in sleep.
Attend to the question and understand it, she awaked you and told you there was a fire, then you got up, how long was it after she awaked you that she went out of the house immediately after.
Are you sure? - Yes.
Who opened the door? - I opened the door.
Did you stop to dress yourself? - No, I ran out naked, and she went out with me.
You did not see which way she went, did you? - No.
Had you time to give notice to your master and mistress that the house was on fire? - I helped to call them up with the other people.
That was after you went out? - Yes.


                  ANN
                   KAINSLEY
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Scott.
You live, I believe, in the neighbourhood of Mr. Burridge? - Yes.
You know the house very well? - Yes.
Do you recollect coming home on the 27th pretty early in the morning, in company with one 
               
                  George
                   Orange
               



            ? - Yes.
Relate what you saw? - As I came by, I thought I smelt a smell of linen burning, I said, sure there is a fire, we past on, and came to Mr. Burridge's door, and there is a large window over the door, and I thought it was a very great to be over his door at that time, it was half past one o'clock; went as far as the corner of Holywell Lane I thought if it was a fire the people would be burnt, I returned and saw the door open, and the little boy come out in a white shirt, and the prisoner at the bar followed him with a white cloak, and a bonnet, and two bundles; I saw a girl go to Mr. Burridge's window, and put the two bundles down, says I, you hussy, what do you do with these two bundles, she said, she brought them out because they should not be burnt; by this time the people were pretty well alarmed, I took up the bundles, and they were as heavy as I could lift, and I desired this young man to leave them somewhere, I took the little boy up upon my hip and carried him in my fright and set him down in the middle of the road; we left the bundles in a house, the girl went in, I had not turned myself round, before she had got her cloak over them, and her hands upon the two bundles, I said, what do you want with them, saye she, to carry them to my master; the gentlemen lent the child a long coat and a pair of shoes, he sat down on the bundles, he got up, she was going to take them away again, she said, mistress, they are none of your property, I wish you would let me alone, I know what I am about; the gentleman said, let her take them out a little obstinate hussy, if she will, no, Sir, says I, I leave them in your custody, she took them and went to the corner of an alley, I went up to the girl, and the watchman came by and bid her put them down; we went and had a pint of purl, and then I went to Mr. Burridge's, and Orange with me, he was coming out with a candle, I told him my business, he sent his son over with me, and we brought the bundles, and he said they were his property, the bundles that were carried over to Burridge's were the same I took from the prisoner, one was tied up in a coloured apron, and the other in a coase apron.


                  GEORGE
                   ORANGE
               



             sworn.
We had been out a holiday making, and this young woman dropped in, and it was late before we broke up, and as we were coming home, we saw a light and smelt a smell of burning, I thought it might be somebody making tinder; I said to the young woman, what a smell of linen it is, as we went along, we looked over the door from one side of the way to the other; just as we got to Mrs. Burridge's house, we saw the light over the door; we went almost facing Holywell Lane, the young woman would turn back, and I went with her, we saw the door open, and a little boy coming out in his shirt, the light was so strong to be seen on the houses over the way, and I saw the prisoner coming out after the little boy with two bundles, she was compleatly dressed, she had a white cloak, and a bonnet with a pawnbroker's ticket upon it, after alarming the houses on each side, 
               
                  Ann
                   Kainsley
               



             handed me the bundles, and I was going over the way to lodge them, and the girl was following me all the time, and said, they were her property, she knew what she was about, I said, she should not have them till the fire was put out, I went over to assist at the fire, and when I returned, I found the girl had got one of the bundles out of the house, she had one of them in her cloak coming out, I asked what she was going to do with the bundle, she said, it was her property; then the watchman came up and said, he would take her to the Compter, if she did not put down the bundle, then she put it down.
Court. What did you do with the bundles? - After the fire was extinguished we went to get a pint of purl, after running about in the wet, and it being a very severe night; and we went over to Mr. Burridge's, and he sent his servant over for the bundles; they were the same bundles.
Where did the fire appear to have begun? - In the box where they go into the back door, round the side of the shop where the linen was; the floor was burnt; I did not go down into the kitchen.


                  WILLIAM
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I live in the George and Catherine-wheel Yard, in Bishopsgate Street.
Do you remember the prisoner at the bar coming to your house at any time in the night? - Yes, the 27th, about a quarter after three.
You was in bed I suppose? - I went to bed about nine, she knocked at the door as hard as ever she could, I went and asked who was there, says she, for God's sake let me in, I am almost froze to death, my master's house is all burnt down; says I where does your master live; I knew the girl, but had not seen her for two years and better; she followed me up stairs and took hold of my coat; I struck a light, and saw a little handkerchief in her hand; I said what have you got there; says she it is some of my master's property, and you will take care of it; I said what is there in the handkerchief, I saw one watch at the corner of a buckle; I left the handkerchief on the table, and ordered my wife to take care of it, and not let the girl go out of the house; I said I will see whether the house is burnt down, and I went out to see whether there was a fire; I knocked at the door several times, and somebody made answer within, the fire is all out, let nobody in but friends and neighbours; I locked my door and took the key with me; when I went down, I heard this young woman say, you can see whether she has been in bed or no, and somebody went down stairs; I went back again and taxed the girl about it, and she cried and would not speak; I told her I believed she was a very bad girl, and my wife made her strip herself stark naked; she had a white cloak and a white apron, and a bonnet with a ticket on it, and under that white apron there was a black apron that she worked in; so they stripped her, and put a sheet round her, and she lay for two hours; I afterwards brought her down to her master's bringing her down about two hundred yards, pray says she, Mr. Baker, for God's sake do not take these things home to my mistress, for she will kill me, but either them or make away with them.
Court. What was in the handkerchief? - I do not know at that time; she then cried out, oh, Mrs. Spriggs has ruined me; what, says I, she has been persuading you to do this I suppose; aye, says she, she has these six months past; going along I asked her concerning this Mrs. Spriggs; she told me the first thing she had Mrs. Spriggs before this time was childrens caps, and after that she said she could never get shut of her, for if she did not give her something else she would tell her mistress; she said she gave her oranges, and what they call lollipops I believe, something which the Jews sell. This Mrs. Spriggs is known by the name of 
               
                  Hannah
                   Young
               



            ; I believe she lives with Spriggs. I delivered the handkerchief to Mr. Burridge.
The handkerchief deposed to.
Court. Is that the handkerchief you received from 
               
                  William
                   Baker
               



            ? - Yes.
Burridge. This handkerchief contains buckles which were in my own bed room, and three silver watches which were in my glass-case, they are mine, I am quite sure of them.
Court. What may be the value of them? - They all together are worth six or eight pounds.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Them watches were in my master's window, and I took them out because they should not be burnt; my mistress often flogged me; and if it had not been for my master my mistress would have been transported. My mistress made me steal six ducks, and she burnt the ducks in the fire afterwards, and fowls and a young pig she made me steal. My mistress has made me steal money from my master.
Court to Prosecutor. Where did you get this girl from? - From Shoreditch; these watches are all from my own room.
Jury. Did you miss these watches before the fire or after the fire? - Not till I went up stairs.
Court to Jury. Gentlemen, there is a provision in the act, that nothing in that act shall extend apprentices under fifteen years that should their masters, so that the charge is reduced to grand larceny only.
Jury to Kainsley. Had she been in bed that night? - The bed did not appear as if she had been in it.




               GUILTY. Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            

When the Prisoner was brought up to receive sentence, Mr. Recorder addressed her as follows:


                  Mary
                   Cave
               



            , The circumstances of your case are such, that the Court cannot pronounce sentence upon you, without taking some notice of them. Young as you are, you appear to have arrived to a degree of wickedness, that renders you an unworthy member of society, and likely to become very dangerous to it; and notwithstanding your tender years, if you had been capitally convicted, it is hardly probable that your Sovereign would have thought fit to have extended his mercy to you; you were not only guilty of robbing your master and mistress from time to time, aggravated as that crime always is by breach of trust, but of the much more heinous crime of setting fire to their house, and endeavouring not only by that to destroy their property, but their lives. There appears therefore to be no hopes of your ever making a safe or useful member of society, at least in this country, the laws of which you have attrociously violated; but not having been convicted of a capital offence, the Court can only sentence you to be 


               transported to America for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
