





300. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DORREN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of January
 last, one pair of linen sheets, value 14 s. and one pair of linen pillow cases, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Lansden
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  ELIZABETH
                   LANSDEN
               



             sworn.
I lost a pair of sheets and a pair of pillow cases on the 20th of January, in Cannon-street


, the prisoner came behind me and pulled the end of my bundle, and could not get it away, and I turned round to see who it was, and he wrenched it away with all his strength, and run away up Nicholas-lane; I saw him by the light of the window when he took the bundle from me; I never saw him before; he was immediately apprehended; I ran after him as fast as possible, and he was taken about a hundred yards off; I cannot exactly say, he was never out of my sight; just as he was taken, he dropped the bundle, I did not see him drop it; nothing was found upon him.
Prisoner. I was taken at one end of the street that the woman speaks of, and I was carried to her, I never saw her before.


                  HENRY
                   GEORGE
               



             sworn.
I was standing at my master's door; I saw the prisoner run by me with a bundle under his arm, wrapped up in a white sheet, I pushed him up against a cart wheel.
What became of the bundle which he had? - I did not see him drop it.
Are you sure the person that was taken was the same person that run by you with that bundle under his arm? - Yes.



                  JOHN
                   FANNER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I only produce the pro-property, I received these things from the prosecutrix at the Compter, the day after he was taken.
(The things disposed to by the Prosecutrix.)
Prosecutrix. I picked the things up where the prisoner dropped them in Nicholas-lane.
Court. Why did you keep them in your custody till the next day? - There was no constable to be got that night, and I was ordered to bring the bundle back the next day.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
