





439. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PHAROO, alias 
BARNARD PHAROO




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of December
 last, six linen shirts, value 30 s. eight pair of cotton stockings, value 16 s. one handkerchief value 1 s. four neckcloths, value 4 s. one purse, value 6 d. one bible, value 2 s. one penknife, value 2 d. four guineas, value 4 l. 4 s. two half guineas, value 1 l. 1 s. and one hundred and ninety-two copper halfpence, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bell
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Edward
                         Day
                     



.


                  JAMES
                   BELL
               



             sworn.
I lodge in Mr. Day's house, on the 26th of December last I went to work about one in the afternoon, I left my room door unlocked, Mr. and Mrs. Day and the prisoner were at home, he lodged in the same house, I left nobody in my room, but the door was unlocked, I came home at seven o'clock, I did not miss any till I went up stairs, which was at ten o'clock, the prisoner was not at home, then I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, when I went up stairs I found the cords of my box cut open, it was not locked only corded, I saw them in the box that morning.
How came you to cord the box? - To keep it fast.
What had you opened it for? - To take out a pair of stockings, I saw all the things safe then, I suspected the prisoner by his not returning any more to his lodgings, I searched after him, and found him on the 5th of May, I took him myself, I found some of the things on him when he was taken, one neckcloth and a knife, and a duplicate where he had pawned a pair of stockings and a neckcloth.
What did he say for himself when he was taken up, and these things were found upon him? - I took him in Holborn, he said he did not know me, I told him he had robbed me, with that he struck at me and ran off, I followed him and took hold of him again.
What did he say when you took him the second time? - He struck at me again and walked along, and would not be taken by me, I walked along with him, he went into a public house and I called for a pint of beer, he ran out again, then he threw me down in the street, I got up and ran after him, the mob gathered, and I told them he had robbed me, I took him to Justice Hyde's, when we were almost there, he said he would go down to Hammersmith, he went into the necessary, and we found he had thrown a bag down there.
How came you to look for the bag? - The Justice asked me if ever he had been out of my sight when I took him, I said never, but when he was in the necessary.
What was in the bag? - A bible with my brother's name in it, that was the bible which I lost, I never found any of the other things, he never told where they were, nor made any confession; I went with the duplicate and found the neckcloth and stockings at one Mr. Davison's in Bishopsgate-street.
Court. The neckcloth that you found upon him was that yours? - Yes.
Was there any mark on it? - Yes.
Is it in court? - Yes.
In whose possession has it been ever since? - In the constable's.
Was there any thing particular in the penknife? - Yes, there was a bit broke out of the handle, I have no doubt but it was mine.


                  EDWARD
                   DAY
               



             sworn.
Court. When the prosecutor went out, you and Mrs. Day, and the prisoner were at home? - Yes, the major part of the afternoon he spent in my company, about six or seven he left me, he had been at work for his master, as he had for a fortnight before, and he found himself ill; his master came in and asked him to go and begin a pair of breeches to be done against Friday, for a Jew wanted them; he said, he was not very well, but he would rise early in the morning, the master sat down and drank three pints of beer, and I advised him to take something warm and comfortable, and go to bed; he said, something troubles my mind, and I am not easy, he went out, I sent the lad after him, I sent him to search the privy, he said, he was not there, I went out myself, and no man was to be found.
Had he been up stairs after the prosecutor went out? - He had been up stairs in the afternoon to lay on his bed, as he said.
Court. You never saw him after till the Monday of May? - No.
Court. Is the pawnbroker here? - No, he has given up the things by a summon from Litchfield-street, the Justice said, it was not material.
Were you there when this neckcloth and stockings were got from the pawnbroker's? - They produced them upon the duplicate that Bell carried with him.
(The things deposed to.)
Prisoner. Do you remember a stain in one of the neckcloths, for I bought it in Cambridge from one 
               
                  Richard
                   Brown
               



            , I had only worn it one day.
Prosecutor. Not while it was in my possession.
Court. Is 
               
                  Richard
                   Brown
               



             here now? - No, Sir, I bought it of him, and I said, it is stained a little, I had no thought it was Mr. Bell's mark, I gave him eightteen-pence for it, I had the duplicate of him, he gave me directions, and I took little care of it, and I lost it, I have worked at Cambridge several years, I have no friends or relations in London, and two letters I sent, I believe was never carried.
Day. These things and the money was the property of a brother that was unfortunately drowned.
GUILTY.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
