





37. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CASH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st day of October
 last, one piece of woollen cloth, containing 30 yards, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Matthews
                  




               
            .


                  PETER
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
I live in Whitecross-street, I am a dyer
; I lost a piece of woollen cloth on the 31st day of October; it was lost out of my cart.


                  JOHN
                   BATEMAN
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to the prosecutor; I was in Gracechurch-street


, delivering some goods out of the cart, facing Mr. Anderson's house; 
               
                  David
                   Richardson
               



            , my fellow-servant, called to me and told me a man had taken a piece of cloth out of the cart; I followed him and took him; he had nothing upon him; have never found it again; I examined the cart, and found a piece of cloth, about 30 yards in length, was missing.


                  DAVID
                   RICHARDSON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Matthews; my fellow-servant and I were with the cart; I gave five pieces to Bateman to carry to Mr. Anderson's; I then had three pieces left in the cart, and set myself down in the cart, and saw the prisoner take one piece away.
Did you see the man come up to the cart? - I did not; he made a second attempt, I clapped my hand upon it, and then he saw me and slipped under the horse's head.
Did you see what he did with the piece? - No, I did not, nor did I see anybody near him.
Now you saw the man come again; what did he do? - He came round by the horse's head upon the pavement, and I challenged him; he said he had never touched a piece, and walked away; I called my fellow servant, who pursued him and took him.
Mr. Sheridan, prisoner's counsel. Was it a covered cart or an open cart? - It was an open cart.
Was you watching the pieces in the cart? - I was: when he attempted to take the second piece, I called to my fellow-servant.
Did you lose sight of him? - I did not.
Court to Mr. Matthews. Did you see the cart that day? - I did.
Do you know whether any cloth was lost that day? - There was one piece lost.
Was the cart book at home that day? -It was; when I looked it over, there was one piece lost, which appeared by the book, it was all signed by the parties who received the goods, except the piece that was lost.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. ROSE.
