





865. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PROBERT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th day of September
 last, twelve pair of shoe buckles, value 6 s. and four pair of stuff shoes, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Simkins
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   SIMKINS
               



             sworn.
I am a shoemaker
, in little Warner-street, Coldbath-fields


, I lost sixteen pair of shoes, the 14th of September, from my shop, which was broke open in the night; it was safe at nine o'clock, the top part of the door was broke open, and my shoes gone; I found nine pair of them on Thursday afternoon, they were stopped in Field-lane; I know the prisoner by sight, he lived in the same street, he rented a lower apartment, he is a child's pump maker.
ISRAEL LEVY sworn.
I was walking along, crying clothes, and I bought five pair of shoes of the prisoner, on Thursday last, between two and three, I gave 3 s. for the whole, they were very bad shoes, one pair was all bad in the upper leather.
(Deposed to.)


                  SIMON
                   MARK
               



             sworn.
I bought four pair of stuff shoes of the prisoner last Thursday between three and four, for four shillings and six-pence.
(Deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am a shoemaker by trade, and getting up in the morning, I went to a leather-cutters, and I saw a man offer to sell these shoes to a Jew; I had a trifle of money in my pocket; the Jew and he could not agree, and I bought them of him; I sold them out in the street, and never went within doors to sell them; I bought them at seven on Thursday morning; all my friends are at Kingston upon Thames.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
