





208. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TENHELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of January
, twenty-five pounds weight of black pepper, value 40 s. seven pounds weight of pimento, value 7 s. and one loaf of sugar, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Sutton and Co.









                  WILLIAM
                   ELLIS
               



             sworn.
I live with Sutton and Co. in Trinity-lane; I do not know the prisoner; two parcels were found on him; twenty-five pounds of black pepper, and seven pounds of pimento, the property of the wharfingers; this pepper was taken out of a hogshead; I know my own hand writing; I marked it the 2d of January.


                  MATHEW
                   NEWTON
               



             sworn.
I was watchman in Love-lane, facing Darkhouse-lane, and about twenty minutes before eleven o'clock, on the 8th of January, I saw the prisoner and another coming along; the boy that was with him had a load of sugar, and he had a handkerchief with pepper and other things; I took them to the watch-house; I heard after that the wharf was broke open, and desired they might be kept, but they let the boy go to look for the captain.


                  JOHN
                   MAYERS
               



             sworn.
These goods were delivered into my charge to pack in this hogshead; I belong to Sutton, Basire, and Haddon; this hogshead had been broke open at Somer's key


, and the wharfinger's clerk came up to our house and begged we would send down a man; so I took an inventory of the goods I had packed, out of my master's book; I went down to the wharf and found these goods missing, which have been found on the prisoner; I headed up the hogshead, and all the goods were secure.


                  THOMAS
                   HEAVEN
               



             sworn.
I belong to Somers-key adjoining to Billingsgate, on the 3d of January we received in good condition a hogshead marked E. W. of Diss. and last Friday morning when I came down, I found the warehouse door broke open, the lock and the staple were broke off, and some part of the hogshead's head was broke off.


                  JOSEPH
                   WEEDON
               



             sworn.
I produce some things in baskets (produced) I saw the prisoner with these things in his possession, (The pimento sworn to.) the pepper is broke at present.
Prisoner. A young man asked me to carry them.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
