






439. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WILLAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 10th of May
, one canvas bag, value one penny, two guineas, ten half-guineas, one crown piece, five half-crowns, and eight shillings and sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Stephen 
                        Bolton
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .
(The witnesses examined apart.)


                  STEPHEN
                   BOLTON
               



             sworn.
I went into the stable to lay down to sleep by my horses, and there was the prisoner concealed under a truss of straw, he said, halloo; I knew the prisoner before, he was horse-keeper
 to my master; when I waked, I had no money in my pocket; my money was in my breeches-pocket when I laid down, in a canvas bag; I looked to see for the prisoner when I missed my money, and he was gone, I went and enquired for the man, I never found my bag again; the prisoner said he had beaved it away in Milk-street; he was taken the same night, on the 10th of May, in Chick-lane, when he was taken I charged him with it; he said he had only five penny worth of halfpence about him; and denied having my money; we brought him to the watch-house on Snow-hill, and there the constable examined him and found this money in his breeches pocket, he found 4 l. 10 s. there was a new guinea, a new half-guinea, and a crown piece which my master gave me a short time before, which I had scratched two or three times over the head, and there were two guineas, two half-guineas, a crown piece, 8 s. and 6 d. in silver, and a bad shilling; I had marked the crown piece which my master gave me for a pocket piece, because I would not part from it; a man offered me 5 s. and 6 d. for it, several persuaded me to have my name engraved in it; I said I would, so I took and scratched it three times athwart the head.
Court. Are you sure that the crown that was found in his pocket was yours? - Yes, the prisoner owned it.
Were any promises made to him to induce him so to do? - No, Sir; there was nothing said, he said he looked upon it to be my property.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel. You said that he looked upon it to be your property, that was what he said? - Yes.
Did not he say at the same time that he had found it in the yard? - Yes, not in the yard, he said he found it laying down by me.
Why do you not tell us all that he said? - Tell it all!
Mr. Garrow. When the judge asked you just now whether any thing was said; you said, why no, nothing was said to induce him: was not it said that he had better tell the whole story, and no harm should come to him, and that he should not be hurt? - No, Sir, there was nothing said of that sort, there is no harm come of it.
He told you he found the bag in the stable, and looked upon it to be your property? - Yes, when I first came home he was in the tap-room, he appeared to me to be sober enough.
Was he sober when you went and took him? - As sober as I am now, and I am sure I am not drunk.
Was the stable door open the whole time you was there? - The stable door was open, it was not dark.
Jury. When did the man own he had thrown the bag away in Milk-street? - After he was taken.
Court. Where is the stable? - The Three Cups in Bread-street.
Mr. Garrow. How long have you known this man? - I cannot say how long, he did live at our house as horse-keeper.


                  SAMUEL
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
I went to take the prisoner, I searched him, and found this money in his right-hand breeches-pocket; I put it on the table, and Mr. Ashmore our ward beadle, immediately covered it with his hand; I then asked the prosecutor what pieces of money he had lost; he said a new guinea, a new half-guinea, a crown piece, andsome half-crowns; the prosecutor owned the crown piece, and said it was a present from his master; I asked the prisoner what he had done with the bag, and he said he threw it away in Milk-street.
(The money shewn to the court.)
Court. Where did you scratch this crown piece? - Athwart the neck.
How many marks on the neck, and how many off? - I cannot say, I cannot say whose quine it is; I cannot read or write, this is the very piece. (Shewn to the Jury.)
Roberts. The prisoner in the watch-house said it was the prosecutor's money, and that he had found it in the straw.
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my counsel.
Jury. When the prisoner was taken, and the money taken out of his pocket, did the prosecutor describe it? - Yes.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
