





243. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES LAWRENCE 
                     BAREW
                  , otherwise 
BARROW




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of December
 last, twelve chip hats, value 6 s. six other chip hats, value 10 s. and four yards of Persian silk, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Gedeliah 
                  Gatfield
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wilson
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   BAGE
               



             sworn.
Do you know the prisoner? - Yes.
Was you with him on the 6th of December? - Yes; I was at the White Horse in Covent Garden, the prisoner came and asked me to take a walk, we went down Southampton-street, and when we had got about fifty or sixty yards, he met with a boy; he said, here he is; what conversation passed between them, I do not know, but when we came to Northumberland House


, I saw the boy take the box from his head, and the prisoner look at the direction; he came to me, and said, I have got it out of the boy where it is going to, and you must say, he must go back; accordingly I did, he followed me at a distance, and I asked the boy, whether that box was not going to such a place; he said, yes, says I, you must put it down and go to your master for some more, the prisoner at the bar saw the boy put it down, and he took the box away from me, and he said, let us go to the public house; we went to one in Newgate-street, he said, here is too much company here, he took the box home to No. 8, in Cumberland-court, Drury-lane; there he cut the band that tied the box, and I saw there was twelve large hats and six small ones, I saw a bill of parcels among the hats, wherein it expressed, there were eighteen hats and four yards and three quarters of Persian; I said, what is become of the Persian? I judged he had secreted the Persian; two of the hats my wife gave away, and the rest I sent to Bow-street.
How near was he when the boy delivered the box to you? - About twenty yards, it was quite dark.
Prisoner's Council. So when you had persuaded this boy to part with the box, and put it down, he went away, and after that it was, that Barew came up? - Yes.
It was dark, you say? - It was.
In what situation are you at present? - What situation! I have a small matter to live on, thirty pounds a year.
How did you get at it? - I have it from a paper mill that my brother keeps.
Was that paper mill when you was in the army? - That is no rule.
How many regiments have you deserted from? - That is not what I came upon, that business I will not tell you.
Then you only acknowledge to have deserted from one regiment? - That is no rule, I am come here on facts.
How long ago was it that you made this desertion, will you tell me that? - No, I will not.

Are you a married man or single? - That is no rule, I am not a married man.
How came you to say you had a wife just now? - I suppose I have a companion the same as other people may have.
I suppose that is of a piece with all your other evidence. - I have no business to tell you.
The case is then that you have no wife; how long may you have been acquainted with Barew? - Too long; thirteen years.
And you met together at the public house this night? - Yes, we have met together twelve or thirteen years ago about business that has not been very reputable, and I have shifted my lodgings many times to get rid of him.
Well, now Sir, one question if you will resolve me, you will oblige me, merely to satisfy my curiosity; how came you to be struck with such compunction as to send to Bow-street? - I will not tell you.
Then I am to seek in vain for the principle of your compunction? - Yes.
That I took for granted when I first held conversation with you: what sort of night was this? - I cannot say what sort of night, whether it was a rainy, or a fair night.
What conversation did you hold with this little boy? - Only just took the box, and I told him to put it down, and to go back again, and make all the haste he could, the boy pitched the box down and set off about his business, then when the prisoner saw the boy set the box down, he came up; whether the boy saw him or not, I do not know.
Court. There was something about these hats being sent to Bow-street, you must tell me about that, though you would not tell that gentleman; how came you to send them to Bow-street? - I was taken into custody, not for this charge, upon that I told them I wanted to be rid of the acquaintance, and this was the only way I could discharge it.
So your dislike to your acquaintance commenced upon your being taken into custody then? - No, it was not upon that, it was upon something else, it was about the desertion that has been mentioned.
Prisoner's Council. So you amuse yourself now and then with stealing hats? - I could not help it, I happened into this company at first.
You seem an older man than the prisoner, did the young man lead the old one astray, or the old one the young? - I do not know, I believe his character is pretty well known.


                  JOHN
                   NICHOLAS WALTER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Wilson
               



             and Gedeliah Gatfield; I was sent with a parcel, and pasling near Hungerford-street, I was accosted by a man, who asked me, if my name was not Billy Cox; I think he is most like the prisoner at the bar; the box was directed to Mr. Cuthbert at Hadley, we crossed the way together, he wished me a good night, and I saw no more of him: when I came to the Crown in Princes-street, I saw another man, and he said, had not I got a box directed so and so; and I said, I had, and he bad me put it down, that is most like this person Bage.
Did you see any body near when you delivered it? - I did not take notice, I cannot say to the contents of the box.
Prisoner's Council. Little lad, what time in the evening was it when you first met the person that asked you the question? - About six or a little later, it was dark, I walked with him as far as Northumberland gateway; I shewed him the direction, he went up the Golden Cross gateway and wished me a good night; I think it was about a month or more before we heard of the hats again.
Did you give an account of that robbery that night? - I did not give them an accurate account, I was afraid.
You did not give them any description of the person? - No.
Where were you carried? - I went to Bow-street, there I saw Sir Sampson Wright, but I did not see the persons, neither of them, I saw them both the second time.

What message was brought you when you was told that you should see the robbers at Bow-street? - I was told I was to go to Bow-street.
What for? - About these persons, I expected to see them, when I came there, I was shewn them.
What these men? - Yes, the second time.
And then you thought they were the people that had served you this trick? - I was desired by Sir Sampson Wright to look round the room, and tell which was the man.
It was darkish when you was accosted by the first man, it was still darker when the second spoke to you? - It was lighter by the lamps in the gateway of the inn.
Court. There was light enough for the man, whosoever he was, to read the direction.
How many persons were there in the room? - I think there were about a dozen.
GEDALIAH GATFIELD, sworn.
I live in Newgate-street, my partner's name is 
               
                  Thomas
                   Wilson
               



            , I sent a parcel by the last witness on the 6th of December, it contained the things mentioned in the indictment, they were my property, and my partner's; I have seen the hats since, I had a message from Bow-street about a month since, I was informed that there were two people taken up, and one of them had made a discovery, I went with the boy to Sir Sampson Wright, he examined the boy, and made some minutes, and we came away, he said I will send and let you know, and will be obliged to you if you will come up when the man is here; I went again with the boy, and there was some of the goods, he desired me to look them over; in one of the hats there was my mark, the chip hats were not marked, I cannot swear that they were packed in that box, because the same hats are in all the haberdasher's shops, one of the hats had my mark, I am quite sure that one was mine.
Prisoner's Council. When he came back he did not give you any accurate account of this transaction? - He said a gentleman desired him bring a dozen more, and that he bad him put down the box.
Did he say what sort of person? - He said he was quite a gentleman, and had a drab coat on and boots, and a whip or a stick in his hand, so I sent the porter back with him.
Court. Did the boy mention to you the circumstances? - He mentioned to me all the circumstances he has told now, he was very accurate in what he said, the hats were left in Bow-street.
Court. Where did you see that hat that was marked? - In Bow-street.
Was this prisoner there then? - Yes.
Is there any body here that can say where these hats were found, and how they came to Bow-street? - I do not know any thing of it.
Court to Walter. Are you sure the elderly man, the witness, is the man that took the box from you? - I think he is, I cannot swear to him.
Are you sure that the prisoner is the man that looked at the directions? - I am not sure to him any more than the other, I believe him to be the man, but I am not perfectly sure.
When you first saw him, did you say that you believed him to be the man? - I expressed a doubt as I do now, he had a round hat on.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Bage has been evidence for the crown twice before now, he swears against me because I would not assist him with a sum of money, I have had a writ against him for this six months, and never could appre hend him, it is nothing but mere malice, I beg my witnesses may be called.
Prisoner's Council. It is better for you not to examine those witnesses.
Prisoner. I leave it to my council.
Court. Gentlemen of the Jury, where more persons than one confederate together to commit a felony, every one of those persons who is present to give assistance at the time the felony is committed, is equally guilty; where more people than one go into a shop to steal goods, one person alone steals them, but the rest are all guilty: In the same manner, where several persons go together to commit a burglary, and some of them enter the house, and others stand at the door, and never go into the house, in point of law, the persons who stand without, and are ready to aid and assist those that go in, are considered equally guilty of the capital part of the offence. The difference between aiding and abetting as accessary or principal, consists in being present or not. You will observe likewise that with respect to the evidence of accomplices, though the law admits, for the sake of detecting offences, an accomplice to be examined under certain circumstances, yet the humanity and wisdom of the law will not permit any man to be convicted upon the single evidence of an accomplice unconfirmed by other material facts, let that evidence be ever so strong, for such a person is not deserving of that degree of credit, that upon his single testimony any man's life or liberty should be taken away; that being the general law with respect to accomplices, I think it but justice to the prisoner to add, that I have seldom seen an accomplice in a court of justice that deserves less credit than Bage.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
