






268. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     PARSLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     PHEBE 
                     FLARTY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of January last, three muslin shawls, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Hincksman
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  RICHARD
                   TWYDALE
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  Robert
                   Hincksman
               



            , in Holborn


; I lost some shawls, on Friday, the 19th of January, between one and two; the prisoners came in under a pretence of buying some cotton for a child's frock; I shewed her some, whilst I was shewing her some, one of the girls, the prisoner 
               
                  Ann
                   Parsley
               



            , asked the price of some shawls that lay on the counter; I told her half a guinea a-piece; then the other went to the counter, I followed them directly; the shawls were laying on the counter; while I was talking to the prisoner Flarty, I saw the prisoner Parsley steal three shawls, and I saw her put them under her apron; then they went out; when she came to the door, I saw part of the shawl stick out from under her apron; I went out, and took the shawls from under Parsley's apron; the prisoner Flarty went away, I did not take her; I called my master out of the back shop, and told him that she had stolen three shawls; then we sent for a constable, and took her be- before the Magistrate.
When was the other taken? - On Saturday or Monday, I do not know which, the runner took her.
Are you sure the other girl Phebe Flarty was the one that was in the shop? - Yes, I am quite sure of that.
Did they both come together; - Yes, and went out together.


                  JACOB
                   FREEMAN
               



             sworn.
When Parsley was taken, I had information from Twydale of the other person, and I went after her, and she was brought before the Magistrate, and Twydale came and swore to her person.
What is become of the shawls?
Twydale. I went up to the gallery with them, and when I came out again, I gave them to the woman at the door to take care of till I came back; and this morning I asked her for them, and she said that two men last night about ten, came and asked for them in my name, and she gave them to them; I think her name is Mrs. Storey, the door-keeper.
Were they marked? - Yes, Y X; I am sure they were my master's shawls; I took them from the prisoner; they were kept separate; I am sure they were my master's goods; they were worth a guinea and a half.

Prisoners. We have nothing to say.
BOTH 


               GUILTY Of stealing, but not privately
            .
Each 



               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the third Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
