






25. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILKIE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th day of October
 last, one leather pocket-book, value 3 s. 6 d. four other leather pocket-books, value 3 s. one New Testament, value 1 s. 6 d. one Spelling Dictionary, value 2 s. one Compleat Letter-writer, value 1 s. 6 d. one Hervey's Meditations, value 2 s. one Tragedy of Zara, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Fourdrinier
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bloxham
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Walker
                  



               
            .


                  HENRY
                   FOURDRINIER
               



            , Sen. sworn.
I am a stationer


 in Lombard-street


.
Who are your partners? - 
               
                  William
                   Bloxham
               



            , and 
               
                  Joseph
                   Walker
               



            ; and were so on the 16th of October last.
Did your porter Wilkie
 live with you at that time? - Yes.
Did he abscond? - He did on the 17th about eleven o'clock, and he returned no more; I first of all went to a public-house and saw him, I think in company with one How; I said to him, you are in company with that gentleman; he said no; then I went to his house in May's-pond, in the Borough; 
               
                  Robert
                   Marsh
               



            , my foreman knew his house.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. How long has the prisoner lived with you? - Many years.
You supposed him to be an honest man? - I did.


                  JAMES
                   IVES
               



             sworn.
You went to search this man's lodgings with Ward? - Yes.
What did you find there? - These pocket-books.
Where did you find them? - In the bed-room, these three pocket-books were found tied up in his wife's stays, some in a coat pocket, and some in a cupboard.


                  ROBERT
                   MARSH
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Bloxham and Co. I know the prisoner, he lived at No. 7, I believe in May's-pond, Southwark; I had been at his house that day that he absconded, the 17th day of October.
Mr. Garrow. Was you ever in company with the prisoner? - Yes, Sir, I have many a time, and I have been there when he was ill, I always understood him to be a married man; I have seen the person that passed for his wife.
Mr. Garrow to 
               
                  Henry
                   Fourdrinier
               



            . You have paid somebody some money, by whose direction was it? - The prisoner directed me to pay it for him, for rent.
To Mr. Fourdrinier, Jun. Do you know of your own knowledge what house those people searched? - I had been there several times, I was there with Ives.
Then was the house that you was at with Fourdrinier the Elder, the house that you searched? - Yes, (The books deposed to.) When hew as before the Magistrate, I took this book.
Mr. Garrow. Was his examination taken down? - I believe it was, I am not positive.
Marsh. I took this book in my hand, and said, Wilkie, you cannot deny that you took this book from our house, meaning the house of Fourdrinier and Co. he replied, that he could not; I was present when he was apprehended, they denied his being there, and he was found in the cock-loft; he afterwards told me, that hearing my voice, he got up into a cock-loft; I swear to this book by a private mark, and I have no doubt of the other.
Ives. I took the prisoner at Buckingham gate, in a cock-loft.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
In 1776 I took a house in Tooley-street, and made it into a shop, to sell butter, cheese, and bacon; then I went into another way, and sold paper, pens, and ink, and other things; I have people here in Court to testify the same, having no family I went to live with Mr. Fourdrinier, I kept the shop a year.
Mr. Silvester to Prosecutor. Have you since that time altered your shop mark? - Yes.
Is that the altered mark? - Yes, when we part with servants who know our marks, I think it very right to alter them.

Prisoner. Some of these things are what remained of that stock, but separate books, one or so, I may have bought since elsewhere.
Court to Prisoner. Can you give any explanation of what you said to young Mr. Fourdrinier, that you could not deny but you took the book from their house? - I do not recollect it.
The prisoner called nine witnesses who gave him an exceeding good character.
GUILTY.
He was 


               recommended to mercy by the Jury
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
