





779. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one patent lamp, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Haling
                  




               
            .
The witnesses examined separate at the prisoner's request.


                  WILLIAM
                   THOMAS HOLLYAR
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Haling, the tin-plate-worker
, in Market-lane; he lost a patent lamp, on Thursday, the 9th of August; I did not miss it till the prisoner was detected by Mr. Sharp.


                  GEORGE
                   SHARP
               



             sworn.
I am foreman to Mr. Lucas, who is a supervisor, and contractor for lamps; on Thursday, the 9th of August, as I was in St. Martin's-street, Leicester-fields, looking at my boy at work, I saw the prisoner coming up the street on the other side of the way, with something wrapped up in his apron; I says to him, what have you got there?
How long have you known him? - Two years.

What is he? - He is what you call a cadoee, that is, a helper; I asked him what he had got there, his reply was nothing; I put my hand towards his apron, and he drawed it away, and would not let me see; I told him I insisted on seeing, and he said if I would step on one side, he would tell me what was there.
Did you tell him it would better for him to confess? - No, I says to him, I shall not go any where, and then he opened his apron, and there was the patent lamp in his apron.
What may be the worth of it? - Seventeen or eighteen shillings.
Whose lamp was it, did you know? - I did not find out till afterwards; I asked him how he came by it, and he said he had taken it from Mr. Haling.
Did you understand by that that he had stole it, or that Mr. Haling had given it to him? - When I saw the lamp, I took him by the collar, and took him back to Mr. Haling's; he begged I would not take him to Mr. Haling's, and said, you have a family of your own, and I hope you will not hurt me, but before that, I asked him if he worked for Mr. Haling, and he said, yes; then says I, are not you a bad fellow to rob the gentleman that employs you? then I took him to Mr. Haling, and he was taken before Mr. Justice Hyde, and committed.
- SMITH sworn.
I am foreman to Mr. Haling; I took this lamp from the prisoner, on the 9th of August; he had it inside his apron; I have had the care of it ever since under lock and key; he owned it to be Mr. Haling's at the Justice's, and that he took it.
Hollyar. This is Mr. Haling's property; I know it by the No. 1582 upon it.
When that was brought to you, did you look to see if there was any such number missing? - No, my Lord, but afterwards I found there was one wanting; I know that by the stock; there were twelve of that sort exactly; the prisoner was at work for Mr. Haling at the time, cleaning and preparing lanthorns for the Prince of Wales's birth day.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found the lamp in the back yard, under the water tub, and only picked it up to take care of it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. ROSE.
