






92. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HARDING
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ARCHER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Messer
                        




                     
                  , on the 17th day of November
, about the hour of nine in the night, and burglariously stealing therein, five pair of glass spectacles, set in tortoise-shell, mounted in silver, value 40 s. one reading-glass, value 10 s.
             the property of the said Benjamin Messer.


                  BENJAMIN
                   MESSER
               



             sworn.
I live at Bell-dock, Wapping


; I am a mathematical instrument-maker
; on the 17th of November last, about half past eight, the maid rang the bell from the sale-shop to the work-shop; before I went down to see if any thing was wanted, the bell rang again; when I came down the maid informed me the window was broke, and that the watch-strings were gone, and likewise five pair of of tortoise-shell spectacles, and a reading-glass.
Was your shop made up fast at the time? - The shop was open.
What was taken away? - Some trifling things, such as watch-strings, five pair of tortoise-shell spectacles, three of them double jointed and mounted with silver, and a reading-glass mounted with silver.
What was the value of them? - The single ones would sell for half a guinea a pair, the double jointed ones about fifteen shillings or sixteen shillings a pair; I gave seven shillings and six-pence a pair for the single jointed ones, and thirteen shillings for the double jointed ones; I paid one pound nineteen shillings for the three double jointed ones, out of my pocket.
Did you ever recover them again? - No, the spectacles were sold to a Jew, and the reading-glass was pawned in East Smithfield; when the prisoner Harding was taken, he had a duplicate of the reading-glass in his pocket; he was taken the Tuesday following; and the duplicate was found upon him, and a long wire in his pocket, and a thing to scrape the putty off.


                  MARY
                   MATHEWS
               



             sworn.
I was nurse there; Mrs. Messer laid in, and I was there as nurse to her; on the 17th of November I went out and came in again, and I saw the prisoners leaning on the window; in about a quarter of anhour some gentlemen knocked at the door, and said the window was broke; I went and looked, and saw the things mentioned in the indictment missing.
Did you observe both the prisoners or one? - I can be positive as to one; him that stands on the right hand (Harding;) on the Monday night I set backwards, and I saw these men again leaning in the same posture; I looked at them, and observed them very much; the window had been mended in the morning; I went in and told Mr. Messer, and I went out and observed the putty loosed; on Tuesday night I was set to mind the shop again, and I saw this man, with his white hat, pass to and fro, I minded the shop, and when I looked they went away; a gentleman knocked at the door, and said the window was broke again; I did not see the window broke, but I saw this man standing, waiting in this posture; I am positive to his face.
Mr. Knowlys. On all these three days you did not see the prisoners at the bar break the window, or take any thing away? - No.
Then you can only be certain as to the one with the straw hat? - No, that is the one next to me.


                  PETER
                   MAYNE
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday night, the 20th of November, I laid hold of the prisoner Harding; the prisoner Archer found means to escape; I brought Harding up to the prosecutor's shop; and on searching him, I found the duplicate of the reading glass in his pocket, and on searching his other pocket, I took this wire out and this chissel. (Producing them.) Accordingly I went to the pawnbrokers, Messrs. Stanley and Butcher in East Smithfield; that is all I know; the ticket is dated the 19th.
Mr. Knowlys. This was on Tuesday, after the robbery was done? - Yes.
- STANLEY sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I know the prisoner 
               
                  Samuel
                   Harding
               



            ; on Monday, the 19th of November, he brought this glass in the afternoon, and I lent him half a crown upon it; he asked me to lend him 4 s. I had not known him before; he said he lived with his father and mother in East Smithfield, and that he was lately come from Greenland; I thought it was his own, and he said so; I thought he might make use of it at sea.
Court to prosecutor. Are you sure that is your glass? - I had a glass like this, but I can't say there is any particular mark upon it that I can tell it.
Mrs. MESSER sworn.
Proved the property to be her husband's, by a light mark in the tortoise-shell, near the hinge, and that it was exposed in the window for sale, before the robbery was committed.
- MOSES sworn.
On the 19th of last month the two prisoners came to my shop, and shewed me two pair of spectacles; I asked them where they got them; they informed me on Tower Hill; I asked them whether they were sure they did not steal them? they said no; I asked them what they asked for them? and they said two shillings a pair; they were both present at the time, I believe; I am quite sure of one; the little one pulled a reading glass out of his pocket afterwards; says I, I am sure you did not come honestly by them.
Which did you buy the spectacles of? - Of the little one.
Prosecutor. I am confident the spectacles are my property.
PRISONER HARDING's DEFENCE.
I did not commit the offence.
PRISONER ARCHER's DEFENCE.
I was coming along Wapping-street, and I saw Harding; he asked me to go with him to his father's, and I went with him; a good while after that I parted with him;the next morning we went out to look for a ship together, and he said he had a glass in his pocket which he had bought for 1 s. and which he was going to sell; I said, I will tell you how you can sell it; I had it in my hand, and I went to Moses, and he would not buy it; then I went to the pawnbroker's, and pawned it for half a crown; I saw nothing of the spectacles.
EACH 


               GUILTY, Of stealing, to the value of 39 s.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
