





643. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 25th day of May
, one flannel dressing jacket, value 5 s. one cotton quilted jacket, value 10 s. one waistcoat, value 2 s. one other waistcoat, value 5 s. one pair of shoe buckles, value 12 s. one pair of knee buckles, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Barnet
                  




               
            , Esquire
.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROCHELL
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Barnet, he lost the things mentioned in the indictment, on the 25th of May between eleven and twelve, I saw them that morning, I had them in my hand in the dressing-room joining to the road, the wearing apparel was found directly after on the road, except the buckles, some of the things were found under the window.


                  ROBERT
                   MARSH
               



             sworn.
A little after eleven on Wednesday the 25th of May I was going to Hampstead Heath , towards the Spaniards ; just before the wall of the prosecutor's house I saw the prisoner getting out of the window, when he saw me he dropped some of the things , I cried out stop thief, some people came out of the Spaniards , I pursued him to Kentish Town , and he was taken laying under some pales of a gentleman's yard; I took him into custody, the prisoner is the person I saw getting out of the window.


                  SEBASTIAN
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
I live at the Spaniards , I heard the cry of stop thief on this day, and I saw the prisoner run by, the last witness was after him, I ran, but I lost sight of him; Mr. Marsh was coming home, near Mr. Barnet's window I saw his dressing jacket and things lay, I called to the servants, and one of them came and took them, they were about a foot and an half from the window; in about ten minutes they brought back the prisoner, I knew him directly, I am sure he is the man.


                  GEORGE
                   MARTIN
               



             sworn.
I picked up a pair of buckles in Mr. Wolfin's yard, Kentish Town, between three and four in the afternoon; I pursued the prisoner, and held him, I saw him put his hand into his pocket.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Sir, I am a lath render. I saw that man crying out stop thief, I went to see if there was a thief, and they knocked me down ; he said he lost sight of me, and he said to the old gentleman, do not bother me, whether it is him or no, I will swear to him.



               GUILTY
             .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
