








127. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAMANT
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     READ
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MITTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Meason
                        



                     
                   on the king's highway, on the 19th of December
 last, and putting him in fear and danger of his life, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, a canvas bag, value 6 d. a base metal watch case, value 12 s. a watch spring, value 5 s. a black string, value 1 d. and divers other watch cases, springs, and movements
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wentner
                  



               
            .
The case opened by Mr. Silvester.
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  HENRY
                   MEASON
               



             sworn.
I am a going of thirteen; I live with Mr. Wentner in the Minories, a watchmaker
: I was going by my master's orders to Mr. Phillips in Cherry-tree-alley


; I was met by the three prisoners about one at noon, and two of them took the bag from me by force, they did not speak to me; and the other, the boy, got behind me, and held me fast round the shoulders, while the others took the things out of the bag, and turned it topsy turvy; and they picked the things up and put them in their pockets and ran away: Mrs. Stubbs was the first person that came to my assistance; one 
               
                  John
                   Sharp
               



             gave them me to carry to Mr. Phillips: these men were not taken up till a good while after; this boy was taken directly; Mr. Matravers the constable stopped him; I am sure that was the boy: after the prisoners were taken, I saw them at Justice Blackborough's, I am sure they are the men; I am equally positive they are the two men.


                  MARY
                   STUBBS
               



             sworn.
I live in Cherry-tree-alley, Golden-lane. On the 19th of December, I remember the witness Meason was at my door; we happened to go out, and we saw a little boy holding him; that is the boy, the prisoner, and the other two, they were pulling of the bag, but they ran away; there were things on the ground when I went out of the house; before I could see what they did; the child had not power to cry thieves, but he cried murder; I called to Mr. Matravers, and said here is a robbery; he got the little one, and the prisoner Milton presented me a watch case, with a string and seal, that was within ten minutes of the time as nigh as I can guess; he would have given it to the constable; but the constable ran by him and would not receive it; it was a watch case, with a string and seal; I gave it to the constable, his name is Matravers; I saw Mitton once go down our alley, never before, he gave me the watch case to give to the boy that was robbed; he said so, and he came after me to my own door, and said he, d - n it, or d - n you, (I do not know which) I will see that you give it him; and away he went.
How came you to take it? - I took it from him, and gave it to the child that very instant, within ten minutes of the robbery; the boy remained with me all the time; we took care of him, for fear the rest should be gone.
Court. At the time the prisoner Damant was holding Meason up, was the bag taken out of Meason's hand? - I do not know.
Was the things separate about, after the time you saw the prisoner Damant hold the boy in his arms, or after? - They were upon the ground when I went out.


                  JOSEPH
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I saw 
               
                  William
                   Damant
               



             hold Mr. Wentner's boy, till 
               
                  Robert
                   Read
               



             pulled the bag from him; I am sure of it, and when he loosed the bag, he made off; I pursued after him directly, and I could not overtake either of them; I am sure Read is the man; Damant had hold of the boy, that I am sure of.
Court. What became of the bag afterwards? - I do not know.


                  HANNAH
                   GROVES
               



             sworn.
I live at Cherry-tree-alley; I went to the door to see what was the matter, and the first thing I saw, was that little boyhad hold of the other boy, and the other men took the bag from him; him in the blue coat, though he had a green coat on then; and the boy I know, but the other, Mitton, I cannot swear to; when they got the bag from the boy, it was thrown down in the alley, and the things were all about; him in the green coat took a watch case, and after that he turned back again to the place; the watch case was tied with a black ribband and a seal to it; then he turned back to 
               
                  Mary
                   Stubbs
               



            .
Had he remained in the alley all the while? - No, he had been some distance from the place and came back again; I cannot say how far he went; I am sure he is one of the men that pulled away the bag.


                  JAMES
                   HOOD
               



             sworn.
I am an apprentice to a a watch case maker; I saw the little one keep the lad, the while the other men were picking the property up; I am sure they are the same men, I knew them by sight before.


                  THOMAS
                   MATRAVERS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I live the corner of Cherry-tree-alley, on Saturday the 19th of December, at one o'clock, I was coming home, and going to knock at my own gates; I am a cow-keeper; I heard murder cried in my alley; if it had not been murder cried, I should not have looked out; we run, and at the bottom of Anchor-street, I took Damant, and brought him back to the place where the robbery was committed: the lad said, that was the boy that held him, while the other men robbed him; the things were about; I said give them to me; there was one silver case; a young man met me; I cannot swear to him: says he, Sir, I have the property; but I could not catch the thief; I said give it to the proprietor, and he gave it to Mrs. Stubbs; it was offered me by one of the thieves that robbed him; I do not know who it was that offered it to me; afterwards I received these and all the things from Mrs. Stubbs; there was some property found in Anchor-street.
To Mrs. Stubbs. Look at that watch, is that the watch? - This is the same.
The Boy. This is the same case, the glass is broke.
Court. When did they get the bag out of your hands? - About one o'clock; Damant laid hold of my arm before they got the bag from me; then he got hold of me.
- SHARPE sworn.
I carry on the manufactory business on the part of 
               
                  John
                   Wentner
               



            ; I delivered these cases to the boy to carry; these are the things I gave to Mason to carry out; they are the property of Mr. Wentner; there were a many more things in the bag; two implements to make dials.


                  WILLIAM
                   BIRD
               



             sworn.
I only apprehended the prisoners Mitton and Read.
PRISONER DAMANT's DEFENCE.
My lord, I was not nigh the place; I was just come from my father's; I was coming down Golden-lane, and this man took me back to the place, to the boy, and the boy directly said, I was one.
PRISONER READ's DEFENCE.
I live in Grubb-street, and three officers came and took me out of the room; I knew no more about it than a child unborn.
PRISONER MITTON's DEFENCE.
I was coming through Cherry-tree-alley; and I saw the boy crying, and there were a parcel of watch materials laying on the ground; and two men ran away; and one of them dropped a watch case; and I picked it up and gave it to the woman, and desired her to give it to the boy that was crying.
The prisoner Mitton called three witnesses who gave him a good character.


                  WILLIAM
                   DAMANT
               



             (Aged 11) 
               
                  ROBERT
                   READ
               



             (Aged 19) 
               
                  JOHN
                   MITTON
               



             (Aged 18)



               GUILTY
            , 




               Death
            .

The prisoner Damant was 


               recommended to mercy by the Jury
            .
Court. As far as the boy's life goes, I mean to interpose, but it will be no interest to him or the publick that he should remain in this country.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
