





572. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PATTERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of September
, four silk handkerchiefs, value 20s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .



                  WILLIAM
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper
 in Fleet-street


: On the 16th of this month, the prisoner at the bar came in, and wanted to buy some handkerchiefs; I attended him myself, and shewed him several; he agreed for one, desired I would cut it off, and he would call for it in a few minutes; I did not cut it off; he had a short jacket on, upon his turning round to go out, I discovered between his thighs a piece of silk handkerchiefs folded up; I called to him, but he did not come; I called stop thief, sent a man after him, and he was brought back with the handkerchief.
Court. Q. Who was in the shop besides you? - A.Two servants, besides myself and a customer.
Court. Q. Are they attending here? - A. No.
Court. Q.Then, for what you know, they night have seen it? - A. They say not.
JOHN CHURCH sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Thompson; I saw the prisoner come in; Mr. Thompson came over the counter as soon as he was gone, and called stop thief; I went after him; he ran down Bride-lane; I observed the silk handkerchiefs in his hand as he was running, there were four of them in one piece; in turning round Bridge-court, he fell down, and I detected him; I took the prisoner, and had him back to my master, Mr. Thompson; I delivered the handkerchiefs to my master, and got a constable.


                  JOHN
                   WEATHERBY
               



             sworn. - I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; Mr. Thompson gave him into my charge, with the handkerchiefs.(Produces them.)
Mr. Thompson. These are my handkerchiefs, they have my mark upon them; they are the same that I delivered to the constable.
Church. These are the same handerchiefs that I took from the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence. I have lost one arm, and the use of great part of one side of me, that it is totally impossible I should be able to hold them between my thighs.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            . (Aged 32.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury, before The LORD CHIEF BARON.
