





47. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MANLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of December
, a pair of linen sheets, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Leatham
                  




               
            .
- LEATHAM sworn.
I am a married woman: my husband is a horse-dealer
. I live in Crown-court, Purple-lane. Before this 3d of December I had been robbed; and on that day the prisoner came to me, and told me he could inform me of the people that robbed me, and he knew where the things were pawned;I went with him to Justice Triquett's, Clerkenwell-green, and got a warrant, and 
               
                  Mary
                   Ellis
               



             and the prisoner Manley went with me; we went from there over the water, into the Borough, and he shewed me and the constable the man at work, that had robbed me before, and told us that he did not like to be seen in the business, he would wait at a publick-house, for the constable and me, the Crown, in George-street; when we had taken the man I went to the Crown, in George-street; he was not there, on the Sunday following a woman came to me, and informed me of him, and I found him at an empty garret, No. 23, Leather-lane; when I went, which was about twelve or one o'clock, he told me he was sorry he had sent me that message, and hoped I would excuse him, and would give him a trifle, for he was a good deal in distress: I told him I would get change for half a guinea; and I went and brought up a pot of beer and a constable, and took him.
What did you charge him with? - With stealing a pair of sheets when he came to my house: the constable took him to some prison, I know not where.


                  ELIZABETH
                   LAMB
               



             sworn.
I am a glover, and live in Crown-court, Purple-lane, No. 2: Mrs. Leatham lives at No. 3. I was at my own window, and saw the prisoner go to Mrs. Leatham on Friday the third of December, between three and four in the afternoon, very nigh four; I cannot say I saw him go in, because her house is on a turn; I am sure as to the hour; he went by with nothing but a stick, and came back again with a bundle of soul linen under his arm, in the course of a quarter of an hour; I look upon it that one sheet was tied up in the other, and he carried it outside of his coat: I saw no more of him: I am sure as to the man, because I had seen him at Mr. Leatham's before.
Are you sure that when he went by first he had no bundle, and when he came back he had a bundle? - Yes, I am: my house is the next door.
Are you sure as to the time? - I am certain that is the day and time.
Prisoner. Did ever you see me before in that court? - I saw him just before that very morning.
Did ever I change a word with you in my life? - No: but on that morning, when you went by, you had a red bundle, but you had none when you came back.


                  PHEBE
                   BATES
               



             sworn.
I was at Mrs. Lamb's house, and I saw the prisoner go by just before four o'clock. I live at No. 8. I had seen him go out with Mrs. Leatham in the morning, about twelve o'clock.
Are you sure as to his person? - Yes; I am sure he had nothing but a stick in his hand, and I saw him turn to Mrs. Leatham's house; it is a little passage; and he went to the passage, and could go no where else, for it is no thoroughfare.


                  MARY
                   KEYS
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 7, Crown-court. Last Friday week about four o'clock I was standing at my window washing, and I saw Manley, the prisoner, turn down Mrs. Leatham's alley, which is a little passage which turns out of the court: he had nothing under his arm when he went by; his returning again I did not see: I am positive to the man.


                  MATTHEW
                   BILBY
               



             sworn.
I am the headborough of St. Luke's parish. On the 3d of December the prisoner and the prosecutrix came to me about one o'clock, in order to serve a warrant upon one Ellis; with that we proceeded all over Black Friars-bridge: he told me he would shew me the man, and likewise where he lived, and desired me not to let the man know he was any ways connected with it; we proceeded to George-street, and there the prisoner that I had a warrant against was at work, or going as a paviours labourer; he then left me; this was aboutone or two o'clock; I took my prisoner; and he begged of me that I would go to his master that he worked for, in order to settle; with this he delayed us till about four o'clock, and Mrs. Leatham was with us all this time; and I am certain that is the man that shewed me the prisoner.
MARY POWEL sworn.
I live at No 5, Crown-court. On Friday, the 3d of December, the prisoner at the bar came to Mrs. Leatham's about twelve o'clock, to inform her of the man who robbed her; Mrs. Leatham called, and desired me to take care of her children; I directly put the key into the door, and locked it, and put the key in my own possession; about three o'clock I had occasion to go into Mrs. Leatham's room, and brought out what I went for, and left every thing safe at three o'clock; about four, or ten minutes after, my little niece, that lives with Mrs. Leatham, told me that her room was stripped, and her bed clothes all gone, the drawers all open, and every thing in great confusion: I know nothing else.
Prisoner. Did not we leave you in the house? - No; I locked it up.


                  GEORGE
                   WICH
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of St. Andrew's parish: I was sent for last Sunday week, about a quarter before two, to Purple-lane. I apprehended the man: I told the prisoner I had got a warrant against him concerning a robbery at Mrs. Leatham's; Oh! says he, I do not mind that, I was afraid it was something else; he said, there was no one saw him go into the house or come out of the house, and so there is no one can hurt me, I am sure: he said, he would go with me very quietly, which he did.
Prisoner. I never said that no one saw me come out of the house or come in.
Wich. I am certain he said it.
Court to Mrs. Leatham. You never found your sheets again? - No, never.
You left them on your bed safe that day? - Yes; that morning.
Whose property are these? - They are my husband's property.
Witness for the prisoner.


                  ELIZABETH
                   MALLARD
               



             sworn.
My husband works at an iron foundery; his name is 
               
                  Francis
                   Mallard
               



            ; he works at Messrs. Ingman and Gifford's, down at Back Hill. The prisoner came to my house last Friday was a week, about twelve, and he went away, and came again about four, as nigh as I can guess, and staid rather better than ten minutes; he left a bundle with me on Friday night, and I saw him no more till Sunday.
What was in that bundle? - There was an old huckaback table cloth, and a little bag, and a red handkerchief, and I believe a pair of stockings; I untied the bundle to wash the handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
