





258. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     STOCKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of April
, two yards of printed cotton, value 5s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   HINDE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to 
               
                  Alexander
                   Johnson
               



            , linen draper
, No. 31, Oxford-street


. The 21st of April, between eight and nine in the evening, Margaret Stocker and another woman came into the shop to buy a remnant; I shewed them some remnents on the counter; I went back to fetch some more, and 
               
                  Margaret
                   Stocker
               



             took one off the counter.
Q. How far did you go to fetch some more? - Just turned myself round; I see her take it off.
Q. What did she take off? - A piece of printed cotton, it was folded up in a small fold. A woman came up to the door, and called one of them out.
Q.What did she do with this printed cotton when she took it up? - Put it under her apron.
Q.Was that before you made this discovery or after? - After. The they were going out at the door; I jumped over the counter and pulled her back again; then I immediately asked her for the print, and there were two pieces dropped on the ground from between them; but I only see her take one. One piece dropped from under her apron; the other I did not see drop.
Q. Were they printed cottons, both of the same pattern or different patterns? - Different patterns. The property is at home; Mr. Johnson would not let me bring it, he said the trial would not come on this afternoon.
Q. It was a cotton you are sure? - Yes.
Q. Had you any cottons in that house that did not belong to your master? - No.
Q. You are sure that belonged to your master? - I am certain it did.
Q. Had you sold her any at this time? - No.
Q.Nor to the other woman? - No, to neither of them.
Q. What might be the value of that piece that she dropped from her apron? - Five shillings.
Q. Was there any other people in the shop besides yourself? - Yes, there was another young man at the end of the counter, but he did not see any thing of it.
Prisoner. Which woman called for the bit of print? - 
               
                  Mary
                   Parsons
               



             called for a piece of print.
Prisoner. I went in with this woman for a yard of stuff to make a child a bed gown, and somebody called to the other woman, and she was going out; I never offered to stir from the place, and he catched hold of her, and the print droppedfrom her; and the next morning he accused the other woman, and she was an Irish woman, and he found she had so many Irish to speak for her, that he let her alone, and then he accused me, I being a lone girl.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you accuse the other woman of it? - I did not; she was taken to the watch-house.
Q. Was she taken to the magistrate's the next morning? - Yes, she was.
Q. The magistrate discharged the other woman? - Yes, he did.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
