





526. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the ninth of October
, a wooden box covered with leather, value 8s. a muslin frock, value 8s. a linen night cap, value 1d. a linen shift, value 4s. a shirt, value 12s. a linen towel, value 10d. a pin cloth, value 1s. a cotton night gown, value 3s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 18d. a linen handkerchief, value 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Grieve
                  




               
            .


                  SUSANNA
                   LAW
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you live with Mr. Grieve? - Yes. I know nothing about the property.
Mr. Alley. Where does Mr. Grieve live? - In Norfolk-street, in the Strand.
Q. Was it in the Strand where the property was put into the coach? - I don't know.


                  RICHARD
                   TIPPS
               



             sworn.
On Friday, the ninth of this month, I was in Houndsditch. Between eight and nine in the evening, there was an hackney coach, and the prisoner at the bar in the coach, with another man; the other man told the coachman to drive on a little further; I followed it, and the coach stopped, and the coachman got off his box, and opened the coach door, the other man got out, and asked the coachman what his fare was, and he paid him, the prisoner did not get out. The coachman held the door, and observed, thatthe prisoner did not seem to know what to do. The coachman stood for about two minutes, and then he asked him what he was to do? he bid him shut the door, he shut to the door; it was by a chandler's shop, and I went and put my hand over the hatch and got the candle, and went to the coach, and as I went and opened the coach door the prisoner attempted to get out; I put the candle away, and jumped into the coach, and we had a bit of a struggle, however, I secured him, and put my hand to the hind part, and took out a trunk; the prisoner said it was not his property. I took him the next morning before the Lord Mayor, and the property was advertised. I have got a part of the property here. It was by the approbation of the Lord Mayor that the gentleman should have the best part of the property, because the children had no things to put on.
Mr. Alley. What time of night was this? - Between eight and nine I believe.
Q. There was another man in the coach with the prisoner, why did you not apprehend that other man? - Because I was not thoroughly convinced that things were not right.
Q. Was it not in the city of London where this property was found? - It is.


                  SAMUEL
                   LEONARD
               



             sworn.
Between the hours of eight and nine, I was first coach at St. Margaret's Hill. A man called out, coach! and told me to the Butcher Row, nearest London Bridge, he got on the box with me. There were two men standing there, when we came there, with a trunk. That is one of them, the prisoner at the bar. I got down and let them in, the two men got inside, the prisoner at the bar got inside with one other man, the man that was on the box went behind the coach. They told me to go, but to no particular place. When I was on the bridge I asked where I was to go, they told I was to go up Fenchurch-street, but when I came within ten yards of Fenchurch-street, one man put his head out of window, the man that is missing, and then bid me go to Houndsditch. When I came to Houndsditch, the man that was behind the coach got down. I followed him up till we came to a court, when I came there, he got off from behind, and went away then, I went and got down from my box, and opened the door, and the other man got out of the coach, and paid me; the door remained open, and I asked the man inside whether I should shut the door? - He said yes, and I got some hay, and began to feed my horses, and the constable he then got a light, and secured the prisoner, That is the person that the constable secured.
Mr. Alley. There was another man paid you? - Yes.
Dr. 
               
                  JOHN
                   GRIEVE
               



             sworn.
I have nothing to say, but the property is mine; I came in a post chaise from Shuter's Hill, in company with a post chaise to which the trunk was tied.
Mr. Alley. Can you tell where you lost the property? - I understand from Dr. Hunter.
Dr. HUNTER sworn.
I and my daughter met Dr. Grieve just ascending Shuter's Hill. Mrs. Grieve, my daughter, and I, went on with the trunk and a square box tied to the post chaise, and Dr. Grieve, in another post chaise, and the two post chaises went on together, till we came to Black Friars Bridge, when the boy said, the trunk is gone, and the box was just off, the post boy took up the leather that it was fixed to, and shewed how it was cut as under, observing, that it had been done very dextrously, or something of that sort.

Q. Of course you did not see any thing done yourself? - No, but I am sensible the box and trunk was there. The trunk was advertised as lost.
Mr. Alley. It was the other side of Blackfriars Bridge? - It was.
Court to Law. Did you pack up these things in the trunk? - I helped to pack them up.
Q. You know they were in the trunk? - Yes, I know them to be Dr. Grieve's.
Prisoner. I was that day walking near to St. Margaret's Hill, and I was called by a man of a very genteel appearance to carry a trunk for him, and I told him, that I would. I am a stay maker by profession, I carried the trunk for him to Butcher Row, he then told me to set it down, says he, we will have a coach, and after some little trifle of time, a man came down in a dark coloured coat, and he opened the coach door, and then we went in with the trunk, then the coach drove to Houndsditch, and he got out of the coach at Houndsditch, paid the coachman eighteen pence, and left me inside of the coach, and told me he should return immediately, then Mr. Tipper came and asked me, what I had got in the coach, I told him that I had something there, says he, I insist on taking charge of you, and he took charge of me in the coach, at least ways at the door of the coach, and he laid hold of me, and went into the coach immediately, and he pulled out this trunk, and he asked me whether this trunk belonged to me? I told him no, it belonged to the gentleman that was gone, and he took me to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
