








401. 
               
                  
                     ANTHONY 
                     CHANDLER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TOWNSEND
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     MORRIS, otherwise 
PRICE





               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROWN, otherwise 
MALPAS




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of May
, 900lb. weight of dressed flax , value 20l. and 200lb. weight of tow, value 40s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Lee
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  WILLIAM
                   CRAWFORD
               



             sworn.
I am warehouseman to Mr. Lee, who is a hemp and flax  merchant
, in Broad-street Buildings, he has a warehouse in Goswell-street


; about five minutes before four o'clock in the morning, one of our men called on me for the key, which I gave him; he came back and told me me warehouse had been robbed; I went with him to the warehouse immediately; I found that there was a great quantity of goods gone, the produce of about 1400 weight after it is dressed; I looked round to see if I could see which way it had been got away; I traced it across a field, over the paling I found some of it sticking upon the pales; after that, I looked round, to see which way they had taken it, across another field, but I could not find it; I went across, and at the corner of the field, I found the tracing of the flax  again upon the pales.
Jury. Q. How far was the first paling from your warehouse? - A. About 50 yards, and the second paling is about 150 yards; I went back to get one of our men of the name of Robertson; I went with him to see if we could trace it, and we found the trace of a six inch wheeled cart, which went up to a brick-kiln, and we concluded that it must have been taken away in that cart; we traced the cart up the road towards Islington, about thirty or forty yards; we could not find any further track, then we lost it; we enquired at Islington turnpike, and found that several carts had come through, but none had gone through; as we could get no information, we turned back again; at the meeting of the two roads, at the corner of the City-road, we found the track of the cart again, and traced it down to the City road turnpike, and enquired if any cart had gone through; the man said, there was a cart with two horses went through about two o'clock, but did not know what it was loaded with; we came to Old-street end, and could not find any track; we then turned back again to the corner of Hoxton, by the Three Crowns, and there we found it again, it had turned up a back lane to the left hand.
Jury. Q. What hour was this? - A. Between four and five, near upon five; we traced the cart up the back lane, to a lane that goes up to the white lead mills, by the Rosemary-branch, and there was a six inch wheel waggon before us, and we were afraid of losing the track, and we ran on before the waggon, and caught the track again, and traced it into a dust yard, at the high end of Hoxton; we went up to the gate of the yard, but did not see any thing like a cart; we staid about a minute, and then we went down the road to Old-street gate, and enquired if any cart had gone through there, and they said, no; then we went back to call up Mr. Lee's clerk, and we went to the Police Office for Mr. Armstrong,and we went up with him to this dust-yard, in Hoxton; he went into the yard, and saw the man that it belongs to, I believe his name is Norris; he asked the man if he had any carts out that night, he said, he had lent one the night before; but what time it went out, or what time it came in, he could not tell, it was to go out in the night; Armstrong asked him who he had lent it to, he said, to the landlord at the King's arms, Mr. Bedell; he asked Armstrong to go with him to the King's-arms, which we did, the girl said, her master was come home, but what time she did not know; he then called Bedell up, he came in his shirt sleeves, Armstrong told him he must put his coat on and go with us; when he put his coat on, it was all covered with flax , but we did not find any there; Armstrong desired us to take care of the landlord while he went up stairs, he brought Chandler down with his coat covered with flax , of the same sort we had lost; after Chandler was brought down, Armstrong and Bedell went into a corner, and what conversation they had, I cannot say.
Cross-examined by Mr. Jackson. Q. Do you know any thing of this Norris? - A. No; I did not know that I should if I was to see him.
Q. You found some flax  hanging about some palings? - A. Yes; and some flax  hanging about the bar of Bedell's house.
Q. So that yourself, or any body else, might brush it off upon their clothes by going past? - A. Yes.
Q. Norris said, he had lent his cart to the landlord? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. Was it tied in whisps, or what? - A. Yes; in whisps.


                  JAMES
                   ROBERTSON
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. I was employed by Mr. Lee; I went to the warehouse early in the morning, I found the window broke open; I went into the work-shop, and found the produce of 1400 of flax  missing, 900 weight nett; I then went back to my fellow-servant, and we went together to the dust place.
Q. Were you with them at the time that Chandler was apprehended? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know any thing more than the other witness? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Jackson. Q. You found Chandler in bed? - A. Yes.
Q. Flax is of that light substance that it would catch upon his, or any other lodger's clothes? - A. Yes; but it was in such a condition, that if I had been at work all day long it could not have been worse.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to the Worship-street Office: In consequence of information, I went to a dust-yard, and from thence to Bedell's house, Bedell and his wife were then in bed, I sent the maid up stairs for him; I went up stairs, and told him to get up; when he put his blue coat on the flax  all appeared about it; I brought Bedell down stairs; says I, you had a cart out last night; he denied it at first; I then left him in posession of Mr. James, clerk to Mr. Lee, and two men; I went up stairs, and told Chandler he must get up; says I, Anthony, you must get up, what do you do in bed at this time in the morning; when he got up, his coat was all over flax ; Bedell says, directly, that is one of the men; Chandler said, he knew nothing about it; I got them down to the Office, and locked Chandler up; says I, Mr. Bedell, I must have this flax  now; I went back with Bedell, he took us round the fields, and in coming down Hoxton I met Brown; I had sent for Wray and Peach to assist me, Wray was with me when I met Brown; Bedell said, that is one; Wray, in my presence, laid hold of him; Brown said nothing; his coat was as clean as mine is now from flax ; then Wray and Peach, and Brown, went to the public-house; I then went with Bedell down to the dust-yard, and there I found the whole of the flax , in a place where, I believe, grains are kept in the summer; it was covered over with coal-sacks, and straw over that; I secured the flax , a part of it was taken out by Mr. Lee's man; and I have had it ever since.
Cross-examined by Mr. Jackson. Q. It was 
               
                  Norris
               


             that directed you to Bedell's? - A. Yes; he said he had lent his cart to Bedell.
Q. Did he mention the name of either of the other prisoner? - A. No.
Q. What is Norris? - A. A scavenger; a common carman.
Q. A man of good character? - A. I cannot say.
Q. What hour was it when you went to Bedell's house? - A. Near seven, I believe.
Q. Be so good as state what conversation you had with Bedell previous to his saying that is one of the men? - A. Bedell denied it at first; and after he was pressed hard, he said it; and then, I going up stairs, and seeing Chandler's coat in that condition.
Q. Bedell was in custody at that time? - A. Yes.
Q. When you took Brown, how was he employed? - A. He was walking along very near Bedell's house; but whether Brown had seen us with Bedell first, or not, he certainly passed Bedell's house; I cannot say whether he was going in or not.
Q. You know Bedell pretty well, I believe, don't you? - A. No; I don't.
Q. Do you know of any other charge against him? - A. No; I know there is some tin he was good enough to inform the Magistrate of afterwards; but he informed the Magistrate of that, and not me; there are some people in custody for it.

Q. Do you remember Bedell attempting to run away? - A. Yes; and I went after him; says he, the Magistrate said, I must have good bail, and I was afraid it would not do.
Q. This was about the tin story? - A. It was after the tin.
Q. You had, perhaps, the caution to hand-cuff him? - A. Yes.
Q. Then all that you did know of him was, his giving more information respecting other property that was stolen? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN
                   WRAY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Worship-street Office: I apprehended Brown; he was pointed out by Bedell to me; and I took him to the King's-Arms, Hoxton; and I apprehended Morris; he was pointed out to me by Mrs. Bedell, he was coming in at the gate, and as soon as he saw me he was going away again; I got him as far as the gate, and he began to struggle, but I secured him; there were some pieces of flax hanging about his clothes; I did not observe any thing about Brown.
Q. Did Morris say any thing at the time he was apprehended? - A. He said he did not know any thing at all about it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Jackson. Q. You were at Bedell's house? - A. Yes.
Q. You know him pretty well? - A. I cannot say I do; I never saw him before that I know of.
Q. You are not acquainted with the tin story? - A. Yes; I heard that there were some things that had been removed by Bedell, and I went with him to see where they were; and where he said, there they were.
Q. He is a very notorious receiver, is he not? - A. I do not know.
Mr. Knapp. Q. When he was before the Magistrate for other purposes, he gave information of other things? - A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM
                   PEACH
               



             sworn.
I am one of the Police officers: I apprehended Townsend, on Saturday the 7th of May, just above the King's-Arms, in Hoxton; he came up to the house and looked in at the gateway; I saw him look in; I called to the landlady and asked her if that was one of the men; she said, yes; and I went and apprehended him; his outside jacket had the appearance of flax upon it; he came very quietly with me.
Cross-examined by Mr. Jackson. Q. These men are all coal-porters, or corn-porters, by trade, are they not? - A. I don't know.
Q. Do you know what Townsend is? - A. No.


                  JAMES
                   BEDELL
               



             sworn.
Examined by by Mr. Knapp. Q. Do you know the prisoners at the bar? - A. Yes, all of them. I keep the Kings-Arms, at Hoxton: On Friday evening, the 6th of May, all the prisoners came to my house; I had met Townsend before that about six o'clock in the evening; Townsend said, he understood I had carts and horses to let; I told him I did business for Mr. Norris; very well, says he, if I should want a cart you can let me have one; I said, yes; I went home about eight o'clock and had some tea, there were a great many people in the house; he said he should want it pretty soon; all the prisoners were there at that time; he said, he wanted to move the things before he went to work in the morning, he did not say what things; they went away then all four of them together; about half past eleven I shut up my house, and went to bed; and, about one o'clock in the morning, somebody came and called me, and I got up and went down to the door, and Chandler was at the door; he said, the men wanted me to move the things for them; why, says I, it is very early in the morning; I harnessed the two horses, it was a six-inch wheel cart, a brick cart; he told me to go to the end of Goswell-street road.
Q. Did he tell you what you were to go for? - A. No; when I got there, Morris came up and laid hold of the fore-horse, and led him into the brick-field, and there I saw this quantity of tow; I said, in the name of God what have you got here; he said, never mind, turn your cart about, and take it up; they were all there then; when Chandler and I came with the cart, I found the other three there, and they were all present when it was put into the cart; I told them I would not take it up; Morris said, damn you, must take it up, there is no harm can come of it, and I did take it up; I took it home, and they all went with me.
Q. Which way did you go house? - A. Down the City-road, and up Mr. Scott's lane, that leads up to Mr. Scott's brick fields, by the Rosemarry-branch, and to the Lead Mills, I drove it into our own yard, Mr. Norris's; I took the horses out, and told them I should have no further to do with it, and put the horses in the stable, and they put it into a grain hole, and wished me a good morning; Chandler asked me if he could sleep at my house, I said, yes, he could.
Q. Did you see the flax put into this grain hole? - A. No; I saw them carry it that way; I was very badly frightened.
Jury. Q. Did they pay you any money for the hire of your cart? - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You have told us the truth about the matter? - A. I hope so, when I have taken my oath upon it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Jackson. Q. How often have you been here before? - A. Never in all my life.
Q. Were you never apprehended before? - A. I never was before.

Q. You were servant some time to Mr. Thomson the coal-merchant? - A. Yes.
Q. How came you to part with him? - A. On the 1st of August all the men struck for wages, and I did not go to work as the others did, and he would not let me go to work.
Q. Did he not scandalously charge you with a little misbehaviour? - A. Never.
Q. If he should be here, and say so, he would not swear truly? - A. No.
Q. And no one charged you with any misdemeanor in Mr. Thomson's service? - A. No.
Q. Upon your oath? - A. Yes.
Q. These men were all at your house the evening before? - A. Yes.
Q. Playing at skittles? - A. There is no skittle-ground; they were playing at four corners.
Q. You have never been before a Magistrate before? - A. No.
Q. Then the story about the tin is all untrue? - A. I moved the tin for Chandler and Salmon.
Q. Then you have been before a Magistrate before? - A. It is all one concern; they were all taken up.
Q. When did you fetch the tin away? - A. In May.
Q. How much did you let your cart for when you fetched the tin? - A. They were to satisfy me for my trouble.
Jury. Q. Did they ever do that? - A. No.
Mr. Jackson. Q. And when you were before the Magistrate, and the tin story came out, you thought it best to run away? - A. There was a man swore a very wrong thing against me, it was proved that he took a false oath.
Q. Which so alarmed you that you run away? - A. I did not know but that man would swear my life away.
Q. You were brought back and hand-cuffed? - A. Yes.
Q. During all this time, you have described you only worked for Mr. Norris; you had no suspicion of any thing going on wrong? - A. I had not.
Q. And when Armstrong asked you about the cart, you told him truly at once all about it? - A. Yes.
Q. Then Armstrong has swore falsely, if he has said you denied it? - A. Yes.
Q. Then you let out carts and horses? - A. I transact Mr. Norris's business for him.
Q. What is he? - A. He deals in butter and pigs.
Q. How many other things besides? - A. I don't know.
Q. Did it never happen to him to be taken up, within your knowledge? - A. Never.
Q. You had not the curiosity to ask what goods they were going to move? - A. No.
Q. It was all the same to you what kind of goods they had to move? - A. I did not ask them.
Q. But very innocently went and fetched the cart, without asking what they would give you for it, or what you were to fetch? - A. They said they would satisfy me for my trouble.
Q. Which of them happened to say they would satisfy you for your trouble? - A. Townsend.
Q. Chandler was pretty merry at your house the night before? - A. They had been there, and were merry, and a great many more.
Q. You remember Chandler being pretty drunk the night before, don't you? - A. I cannot say the man was drunk.
Q. Was not he so drunk that he was obliged go to-bed? - A. No, he was not; he did not go to-bed till morning.
Q. You let lodgings? - A. Yes.
Q. You did not see the flax put into the grain hole? - A. No.
Q. And when you said, I will have nothing to do with it, you had no suspicion then, I suppose? - A. I did not know what to make of it; I did not think it was come honestly by, and I was very badly frightened.
Q. You did not know any thing about the tin being hid under the dung? - A. It was not hid under the dung, it was under a manger, where any body that came into the stable might see it.
Q. Did not you say before the Magistrate, that it was hid under the dung, in your information? - A. No.
Q. All you have been telling now is as true as that? - A. What I have said is true.
Q. Mr. Lee was so good as to intimate to you, that if you discovered other persons and cleared yourself, you would be safe? - A. I never saw Mr. Lee.
Q. Mr. James intimated that to you, I believe? - A. He told me, now young man, do you tell who had your cart; you cannot be hurt in it; and I said, I would tell him who had my cart, and I did.
Q. And that you understood as the only means of saving yourself? - A. I did not know the dangers of it, till such time as I saw it.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Before you were handcuffed you gave the account of the tin to the Magistrate? - A. Yes.
Q. This tin four people were concerned in? - A. No; Chandler and Salmon were the two people I had the tin from.
Q. You have been asked, whether you made any bargain? You made no particular bargain, but they told you they would satisfy you? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. What trade are these people? - A. They work at the water-side as coal-porters.



                  ELIZABETH
                   BEDELL
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of the last witness; I know the prisoners.
Q. Do you remember them all coming to your house the night before this robbery? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember your husband and Chandler sleeping in your house? - A. I don't know that Chandler slept there; my husband was called up early in the morning; that is all I know about it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Jackson. Q. I believe you know the gentlemen were so good as to say they would let your husband off if he would turn evidence? - A. I don't know any such thing. (The property was produced.)
Robertson. This bundle was wrought by one Leach, and this by one Knowles; it is their manner of tying them up; I have not the smallest doubt they are Mr. Lee's.
Mr. Jackson. Q. Different workmen work in the same way? - A. I examine all the work myself, and what is not done properly I return; and what is done properly I make up; there is but one other shop in town that lays down flax in this manner, of this sort of flax; this is only fit for sail-cloth and sacking.
Q. If that was among half a dozen other bundles you would not have been able to pick it out? - A. Yes, I should; I know it by the lay down; I am sure it is Mr. Lee's property.
Chandler's defence. I know nothing at all about the robbery; I slept at Bedell's that night; there were fises and drums and dancing, and I was pretty much in liquor, and slept there; that is all I know about it.
Townsend's defence. I know nothing at all of the robbery.
Morris's defence. I know nothing at all of the matter.
Brown's defence. That afternoon I went over to Bedell's, and sat there the afternoon drinking and smoaking till near eleven o'clock, in company with one Lawrence; I know nothing at all about it.
Brown, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Chandler, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 26.) Townsend, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 54.) Morris, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 32.) 





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before The Right Hon. the LORD CHIEF BARON.
