






203. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     PATTEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  JAMES
               




             were indicted for 


               breaking andentering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of eight in the night of the 25th of January
, and burglariously stealing 3 pieces of printed calico, containing 15 yards, value 40s. the property of the said 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Jones
                     



.
EDWARD EVANS sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Jones, a linen-draper
, in Oxford-street


; I know nothing of the robbery.
THOMAS GRIFFITHS sworn.
I was informed that these two boys were in custody at the Police Office, in Lambeth-street, Whitechapel; I went and asked the jailor to let me speak to them, and Patten informed me that they had taken these prints from a shop in Oxford-road, about seven o'clock in the evening of the 25th of January; James was then locked up in another apartment; the goods were in the possession of Beare, the officer; I went with him to No. 108, Oxford-road, where there was a pane of glass broke out of the window, down very low, almost at the ground; it was the lower part of the glass that was broke; they could not take the prints from there, and they pulled out the other part of the glass, and got the goods; then we went into Mr. Jones's shop; I went in with the prisoner, and saw two of the shopmen there, and asked if they had lost any thing; they said they did not know that they had; I told them we had two lads in custody; I told them what Patten had informed me; they said they would come the next morning and look at the prints, they did not know whether they had lost any or not; I then took the lad to the house of correction, and left him there.


                  JOSEPH
                   BEARE
               



             sworn.
Between the hours of nine and ten, on the 25th of January, I stopped James, the short lad, with the prints; the tall one ran away; I pursued him, and took him, concealed in a privy; I carried them before a Magistrate; and that is all I know.
Evans. There is our mark upon two of them; they are Mr. Jones's property; the other has no mark.
Q. When had you seen them in Mr. Jones's possession? - A. I cannot exactly say the day.
Patten's defence. When the gentleman came in, he said, if I would tell him how I got them, he would let me go, and that I should have plenty of drink: I have nothing more to say.
James's defence. The gentleman said, if I would tell him where I got them, he would let me go about my business.
Q.(To Griffiths). Did you tell him, if he would tell you where he he got them, you would let him go, or give him drink? - A. No, neither.(The prisoner James called four witnesses, who all gave him a good character).
Both


                GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 39s
            .
Patten. (Aged 17.)
James. (Aged 18.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
