





144. 
               
                  
                     NATHANIEL 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th day of January
 last, one calico wrapper, value 1 s. three other wrappers, value 20 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Hubert 
                           Hussey
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Jacob 
                           Wood
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wood
                        



.


                  HUBERT
                   HUSSEY
               



             sworn.
I am a warehouseman
: on Monday, the 30th of January, I had a suspicion of the prisoner's honesty, and meant to discharge him; he begged I would not; I said, if you will shew me your lodging, and I do not find any property of mine, I shall very much alter my opinion of you; he consented; I went there, and in a room up one pair of stairs found little or nothing; this little child said, there was another room up two pair of stairs; there was a quantity of calico, and three gowns of purple print; there were two boxes, two or three remants of waxed wrappers, and three lawn handkerchiefs; we could not find the key of this room, and so he consented to have it broke open; I said nothing to induce him to confess; we never sell the waxed wrappers; the prisoner was our porter
: the prisoner asked for the boxes, and the waxed wrappers, and was refused.


                  ROBERT
                   ELLWINE
               



             sworn.
I went with him to his lodgings; he told us he had only that room, and we went down stairs; when we came there, he opened some drawers, but there was one which was locked up, and he said he could not find the key; his child said her mother had it, and the key of the two pair of stairs; at which he seemed angry, and shook his fistat her; we found two boxes; one was marked; there was in one of them many quires of paper: when he was detected, the prisoner said, for God's sake, Mr. Hussey, interfere, and do not hurt me! I said, you are a damned rascal, you ought to be hanged: he did say that one of the boxes was given him by one of the porters.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. The printed calico was made up in gowns? - It was.
Did you not say it would be better for him, if he confessed? - I did not; he said there was a box there.
Do not these porters consider these boxes as perquisites? - No.
Did you swear at him before or after? - I don't recollect.
- CROSS sworn.
I am a constable: on Monday Mr. Hussey called, and told me he wanted a constable; I went with him, and found this box, and these things in them (produced); they have been kept at Mr. Hussey's ever since; they were sealed at the Mansion-house.
(The box deposed to, and the contents.)
- JONES sworn.
All I know about the box is, that it is my master's; there is my master's name upon it.
Mr. Knapp. These boxes you consider as perquisites? - We cut them up for firewood, some of them, not all.
(The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
