





306. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GOLDSMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault on the King's highway, on the 26th of February
, on 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bunny
                        




                     
                  , with a certain offensive weapon and instrument called a clasp knife, with a felonious intent to take the money of the said 
                     
                        William
                         Bunny
                     



                  , from his person and against his will, feloniously to steal against the form of the statute
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BUNNY
               



             sworn.
I am a baker
; I was assaulted in Stepney-fields


, on Tuesday the 26th of February; I was stopped by George Goldsmith, the prisoner; I am sure it was the prisoner, I had never seen him before, it was at half after six o'clock in the evening; it was not dark then; I could see about thirty yards before me; I saw the prisoner about thirty yards before I came up to him, as I was on one side and he on the other; when he was three paces off me he presented a knife to me, and said, you bloody buggar either your life or your money; and he flashed the knife across my face; I says, my friend you don't mean what you say; says he, what I say I mean; I said, I am a poor man I had only a few halfpence; you buggar then, says he, you have a watch; he still kept attempting to cut me with the knife, but I sprung back from him; I told him I had nothing but halfpence; says he, you buggar, halfpence will not do, you have got silver; I told him I had not, I see a man coming the same way as the prisoner came, when the person came up he asked what was the matter? not knowing at first but he might be an accomplice, I said, I don't know; he said, does he want to rob you? no, says the prisoner, I don't want to rob him, I am going to Blackwall, we were all three together, I turned about and I saw another man coming, and when he came up I told him that prisoner had a large knife behind him; the man went to look and he made a push directly at the man's side, but did not cut him, but cut through his two jackets; he still kept piercing two or three times more at the man's side, and then he ran about ten or twenty yards towards Whitechapel-road; the man says, I will have you; the person follows him and threw the prisoner against the bank; I came up at the time; the prisoner had got the knife and said, buggar you if you don't let me go I will cut your bowels out; I got hold of his wrist and said to the other man, now take the knife I have got hold of his hand, and then we secured him, he never was twenty yards from us.
Prisoner. I was a quarter of an hour out of his sight? - He never was from us.
Court. How long might all this take up? - I suppose the whole of it did not exceed seven minutes, the whole time of his attempting to cut me and having the scuffle with him, and securing him; I will be on my oath of it.



                  SAMUEL
                   BUNNY
               



             sworn.
I was coming from whitechapel the same way as the prisoner was, and just as I got through the cow lare, I saw the man and the prisoner, and when I came up I see the prisoner with his hand, as if something was in it, and I said what is the matter? the other said, he did not know, thinking I was a companion; I pursued and we took him; he was never ten yards from us.


                  EDWARD
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I was the person who came up; I had been over the hedge to ease my self, and I saw the prisoner come up to Mr. Bunny with the knife, here is the knife; I see Mr. Bunny, the other evidence, come up; I asked Mr. Bunny what was the matter? I saw him cut at Mr. Bunny across the neck; I asked does the man want to rob you? Mr. Bunny said, yes, he has got a long knife behind him; I immediately laid my head on one side to look, and he immediately shoved it into my jackets, which with that I said, O Lord help me! for I am done; I then said I will take you now; with that he ran about twelve yards or so, and I ran up to him and pushed him to an hedge, and we took him; going along to the magistrate he tried to pick the knife out of my pocket and when he could not do that he tried to get another knife out of his own pocket, says, he I am done; now says I, what must my wife and family have done had you killed me? says he, I might as well have killed you and saved myself.
Prisoner. I belong to the William Pitt at Blackwall, and I was going strait over the fields, and this man said I pretended to rob him; and I had no such a thing as a knife about me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 32.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
