





692. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KNIGHT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of October
, a cotton handkerchief, value 1 s. the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        O'Brian
                     




                   privately from his person
            .
JOHN O'BRIAN sworn.
I am a servant
, I was out of place at the time I was robbed, it was the 7th of October, between eight and nine o'clock at night, it happened in Oxford-road


; I was going up Oxford-road, my wife and I were together, she had hold of my arm; I saw two men after me, they were coming on pretty close, I drew mywife in towards the houses, for to make way for the two young men that were coming on, and I looked on before me and I did not see them pass.
Q. Did they pass you and your wife? - No, they did not, but I thought they wanted to pass, they were in such a hurry. A gentleman came up and tapped me on the shoulder, he said sir, you have lost your pocket handkerchief; the gentleman's name is Joet. Sir, says I, if you have got any handkerchief it is not mine, because I have not pulled out my handkerchief; no, says he, the two men that past you have pulled it out of your pocket, and if you will go with me I will shew you the way they went. I went with him, they got into the next street from Wardour-street; they walked on very smart before us, and when they found that we walked on smart after them they began to run.
Q. Do you know the name of the street? - Noel-street; they got into Wardour-street, and I bawled out stop thief! and I came up to the prisoner at the bar, and knocked him down at a building in Wardour-street.
Q. Was it this man you knocked down or the other? - This is the man, the other got on before me, he made his escape, he was not taken at all.
Q. Was any thing found on the prisoner? - I took my handkerchief from under his arm forcibly.
Q. What was your handkerchief? - A cotton one.
Q. How do you know it was your's? - It had three or four darns in it, and in taking it from him he tore it; I did miss such an handkerchief the very minute the young man spoke to me, I am sure it is my handkerchief.
Q. When had you last seen it in your pocket? - In Monmouth-street; he wanted me to let him go, and I said I would not, he turned about, and by the light of the lamp I see he 
               
                  drew
               


             a spring knife out of his pocket, and he cut me across the wrist.
Q. Did you lose sight of him after that? - I did, he got away from me after that, he cut me before he got away.
Q. What street was this he cut you in? - Wardour-street.
Q. How soon after did you see him after you lost sight of him? - In a very few minutes, near Wardour-street, in a public house.
Q. How did you know that was the same man? Was there other people in the public house? - Yes, there was many more; Mr. Johnson heard the word stop thief! and he pursued him as I am informed, and took the knife from him, and gave him to the runners.
Q. How came you to the public house? - There was a man that came to Mr. O'Conner's, the apothecary, in Wardour-street; I was there to get my hand dressed.
Q. Who came to you there? - I don't know. And he told me the prisoner was at the public house, and that I must come and make my appearance and know the man, or else the runners could not keep him, so I was obliged to run through the street.
Q. Did the runners point him out or did you know him? - I knew him by his dress and appearance and being pock marked; I had had him by the light of a lamp that I could see him plain by.
Q. What distance of time might there be between the time he cut you, and the time you saw him in the public house? - About five minutes. Then I went back to the apothecary, and got my hand dressed and stitched, and have been lame ever since; I have no doubt but that is the man that took the handkerchief from me, and that he cut me in my wrist.


                  JOSHUA
                   JOET
               



             sworn.
I am an ironmonger; I was passing the street at the time, it was in Oxford-road;I saw two men behind O'Brian and his wife.
Court to O'Brian. Did you feel his hand in your pocket at all? - No, I did not.
Q. Had you any suspicion of being robbed at all? - No, none at all.
Q. You felt nothing about you to induce you to think you was robbed? - No, nothing.
Q. What might the value of this handkerchief be? - I gave three and sixpence, three and nine-pence halfpenny we call it, about seven months ago.
Joet. I saw these men, the prisoner and the other man who is not here, who escaped, just coming behind O'Brian and I saw them keep looking back to see whether O'Brian noticed their having taken any thing from him, they had the handkerchief in their hand.
Q. Which of them? - I am not certain, but I think it was this man at the bar.
Q. Did you see either of them take it? - I did not; I went on making belief as if I did not notice them, then they crossed over the way, then I ran back and asked O'Brain whether he had lost his handkerchief? he felt in his pocket and found he had. so I went with him and went down Berwick-street and turned down Noel-street, and seeing this man and another before us, I said there were the men, just after I said so they set off running and turned round into Wardour-street, we caught this one just at the top of Wardour-street, O'Brian knocked him down.
Q. From the time that you saw the prisoner and the other man with the handkerchief, till the time you saw him knocked down, was he out of your sight? - Yes, he was while I turned round to tell O'Brian.
Q. Where did you first see him again? - In Noel-street.
Q. Are you sure that the prisoner, the man that was knocked down, is the same that was in Oxford-street passing the prosecutor? - Yes, I am sure it was.
Q. What passed when you got to Wardour-street? - I see him knocked down by O'Brian, the prisoner got up again, and O'Brian took the handkerchief from the prisoner after he was up.
Q. Did the prisoner do any thing to O'Brian? - He cut his wrist, he made two attempts, he first cut his coat.
Q. Who kept the handkerchief? - O'Brian.
Q. What became of him, did he get away or did he not? - He cut him and then O'Brian was forced to let him go.
Q. Was he pursued by any other people? - I don't know who pursued him, he was pursued by other people.
Prisoner. Ask the witness whether he can swear which was the pocket that the handkerchief came from? - No, I did not see the robbery committed.


                  WILLIAM
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to a banking house; I was at the end of Dean-street, I heard a cry and saw the prisoner running, coming from Wardour-street towards the end of Chapel-street; I made towards him, and while I was in the act of seizing him, I heard people say take care, take care, he has a knife, on which I was determined to secure him, which I seized him by the collar, and threw him to the ground with his face towards the ground, and putting my knee upon him I took this knife from under him; I did not perceive it till I suffered him to rise in consequence of the patrole coming up to take care of him; I delivered him into the patrole's hand, and desired search might bemade after the gentleman that was robbed, and consequently I ordered them to take him into a public house in Oxford-road, between Wardour-street and Chapel-street. Joet joined the pursuit and told me to take care of the knife; when the prosecutor came into the public house, I asked him if that was the man that had so cut and robbed him? he declared that it was.


                  SAMUEL
                   SKEATE
               



             sworn
I am a patrole belonging to Bow-street. On the 7th of October, between eight and nine; I and two the same as myself, were on the beat in Oxford-road; and I heard the alarm crying out stop thief! behind me; I ran up and saw a good many people, and some came up and told me what was the matter, and Mr. Johnson had the knife in his hand, and he said this person has been cutting with this knife.
Q. Did you see the prisoner on the ground? - I did not, he was on his feet, at the time the other two patroles had took hold of him, one of each arm.
Q. Was he carried to the public house? - He was, in Oxford-road.
Q. Did the prosecutor come there? - He did.
Q. Did he know the prisoner? - Yes.


                  DANIEL
                   MACLARIN
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole of Bow-street; the first that I saw of the prisoner we were going down Oxford-road; I saw him first between Wardour-street and Chapel-street, in Mr. Johnson's custody, they were just tumbled down both together, as I got up Mr. Johnson happened to give him a throw, and they came down both together.
Q. Did you see any knife? - Yes, as I got hold of his collar to raise him up one Clark, a patrole, had hold of the other side; the knife was laying just under his belly, as near as I can guess.
Q. Was he carried to a public-house? - he was.


                  SAMUEL
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole, I came up with Maclarin, I did not see more than he did, we were both together.
Prisoner. I had been to Swallow-street to see my aunt, at about half after eight I was coming down Berwick-street, and I heard an outcry of stop thief! a man in a blue coat runs past me and heaves an handkerchief down, and I walked on; this here gentleman, Mr. O'Brian, immediately catched hold of me and knocked me down, and said I was the man that robbed him, and took an handkerchief from my own pocket, and said how that was his handkerchief, another gentleman came up and brought his handkerchief, and said there was the handkerchief the man had stole.
Court to Prosecutor. In what manner was this handkerchief under his arm open or wrapt up? - He had it under his arm put outside of his coat, and had hold of it with the other hand; another handkerchief was taken from him after I had taken him.
Johnson. In going back to the public house this handkerchief, which was not the prosecutor's, lay on the pavement, and I picked it up.
Court to Prosecutor. Where was the public house? - In Oxford-road, below Wardour-street.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing but not privately from the person.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
