





402. 
               
                  
                     JEMIMA 
                     ROLFE
                  , alias 
WEBB





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Hutchins
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of three in the day-time, no person being therein, and feloniously stealing one black silk cloak, value 10 s. a muslin apron, value 2 s. 6 d. a lawn apron, value 2 s. three bound books, value 1 s. 6 d. one pair of woollen stockings, value 6 d. and other wearing apparel, his property
            .


                  EDWARD
                   HUTCHINS
               



             sworn.
I am a labouring-man
; I keep house in the parish of Hayes


; my house was broke open in the morning; my wife was last out of, and first into the house.


                  MARY
                   HUTCHINS
               



             sworn.
My house was broke open about a month back. In the morning I went out after my husband, and fastened the door; I locked it: the house was secure; I came out about seven in the morning, and returned about seven in the evening: a board was taken down from the back-part of the house, a place that any person might get through; I found the back-door open; I missed a silk cloak, a muslin apron, a lawn apron (repeats the articles in the indictment) I suspected 
               
                  Jane
                   Rolfe
               



            ; she was at my house in the morning, and wanted a lodging. My husband found the things upon her; I should know them again.


                  Edward
                   Hutchins
               



            . I do not recollect the day of the month the robbery was done; it was on Tuesday; on Thursday I found her at Brentford; the cloak was on her arm, and the other things in a bundle; I have kept the things ever since.
(The things produced.)
It was light when we went out, and when we returned. The handkerchief is marked S; the coloured apron was marked; these two books belong to us; she made away with one of them; before the justice she said she picked the mark out of the cheque apron.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            

(Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
