





526. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PENNY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, ten pair of cotton hose, value 30 s. fourteen pair of childrens cotton hose, value 18 s. a linen shirt, value 1 s. a silver salt spoon, value 1 s. 6 d. a silver tea spoon, value 1 s. 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Robert
                         Read
                     



.


                  CHARLES
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I live in Crane-court, Butcher-row


; I am a servant
 in the Temple; I lodgein the house of 
               
                  Robert
                   Read
               



            . Yesterday about two o'clock I lost ten pair of womens cotton stockings, value 1 l. 10 s. eighteen pair of childrens cotton stockings, value 18 s. a shirt, value 1 s. a silver salt spoon, value 1 s. 6 d. a silver tea spoon, value 1 s. 6 d. They were taken from the lower part of the house; I rent the parlour, and kitchen, and the room on the second floor; these were taken from the parlour, they were taken away about two or a very little after, I was not at home at the time, I knew it about an hour after they were taken, which was about a quarter past three; I saw my things again part of them at my own house, and part at the watch-house; he dropped some in the passage, and the rest were found on him at the watch-house.
Q. Who picked those up in the passage? - My wife. I have got the stockings that were dropped in the passage, and the constable has the rest; I received them of my wife,
Q. Do you know them again? - I do. (Produced and deposed to.) They are new stockings; I deal in them, I know that I bought them by the bills that I can shew for them, and I have my own private mark on them.


                  LYDIA
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of the last witness. I came up and saw the man the prisoner at the bar, come and take them off; I hallooed stop thief! I am sure he is the man, I never let him go out of my sight till he was taken, and brought back again; he ran away when I came up; the stockings lay in the passage till I came up, and I picked them up again; I delivered them to my husband.
- sworn.
I am the constable; I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody, not being at home, as I past by the watch-house, and seeing a crowd there I went in, I asked if he was searched? they said no; I searched him, and found these two spoons in his breeches, not in his pocket, I unbuttoned his breeches, they were wrapped in a cloth, and I found the shirt in one of his pockets, his right hand pocket I believe; after that he was taken to a magistrate, and committed. (The spoons, shirt, &c. deposed to by 
               
                  Lydia
                   Smith
               



            .
Prisoner. I had none of them about me, the spoons were found under the bench.
Constable. I took them first of all out of his breeches, and laid them on the bench, and somebody said what a fool to be searched so easy; and I turned round to see who dare say so, and he snatched up the spoons, and threw them under the bench himself.



GUILTY,
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. (Aged 33.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
