





583. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BUSHELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of September
, two quart pewter pots, value 2s. three pint pewter pots, value 18d. and a half pint pot, value 4d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Broomhall
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   BROOMHALL
               



             sworn.
I am a publican
 in Goodman's-yard, Goodman's-fields


: I lost a great number of pots; the prisoner worked in the house as a carpenter
; I found five pots in his apartment; I went into Mr. Briggs's shop, and he ran away out of one shop into another.
Q. How do you know it was his apartment that you found them in? - A.His wife unlocked the door, and there they were found; I have not gotthem here; but I have got one here, (producing a pint pot), which I found upon him; I saw this taken from him in Mr. Briggs's shop, it has my name upon it, I am sure it is mine.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Was not that pot found in a common open shop? - A. He was pursued.
Q. Upon your oath was it not found in the shop? - A. It was in the shop; and he told me he was very sorry he was guilty of such a thing.
Q. Did not you tell him he had much better tell all about it, that you would be kind to him? - A. No; I should be very sorry to say that to him; he owned to every thing.
Q. It was found in Briggs's open carpenter's shop? - A. He ran away; and he hid it under the shavings.
Q. Did you see him do that? - A. I saw him run from one shop to the other as soon as ever he saw me.
Q. Where was it found? - A. In Mr. Briggs's shop, by a chest.
Q. Briggs's is an open shop, is it not? - A. Yes.
Q. It is where a number of men work? - A. I pursued the man there, and found the pot.
Mr. Knowlys. If you choose to behave in that manner, I shall not condescend to ask you another question, but leave you with the Jury and let them judge of it.


                  MARGARET
               


             M'CARTHY sworn.
I live with Mr. Broomhall; I saw the prisoner take a pint pot off the landing-place about six o'clock in the morning, and take it away.
Q. Was it that pint pot? - A. I cannot say that it was that.
Q. Did you go after him to his workshop? - A. No; my master did.
Q. Do you know whether the pint pot that was in the window was your master's pot? - A. To the best of my knowledge it was.
Q. Did you go to his lodgings? - A. No.


                  JAMES
                   BRIGGS
               



             sworn.
The prisoner worked for me two months; he worked one of the months at Mr. Broomhall's; I was informed he had stole a pint pot; I saw the pint pot found in the shop crammed behind his bench where he worked; I never suffer any beer to come into the shop.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. He has worked well with you? - A. Yes, with good looking after; he was tried here last session, I believe, for stealing tools.
Prisoner's defence. I am quite innocent of the charge; I was at Broomhall's at the time, but it never entered into my head to be guilty of so mean a thing as to steal a pint pot; it is a malicious thing of that girl against me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
