






367. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SAWYER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of February
 last, one glass tumbler, value 1 d. one crown piece, eight half crowns, two pieces of foreign silver coin, value 4 s. 6 d. and forty-five shillings and sixpence, in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jackson
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I am a victualler
. I keep the sign of the Magdalen, Pimlico


. I lost the things in the indictment from my house on Thursday morning, the 25th of February; I last saw them the 24th, at night; the two prisoners were my servants, cook
 and pot-boy
; I missed the things from the top of a beer drainer, that we put the pots on; they were in a glass; on the 24th of February, at night; I was going to bed; the rest of the family, but the bar maid, were gone to bed; I search the house every night; I locked the bar door; I had the silver in a tumbler, in my hand, and I set it on the beer drainer, which was close on the outside of the bar door; I intended going into the cellar, which I did, and left the tumbler there; coming up stairs; my wife lay in; and somebody knocked for me, and I ran up stairs, and talking, I forgot the silver: in the morning when I came down stairs I recollected my silver, and missed it; I am positive to leaving it there; I made every secret enquiry; my suspicion fell on 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Smith
               



            ; I ordered her up stairs, and left her there till I had searched the kitchen where she was washing; I found a glass was thrown into the copper fire, and was melted; it was a tumbler, because three parts of the rim of the tumbler remained, having gone through the grate whole; I discharged her: it rested till Thursday, the 11th of March, when the prisoner, 
               
                  William
                   Sawyer
               



            , brought me one of the French half crowns, which he said he had taken from Mr. Carr's lodger, for beer; I believe one pot; I knew it to be mine; there is a hole in it, and I believe very near through it; there is a wage between the flower de luce and the crown; I have kept it separate from my other money; I said to him, this is the very half crown that was among the silver that was stole; he made little or no reply, and went into the tap room; he did not ask for the change; he asked me in the course of the evening if I had been over to Mr. Carr's lodger? I told him, I had, and they were out; he staid all that night in his business, as usual, and in the morning he absconded; that was on the 12th; on the 13th, in the morning, I took him, and charged him with the robbery; I told him I should take him to Bow-street, and have him examined; going down Oxford-street he wished to go into a house, and tell me the matter; he told me, that on the 25th of February she gave him the money, and he hid it in the cellar, under one of the stones the beer is placed on; that on the 26th or 27th she met him, and asked him if he had the money; desired him to bring the money, and they would divide it; at the same time he threw me down two half crowns and a shilling, all that was left; I marked it, and it is here; I have nothing more to say.
(The confession handed up.)
This is the prisoner's mark, and Mr. Bond's hand writing.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROBERTSON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to 
               
                  George
                   Brown
               



            , salesman, in Monmouth-street: the prisoners boughtclothes of me at my master's, on Tuesday. the 2d of March.
(The confession read.)
"(Middlesex, to wit.) The voluntary
"examination and confession of William
"Sawyer, charged with felony, taken before
"me, the 13th of March, 1790; who
"says, that on Wednesday fortnight, he
"and 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Smith
               



             were servants to
"Mr. Jackson, that about three she got
"up to work; and about half past six
"called him into the kitchen, and said,
"what do you think your master has
"done? and took out a quantity of silver,
"saying her master had left it on the top
"of the cellar stairs; she said, what shall
"we do? he said, you know best; she
"said, let us keep it; she wrapped it in a
"cloth; he carried it into the cellar; she
"was discharged, and met him, and gave
"him a direction to her lodgings, to bring
"the money there, where they parted the
"money, amounting to one pound seventeen
"shillings and sixpence, after which
"they went together to Mr. Dawson's, in
"Monmouth-street, where this examinant
"bought a coat, waistcoat, and breeches,
"for twenty shillings; a pair of stockings,
"and silk handkerchief, and a stuff coat,
"for his mother, for three shillings and
"sixpence; after which they drank together,
"and parted.
"Taken before me, 
               
                  NICHOLAS
                   BOND
               



            ."
Witness


                  JOHN
                   UMPAGE
               



            . 
               
                  JOHN
                   JACKSON
               



            .
Prisoner Sawyer. I am quite innocent.


                  WILLIAM
                   SAWYER
               



            , GUILTY,




               Of stealing two shillings and sixpence
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   SMITH
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
