





221. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MOYSES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, three cloath coats value 17 s. two pair of shoes value 7 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Sullivan
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William
                         Williams
                     



.


                  WILLIAM
                   SULLIVAN
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came into his lodging between 11 and 12 at night; we slept together in Long-alley


; I understood him to be a lawyer
; the prisoner came to bed; I had a trunk in the room which I suppose he broke open, I suppose so, for I went to sleep; I found the prisoner in Half-moon-alley, Bishopsgate-street, which is very near where we lodged; I laid hold of him and he struck me on the face; he went out about half past three, and it struck me it was an early hour for him to go to work. I had a new pair of shoes lying on the table, and I thought he might move them; I got out of bed and discovered that I was robbed, and put on my night-cap and an old pair of shoes (he had taken away every part of my wearing apparel) and pursued him, and took the things from him: he was taken before the Lord Mayor, and was committed.


                  THOMAS
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
Produces (the things mentioned in the indictment) the prisoner and the things were brought to the watch-house, he did not deny then any thing but the silk handkerchief; every thing I delivered to the prosecutor I marked before I delivered them to him; these are the things I took from the prisoner and delivered to the prosecutor.


                  WILLIAM
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I stopped the prisoner in Half-moon Alley, and helped to take him to the watch-house; he was running away from the prosecutor when I stopped him.




               GUILTY. 39 s
            . (Aged 27.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


