





588. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ELLISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of June
, acanvas wrapper, value 1 s. 6 d. and a hundred and twenty pair of worsted stockings, value 9 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Shelly
                  




               
            .
- WORRALL sworn.


                  John
                   Shelly
               



             is a carrier
, I am his bookkeeper. He lost a canvas bag, and stockings from the Castle, in Wood street


, the parcel was in the yard, just by the warehouse door, just unloaded from the waggon; I saw the man bring the parcel back again, I did not see him take it, I saw it put down at the warehouse door from the waggon; I have got the bill of lading of the waggon, it came by post.


                  THOMAS
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I am a manufacturer of Kendal stockings; I sent these stockings from Kendal the 15th of June, there were ten dozen, or a hundred and twenty pair, they were tied up in single dozens, and put in a canvas wrapper, I tied them up my own self, the stockings are here, they were sent by 
               
                  John
                   Shelly
               



            's waggon.
Q. Was there any shop mark on them? - There is.
Mr. Knapp. We understand that this canvas wrapper containing some stockings were to be sent by the Kendal waggon? - It was.
Q. I take it for granted you employ a great many servants under you? - Not a great many.
Q. Did you deliver these goods yourself, or sent a servant with them? - I delivered them myself to the porter, that comes about, his name is 
               
                  Thomas
                   Beech
               



            ; but I see they were entered in the carrier's book
Q. But the person to whom you delivered them is not here.


                  JOHN
                   COX
               



             sworn.
I have a bill of parcels that came by the post, of these goods; I am servant to Barlow and Marsh, they are hosiers, No. 57, Gracechurch-street.
Court to Wilson. To whom were these consigned? - To Barlow and Marsh, Gracechurch-street. (Shewn the bill of parcels.) This is the bill of parcels that I sent.


                  RICHARD
                   ARGENT
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Mr. Shelly; I was sitting in the warehouse, and I saw a man come up the yard, and he looked into the warehouse, and looked into the counting house, and he went up, and came back, and I heard a rustling among the straw, and I looked out, and I saw him with the truss on his back, and I went after him, and overtook him just at the gateway, I took hold of him, and told him that he must not take that away without letting me know what business he had with it, he said he bought this and another.
Court to Wilson. Where does Mr. Shelley live? - He lives at a place called Smitherbrook, near Wigan, he is the London carrier.
- WORRALL sworn.
Q. Whose yard is that? - The Castle yard, it belongs to me.
Q. Do not you look on yourself, as answerable for all property that is put down at your door? - The carrier pays me warehouse room for it.
Mr. Wilson. Do you know whether Mr. Shelly has any partner? - Not that I know of; he collects the bills in himself at Kendal.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 32.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
