





184. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of January
, one thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight iron screws; value 15s. eighteen thousand nails, value 1l. and three thousand other nails, value 35s. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Knight
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Knight
                        



                     
                  , in their dwelling-house
            .


                  RICHARD
                   KNIGHT
               



             sworn.
I live in Foster-lane


; I am in partnership with William Knight, my father
; the prisoner was a servant
 in the family; I had missed a variety of articles, and seeing the prisoner frequently go out in an evening with her apron gathered up, as if she had something in it, my suspicions fell upon her. On Saturday evening, the 30th of January, seeing her go out in the manner I have described, I desired my brother to follow her, which he did, and, on his return, related what he had seen; I desired him to mark a variety of articles she was likely to take, to mark them on the back, which he did. The next day, being Sunday, in the morning before the family went to church, the parcels remained the same as they were in the evening, in the different holes of the shop; after returning from church, about one o'clock, there were several of them missing; the prisoner was the only person left at home that morning; in the evening, about six o'clock, it is the custom of my mother to send the servants to church, and thinking that the might take that opportunity of taking the goods, I went down in the shop in the dark, and disposed myself so as to have a full view of the prisoner, without being discovered myself; after waiting some time, the prisoner came down stairs, apparently with a heavy bundle in her hand, and went out, I immediately followed her, and before she had got ten or a dozen yards from the door, I overlook her, and taking hold of her arm, I desired to know what she had got; she made answer, what was that to me; I desired her to come back and let me see what it was, she refused; my brother coming up, took hold of her other arm; she then came back with us; taking the parcel from her, we discovered it to be very heavy; we then sent for Woodman, the constable; we examined the parcel, and it consisted of a variety of screws and nails that had been marked the preceding evening,(producing them): the constable examined her box and bed-chamber, in her presence, and found a quantity of nails concealed on a shall behind her bed, that had been marked the evening before; they were delivered to the constable, who has had them in his possession ever since.
Q.Does any body else sleep in this bed-room besides herself? - A. No; those found upon her were tied up in parcels; thousands, two thousands, and so on, as they were marked in the shop
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. There are a variety of articles in the indictment more than were found upon her? - A. There were some in the bed-room, and some found upon her.
Q. The parcels found in the bed-room, and those taken upon her, were nearly the same quantity? - A. Yes.
Q. She had an opportunity of taking them at different times? - A. I don't know; those in the bed-room that were marked, must have been taken between the time of marking them, and the time they were found.
Court. Do you know what number of parcels were marked? - A. No; I don't know what parcels in particular; my brother marked them.
GRORGE KNIGHT sworn.
I am brother to the last witness; I marked several parcels of nails on the Saturday; these are three of the parcels I marked; they were found in her apron; they are tacks, or nails; 3000 at the rate of 1s. a thousand, 7000 of larger nails, and about 3000 screws; there are about 15,000 of the larger nails, at the rate of 20d. a thousand; 12 gross of screws, worth 2s. a gross; the rest were found in her bed-room; I did not mark any of the screws.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. All these might have been taken at different times? - A. The screws might; the tacks were all taken at once.
 - WOODMAN sworn.
These things have been in my possession ever since; they were taken from the prisoner.
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my Counsel.(The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave her a good character.)




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods to the value of 39s
            .(Aged 37.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
