





316. 
               
                  RICHARD
                   otherwise 
                  
PETER 
                  ISAACS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jordan
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of six in the afternoon, of the 26th of February
; the said 
                     
                        John
                         Jordan
                     



                   and Mary Laidler being in the said dwelling house, and feloniously stealing a pair of worsted stockings, value 2 s the goods of the said 
                     
                        John
                         Jordan
                     



                  ; four womens shifts, value 15 s. a linen apron, value 2 s. an India shawl, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Laidler
                     



.
Indicted in a second COUNT for burglariously breaking and entering the said dwelling house, about the hour of seven in the night of the same day, and burglariously stealing the same goods.


                  JOHN
                   JORDAN
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 18, Chapel-street, St. George in the East


. On the 26th of February, my mother, 
               
                  Mary
                   Laidler
               



            , had some linen hanging up in a one pair of stairs room, drying inside the room; I set her up in a chandler's shop and pay the rent, and live in the house; the window was up about six in the afternoon; I heard a rummaging over my head in the shop, and I came out and I saw the prisoner chucking the things out of the window; I immediately told him to stand fast or I would blow his brains out; he saw I had no arms in my hand, and he immediately jumped down and I received him; I took him prisoner myself, there were three shirts and a shawl, that his companion had got off before I came out, but what I took him in custody with was an apron, a shift and a pair of stockings belonging to me.




               GUILTY of stealing but not of breaking and entering
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               




