





518. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a muslin frock, value 3s. two dimity petticoats, value 2s. one linen shift, value 6d. two pair of leather shoes, value 8d. a cotton frock, value 9d. a linen pincloth, value 4d. and a flannel petticoat, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Valentine 
                     Brooks
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   VALENTINE BROOKS
               



             sworn.
I work at the army cloathing; On Wednesday the 14th of this month, as I was returning from work about seven o'clock, I heard there were two infants lost, and in a few minutes I heard the bellman ringing his bell; and to my great surprise, according to the description he gave, the children belonged to me; I went home, and found my wife in great distress; I saw nothing of the prisoner till after she was in custody of the officer.


                  ANN
                   BROOKS
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of the prosecutor; On Wednesday the 14th of September, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I missed my two children from the bottom of Hand-court, Holborn


; they were both at play; they were brought home to me at past nine o'clock at night.


                  ANN
                   DEAN
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner at the bar about half past seven o'clock, with the two children in Ray-street, Clerkenwell; she was very much in liquor; she was very little able to take care of them; I was afraid she would hurt them; I offered to carry one of them home; she said she had no home; that her husband was dead, and she was obliged to get her bread how she could; she told me they were her children, and she stooped down and pretended to give the youngest suck; I blamed her for offering to suckle it, because she had told me she had weaned it a fortnight; I was with her two hours; she told me she lived in Holborn, at No. 5, Titchborne-court; and when it got late she would not go any where with me; I learned where the children belonged; a boy took one of them home, and came back for the other.
Q. Are you sure this was the woman that had the two children? - A. Yes.
Q. Are you sure she claimed them as her own? - A. Yes.
Q. She had not stripped them then? - A. No; there was only a pincloth gone.


                  HENRY
                   FORD
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Hatton-garden office; About nine o'clock I and Brown had been to Oxford-street; there was a great mob; they said they had got a woman for stealing of children; we searched her, and found nothing upon her belonging to the children; that is all I know of it.
Jury. Q. Did you ever see the prisoner before? - A. No.(
               
                  George
                   Longden
               



             was called but did not appear.)


                  ISALAS
                   CONNOR
               



             sworn.
I keep the Hat and Tun in Hatton-wall; The prisoner came to my house about four in the afternoon on Wednesday the 14th, with two children; she said she came out of Herefordshire, and brought the two children with her; I asked her what was become of the father of them; she told me he was killed on board a man of war; she said she had been left with five children, two of whom were now in the Blue-coat-school; she had a pennyworth of beer and a glass; she was perfectly sober at that time; she was brought in, in the evening, by an officer, and I recollected her face again; she sopped bread in the beer and gave it to the youngest child and drank the glass herself.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing at all of it; I did not come into London till half after five o'clock from Harwich.
Court. (To Mrs. Brooks.) Q. What are the ages of your children? - A. One sixteen months, and the other two years old.
Court. Q. Were the cloaths your's? - A. Yes, all of them.
Prisoner. I have four small children of my own, and I am lame in one arm, and could not carry a child.



                  GEORGE
                   LONGDEN
               



             sworn.
I belong to the Public-office, Hatton-garden; last Wednesday week, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came into our office and asked to see the Magistrates; I told her there was none there, she complained that she had come fourscore miles with those two children, and had not had a morsel of victuals to eat for two days; she said her husband was a surgeon on board a man of war, and that he was dead; that she had brought her two children to see some of her husband's relations in town; she said she came from Worcester, or somewhere thereabouts; seeing her in such a state, I relieved her with sixpence; I went down into the kitchen, and got her some meat, some bread, and some small beer; she sat down in our constable's room, and eat part of the meat and bread, and also fed the children; she staid in the office and office-yard, as near as I can recollect, about two hours and a half; I was called into the Magistrate's office, and while I was gone, she went away with the children; there was scarce two spoonsfull of the small beer drank, and I went to the public-house, and there she was with a pint of porter before her.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)
 The Court immediately pronounced sentence of 


               transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
