





264. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BAILEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of March
, a man's cloth coat, value 20s. a mersella waistcoat, value 10s. a man's hat, value 10s. a pair of men's French boots, value 5s. a neck handkerchief, value 6d. two iron keys, value 4d. a base metal seal, value 1d. a pen-knife, value 2d. and a pair of men's leather gloves, value 3d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Aitken
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Mary Bailey
            .


                  ROBERT
                   AITKEN
               



             sworn.
I live in Clement's Inn, with Mr. Sharman: On the 16th of March, I went with Mary Bailey to her lodgings, and she asked me to stay all night; I did, and in the morning she went away with my cloaths.
Q. You slept with her? - A. Yes; I awoke a little after six, and the prisoner was gone.
Q. Were you in liquor the night before? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you ever get any of your things again? - A. The pawnbroker has them.


                  JOSEPH
                   FELLOWS
               



             sworn.
I took these things in of a woman; I can't tell who it was.

Q. Was it the prisoner? - A. I cannot swear to to the person.


                  Q. 
               


            What time did you take them in? - A. On the 16th of March; she said they were her husband's; she was quite in a different dress to what she is now.


                  THOMAS
                   MARSHALL
               



             sworn.
I was constable of the night, in St. Giles's watch-house; the prisoner was brought by the prosecutor and watchman; he charged her with robbing him of his cloaths a night or two before; she said, the gentleman promised if she delivered the cloaths back, he would not hurt her; she delivered me a pocket-book, containing a duplicate of the waistcoat and breeches and a handkerchief.
Q. What day was this? - A. The 16th of March.


                  Q. 
               


            (To the pawn-broker.) Look at that duplicate, Do you know it? - A. Yes; it is my writing.
VALENTINE LUMNEY sworn.
The prisoner told me she had sold two keys at an old iron shop, and told me where; I went and found it, it was delivered to Gregory, who keeps the shop, by order of the Magistrate.
ROBERT GREGORY sworn.
I am owner of the shop; I bought this key,(producing it,) of the prisoner, on the 17th of March.
Aitkin. This is the key of Mr. Sharman's chambers, which was in my pocket, and these are my cloaths.
Prisoner's defence. He came into my room, and said, he had been robbed of a guinea and a half by another woman; he asked me to let him stay all night, and he would let me pawn his things; he gave me one half-guinea, and said, it would be no object in the morning.




               GUILTY of stealing goods to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
