







117. 
               
                  PETER 
                  TILLEY
               




            , 
               
                  WIL-LIAM 
                  GINKS
               



             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  LOW
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, sixty cotton handkerchiefs, value 1l. 19s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Walter 
                  Russel
               




            .


                  MARGARET
                   RUSSEL
               



             sworn.
I live at No 7, in the Strand; I keep a shop for ready made linen.
Q. What do you know of the prisoners? - I know none of them, I saw one of them take up the things at the counter, I was at the other end, and I ran after him and called out stop thief! this was on the 17th of December, one came in, but they were known by some neighbours to be all of a gang, he took the handkerchief up so, and ran off with them.
Q. How far was this from the door? - Very near.
Q. Was any body in the shop besides yourself? - Not a soul. There was a boy came in and asked for a pennyworth of something I did not deal in.
Q. Was that the boy at the bar? - I really cannot say, I saw but one; he went away, and he left the door not shut to, for it makes a deal of noise, and I was standing looking at the door.
Q. How long was it afterwards that you saw the person come in and take the things? -  It was all done in three minutes, and the things brought back to me by this gentleman, one of them came in in a minute after the boy.
Q. Now the person that took the linen, did you see him? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Was he a man or a boy? - A man.
Q. Look at the prisoners at the bar and tell me if you know them? - I cannot remember either of the prisoners, it was four o'clock near dark, my eyes are very bad, I cannot tell which of the men it was.


                  WILLIAM
                   SCOTT
               



             sworn.
On the 17th of December, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was going down the Strand towards Charing crossI saw Peter Tilly, that was the prisoner's name, come out of the shop of Mr. Russel with something under his coat, instantly afterwards Mrs. Russel came out and cried stop thief! immediately I ran after the man and cried stop thief, and he threw the things down in the Adelphi; this might be forty or fifty yards from Mrs. Ruffel's house, I picked up the things and carried them to Mrs. Russel, and I left them there till he was taken.
Court to Mrs. Russel. Have you had the care of the things ever since? - The constable has.
JAMES HICKS sworn.
At four o'clock in the afternoon on Tuesday the 17th of December, I was going to the Savoy, I saw the prisoner Ginks and the boy Low in deep conversation as they were walking along before me; the boy, Low, turns sharp on one side and went into a haberdasher's shop.
Q. Was that Mrs. Russel's? - No, further on, I crossed the way and watched them, I followed them till they got beyond Mr. Russel's shop, then they turned about and there were three in company, Tilley, and Low, and Ginks, I saw them within twenty yards of Mr. Russel's shop, there came by at the time two or three coaches and carts; I did not see either of the prisoners go into the shop, but I presently heard the cry of stop thief! at that time I see the prisoners all run down one street, Adam-street, I saw them the minute I ran down after them, and I met Low and Ginks walking away, I stopped both and gave the prisoner Low into Mrs. Russel's hands, and defired her to bring him back and Tilley agreed to go back to the shop; he said he knew neither of the other two; they were all taken back and detained till the officer was sent for.
Prisoner Ginks. I would wish to know how near he was to us together? - I was close to them, I heard them say something about a shop, but what it was particularly I could not hear.
Prisoner Low. I asked this young man which was the nearest way to the Savoy.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
On Tuesday, the 17th of December, I was sent for to take the prisoners into custody at Mr. Russel's, I did so, and took care of the property.
Mrs. Russel. They are the only unmade goods in the shop.
Prisoner Tilley. I had been up to Paternoster-row, to the Gazette office, to know if a Gazette was out, I was going back, and I thought I would call at a customer's in the Adelphi, and I heard the cry of stop thief! and a sailor man came up to me and said, I must come back, for I had robbed the shop of some linen, and I was delivered into two or three peoples hands.
Court. Who is your master? - Mr. Canton, he lives at No. 38, Charing-cross, he keeps the Gazette office.
Prisoner Low. I went to see if I could find out my sister that lives in the Savoy, and I was coming along and I met this man, and I asked him which was the way to the Savoy? and he said he could not tell me, and I went into a shop and they directed me, and then I went strait on and I heard somebody halloo out stop thief! and I went to see what was the matter, and as I was going down that gentleman there came and laid hold of me, and said, I was along with them that robbed the shop.
Prisoner Ginks. I work at chelsea, as I was coming from work Mr. Hicks came up to me and laid hold of me, Low had before come up to me and asked me the way to the Savoy, I told him I could not direct him, but the best way would be to enquire in at the shop; Ihave no witnesses, I had people to appear for my character all the day, but they are just gone home to dinner.


                  Peter
                   Tilley
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  William
                   Low
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .


                  William
                   Ginks
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
