





580. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MOSS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of October
, twelve table knives, value 9s. twelve table forks, value 9s. two pair of metal candlesticks, value 8s. five pair of steel snuffers, value 5s. a tea caddie, value 1s. a tin cannister, value 1s. two metal snuff-boxes, value 18d. a japanned snuff-box, value 6d. a metal syringe, value 4d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hewlet
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   HEWLET
               



             sworn.
I am a brazier
, in High Holborn


; yesterday evening, about seven o'clock, I went into my workshop, we had, at this time, the roof off, and I told the prisoner, who was my servant
, to come into the sale-shop, and clear the goods in the glass case; the apprentice and I were employed with him; I went backwards and saw a Pontipool milk-ewer there, which I saw had been taken out of the shop; I put it there again, and got at the top of the rafters, and watched, and saw the prisoner come into the workshop, and the apprentice; he hurried the apprentice away, and then the prisoner put these goods, which are in possession of the officer, into his pockets; I then saw him go through the yard to go from his work, I followed him, and he got the space of five or six houses before I overtook him, and the property was taken out of his pockets in my presence, by the officer; the officer is here with them.


                  BENJAMIN
                   SPRIGGS
               



             sworn.
I am the watch-house-keeper, and night-beadle of St. Andrews, Holborn; I was sent for last night, between eight and nine, to apprehend the prisoner, and I took this property from him, (produces it;) I have had them ever since.


                  THOMAS
                   DORIN
               



             sworn.
I am houseman at the watch-house of St. Andrew's; I saw these things taken out of the prisoner's pocket.
Q.(To Hewlet.) How long has this man worked with you? - A. It is under a fortnight, I fancy.
Prisoner's defence. This prosecution is founded merely upon malice, for the goods I never knew that I had, when I went away with them in my great-coat pocket; they were some how or other put into my pocket, because I would not work for him at the wages that he wished me, he has, out of revenge, framed this bill against me.
Q.(To Hewlet.) Had you any quarrel with this man? - A. No, not at all, his wages were rose last Saturday night, and he was satisfied.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 37.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
