





143. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     GREVILLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
 last, nine shillings in monies numbered
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Jellico
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   JELLICO
               



             sworn.
I live in Aldersgate-street, an upholsterer
; I lost nine shillings on Wednesday, the 16th of December, going into Drury-lane playhouse


; I put down my hand, and felt the flap of my breeches unbuttoned; I charged the prisoner; he denied it; I could not then put down my hand to button my pocket; the very first opportunity, I put down my hand, and caught instantly the prisoner's hand with my pocket turned round; a part of the money was in his hand, part on the ground, and part in my pocket; the officer's name is M'Gillery.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. This was in the passage leading to the pit door? - Yes.
The crowd at that time was making for the pit? - Yes, which was very great.
I believed you charged another person with the fact? - The first time when I charged him with picking my pocket, says he, you may as well say that man is picking your pocket? I replied, yes, I believe that man is employed in picking pockets, as well as you; I took no other person to Bow-street.
Then you never took any other man out of the passage, or by your desire? - No.
There were two examinations at Bow-street? - Yes.
Did you swear this at Bow-street, that you found the money in the prisoner's hand? - I swore at Bow-street the same as now.
Did you swear the first time you was at Bow-street, that you found a part of the money in the prisoner's hand? - I did not find it; the prisoner was examined, and some money was found about him; I had a French half crown, and a French shilling.
Court. What did you lose in the whole? - I had more than twelve shillings.
- M'GILLERY sworn.
I was in the passage leading to the pit door, looking after the people, giving themnotice; and I heard some gentleman calling out that his pocket was picked; I saw this gentleman laying hold of the prisoner; I saw some of the money in the gentleman's hand, and some fell on the ground; I asked the gentleman to give charge of the man; he said he could not part with the ladies that were with him, but he would appear the next morning; I took the prisoner to the 
               
                  Brown
                   Bear
               



            ; and he took from his own pocket, which was half a crown and six shillings, the money I have.
(The money produced.)
Prosecutor. I can swear to none of the money, only that I had a French half crown, and a French shilling.
M'Gillery. There is no shilling there.
Prisoner's Counsel. These half crowns are very common now? - I cannot say.
Did the prosecutor give you charge of two people? - No, he did not; he said, he believed the prisoner was one of the party concerned: I asked Mr. Jellico, would he give charge of the other? he said, no, he was not sure of the other, but he was sure of this man.


                  JAMES
                   CHILD
               



             sworn.
I was in the passage leading to the pit, hearing money fall, I, in conjunction with the evidence that was examined last, went to the assistance of the gentleman; he told us he had his pocket picked, and had the prisoner by the hand; he gave charge of the prisoner; and I assisted to take him to the 
               
                  Brown
                   Bear
               



            ; there he pulled out of his pocket four half crowns and six shillings, in silver.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to the play that evening with my wife; I was behind Mr. Jellico; a accused me of picking his pocket; and then he accused another man: I have sent for witnesses.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
