





327. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     PITT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of August
 last, two gold mourning rings, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        Patrick
                         Sheer
                     



                  ; a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 6 s. and a tablespoon, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Pearce
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   PEARCE
               



             sworn.
I live in Drury-lane


; I am a baker
. The prisoner lived servant
 with me about four years; she was out of place, and came to my house, and eat and slept there; she was there ten days or a fortnight; my wife discharged her on suspicion of stealing two rings. I know nothing of the rings, having never seen them. She was taken up on the 2d of August; she was searched, and the rings found upon her, and some spoons and other things; she said, they weremine; she acknowledged all the things were mine. I promised to forgive her. I had a great opinion of her.
Mrs. PEARCE sworn.
I am the wife of the last witness. She was always made welcome. They were in a top drawer, which was unlocked; I looked into the drawer, and missed the things; they were not my rings, they were left in my care.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. Except the particular inscription on those rings, you have no other knowledge of those rings? - No.


                  JOHN
                   FURNEUX
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I had a search warrant against the prisoner; I went to Mr. Bennett's, where she was in service; I told her I had a search warrant; I searched boxes; I do not know that they were her boxes of my own knowledge; I searched her pockets, and found this duplicate, which describes a pair of buckles pawned in the Strand. The landlady said, the boxes were her's; I took the keys out of the pocket of the prisoner. I found two gold mourning rings. The prisoner said, the rings were Mrs. Pearce's.
Mrs. Pearce. I know the rings. (The rings produced.) Upon this ring is Isabella Duff, and the other is 
               
                  Jane
                   Shields
               



            .
Mrs. 
               
                  AGNES
                   HERVEY
               



             sworn.
I left these rings with Mrs. Pearce five months ago.
(The rings deposed to.)
Mrs. Pearce. I never saw the rings, or other property, during the time the prisoner was in the house.
Prisoner. I am innocent.


                  RICHARD
                   WILLIAMSON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner at the bar brought me these buckles on the 9th of August; they were left for 6 s. 6 d.
Mrs. Pearce. (Deposes to the buckles.) I left one of the buckles in the glass drawer, in the children's room; the other was in a beaufet in the parlour. I had no present use for the buckles, as I was in mourning.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
