





6. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CHETHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of November
, seven pints of brandy, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Jones
               




            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys).


                  HENRY
                   HILLMAN
               



             sworn. - I am one of the Excise-watchmen, upon Sommers-quay


; there were seventeen casks of Foreign brandy of Mr. Robert Jones's there; I did not know any thing of the prisoner before this happened; on Thursday, the 2d of November, about eight in the evening, I saw him lying behind a puncheon of brandy of Mr. Jones's, he had a bladder in his hand, whether he was taking it away, or fixing it to the cask, I cannot say; seeing me, he got up and knocked me down; I caught him again, and he knocked me down again with his fist, that was about ten yards from the cask.
Court. Q. By a fair blow, or did he shove you down? - A. A fair blow; he struck me somewhere about the breast; then I caught him again, and knocked him down; he had then got into Thames-street, there I got assistance and secured him; he had left the bladder behind him, it was fixed to the cask; I went after the bladder, and there were seven pints in it; it was then in the custody of Mr. Gower.
Q. Was the bladder that you saw when you came back, like that which you first saw in the prisoner's hand? - A. Yes.
Q. How was it fixed to the cask? - A. There was a plug put into the cask, and a quill fixed in the neck of the bladder, and put in where the plug was, and then there was another hole made at the top of the cask for vent.


                  JOSEPH
                   GOWER
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: I was walking backwards and forwards upon sommers-quay, I saw the prisoner and another man, at six o'clock; I had observed him there from six o'clock till the time the last witness ran after him; I saw them lurking about the brandy casks till I saw Mr. Hillman going after the prisoner; and then I went to the brandy cask, and took the bladder out; it had the same quantity of liquor in it that it has in it now.
Q. How was the bladder situated? - A.There had been a hole bored into the brandy cask with a gimblet, then there was a quill tied to the neck of the bladder.

Q. Could the quill have been introduced after the hole had been bored? - A. Yes; I took the quill out of the hole in the cask, and drove a spile into it, to prevent the brandy gushing out; I staid with the brandy till Mr. Hillman came back again.(William Green, the constable, produced the bladder, which he had received from Mr. Hillman).
Q.(To Hillman). Is that foreign brandy? - A. It is, it was taken out of Mr. 
               
                  Robert
                   Jones
               



            's cask.


                  JOSEPH
                   LOWE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am an Excise-guager: I had guaged this cask between three and four in the afternoon of the 22d of November; the next morning, I was ordered by the Land-surveyor to guage it again, which I did, and I found deficient from four to five gallons, it is foreign brandy; the hole was a great deal too large for the quill; I am sure that a great deal must have run waste.
Prisoner's defence. I was going home from work, and heard a cry of stop thief, and they laid hold of me; I never was near the cask.
The prisoner called his serjeant, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 22).
The Court immediately pronounced sentence of 


               transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
