





683. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MACARTHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of October
, a cotton gown, value 2 s. two check aprons, value 1 s. a linen apron, value 6 d. two muslin handkerchiefs, value 2 s. a muslin apron, value 2 s. a pair of fustian pockets, value 6 d. two muslin caps, value 6 d. a silk cloak with capes, trimmed with narrow lace, value 1 l. a muslin apron, value 2 s. a linen shift, value 2 s. a pair of stockings, value 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Clarke
                        



                     
                  , three linen shifts, value 3 s. three cotton aprons, value 3 s. two muslin caps, value 1 s. a muslin petticoat, value 6 s. two pair of dimity pockets, value 6 d. two pair of cotton stockings, value 1 s. five linen napkins, value 2 s. 6 d. a muslin binder, value 3 d. and a muslin tucker, value 3 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  Almeria 
                  Giles
               



            .


                  JANE
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I am a servant
 to Mr. Howard. I suspected the things were gone; Mr. Howard lives in Hawnorth-street, Bedford-square


; I had left the things in the pantry on Monday night, I missed them on Tuesday morning; I left them the 22d of this month, the prisoner was employed in painting
 about the house a fortnight before; I know nothing of his taking them, nor I don't know how they were lost, I know the house was not broke open; the things are here; Almira Giles is a fellow servant
 of mine.


                  JOHN
                   MILLER
               



             sworn.
I am one of the officers belonging to Bow-street. I have got the property here which I found in the prisoner's lodgings the morning after he was apprehended; I found them on the 23d in his room; I apprehended him in the playhouse, and I fetched him out.
Clarke. I know the gown by its being pieced.
Prisoner. I am innocent of the matter that is alledge to me. I have got two or three witnesses.


                  JEREMIAH
                   DAILEY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner lodged with me a little time.
Q. Do you know where he was on the 22d of this month? - No, because I am a watchman.
Prisoner. Ask him whether I was not in bed on Tuesday at eleven o'clock.
Court. You are not charged with any particular time.

Prisoner. The things were not in my possession, they were not found in the room where I lodge, they were found in a girl's room that I used to frequent.
Court to Miller. You said that you found these things in the prisoner's lodgings? - It was not in this man's lodgings, it was Church-street, St. Giles's, in a room that this man rented and lived with a girl.
Prisoner. I have sent for a witness that see another man carry the things into that room.
Court to Clarke. Had any strange woman any access to this house about this time? - No.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
