





159. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SIBLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Everard 
                        Cruttenden
                     




                   about the hour of nine in the night of the 20th of February
, and stealing thirteen yards of silk ribbon, value 7s. the property of the said Everard
            .
EVERARD CRUTTENDEN sworn. - I am a haberdasher
, No. 35, Rosemary-lane


: On Saturday night last my shop-window was broke, I was behind the counter serving in the shop at the time, it was between eight and nine o'clock in the evening; I lost a piece of satin ribbon containing between thirteen and fourteen yards, on a roll, worth about seven shillings, the shop-door was shut; I immediately went out to the opposite side of the way, and laid wait for his coming back again; I had before lost things in the same way, to a considerable amount.
Q. It was not day-light then? - A. No, it was dark; I observed a small hole in one square of glass, and the prisoner at my shop-window making several attempts; I cannot say what with, but I think it was a knife, making the hole larger to convey the roll through, which at last he did, and instantly put it into his bosom.

Q.Had he got his hand inside the window? - A. No; I immediately caught him as he was running away, and secured him; he took it out of his bosom, and dropped it on the ground, with a knife, which I afterwards found; I took him to my own shop, and called for assistance; I sent for a constable, who lives next door to me, and he searched him.
Q. Can you swear, that at the time you left the shop, there was room enough to get the ribbon out? - A. By no means; but as I was watching him all the time, I can swear that no other person had been near the window.


                  JOSEPH
                   DUTTON
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, I was sent for by Mr. Cruttenden: I searched the prisoner but did not find any thing upon him; I then went to the spot where he was taken, at the corner of a street, and there was a woman who had just picked up the prisoner's hat, and a piece of ribbon in the crown of it; I gave the prisoner his hat, and have had the ribbon ever since. (Produces it).
Prosecutor. This is my ribbon, I had placed it there myself in the morning, I cannot say whether I saw it or not when I went out to watch; I saw him put his hand in his bosom and throw this piece of ribbon down, and his hat fell off at the same time in the scuffle; here is a piece of the same that was found in the glass case, that had been cut off with a knife.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.




               GUILTY
             (Aged 15.)
Of stealing the goods, but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ASHHURST.
