





531. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of August
, a pocket-book, value 2d. a half-guinea, and four shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Meyrick
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  EDWARD
                   MEYRICK
               



             sworn. - I have just come from the West Indies, I was servant
 to one of the mates: On Tuesday in the forenoon, about twelve o'clock, or thereabouts, walking down Fleet-street


, a young man tapped me on the shoulder, and asked me whether I had lost any thing: I put my hand to my left-hand coat-pocket, and missed my pocket book; it contained half-a-guinea and four shillings.
Q. Did you feel any body at your pocket? - A. No.
Q. When had you seen it? - A. Three or four minutes before.
Q. Did you ever see your pocket-book since? - A. No; here is a witness here that saw the prisoner take it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Whereabouts in Fleet-street was it? - A. Near Bride-passage.
Q. Where had you been before that? - A. From my lodgings at Westminster.
Q. Where were you when you had seen your pocket-book? - A. In Fleet-street.
Q. Did you stop any where in Fleet-street? - A. No, not before the young man tapped me on the shoulder; I had my hand upon my pocket-book in Fleet-street.


                  RICHARD
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn. - I am a watch-maker: I was going along Fleet-street on Tuesday in the forenoon, about twelve o'clock, or a little after; I saw Richard Clark follow the last witness, put his hand into his pocket, take something out, and give it to a person on his right-hand, there were three of them together; they then turned down Brides-passage; I immediately followed Meyrick, and tapped him on the shoulder, and enquired of him if he had lost any thing; he clapped his hands to his sides, and said, yes, he had lost his pocket-book; I then went down Bride-lane, turned up Brides-passage, and going up Brides-passage, we were met by a person who enquired of us if he was the young man that had lost the pocket-book; we went through Salisbury-court, this man, Meyrick, and me, down Primrose-hill, into Water-lane, and he was taken in Fishers-alley.
Q. Now, are you sure he is the man that put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket? - A. Yes; they were all three taken before Alderman Boydell, but the other two were discharged.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley Q. So you took three person before the Alderman, and two of them were discharged? - A. Yes.
Q. Why did not you stop the man at first? - A. As soon as ever the prisoner had picked his pocket, they turned down Brides-passage.
Q. Did you not say, before the Magistrate, you were not sure, and you only thought he was one of the men? - A. I did not say any such thing, I was positive he was the man.
Q. There was abundance of opportunity for him to have escaped while you were talking to the prosecutor? - A. We pursued them closely.


                  JOHN
                   HILL
               



             sworn. - I was coming by at the time this man was taken up, and he abused me very much.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.
GUILTY (Aged 34.)




               Of stealing but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
