





212. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TOBIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of January
, a linen shirt, value 5 s. three linen towels, value 1 s. 6 d. a linen table cloth, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Edwards
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
I am a smith
; I lost these articles the 31st of January; I am a housekeeper, No. 1, Crown-street, St. Giles's


; I did not see the prisoner take them; they were taken from a one pair of stairs; it was a bed room, and we used to hang up our linen in it; they were hung up to dry; my wife put them up; the watchman alarmed the house at first; I was at home and in bed; it was nigh twelve o'clock, the watchman told me there was a lamp lighter's ladder against the window, and he thought there was somebody in the house; I went into the room and the room door was open; my wife had shut the door before; I then let in the watchman; my wife told me she thought there was somebody in the next room; the watchman went up two pair of stairs and he brought the prisoner down the two pair of stairs; I saw him on the stairs; I was below when he took him; the prisoner had no property on him.
Q. In what condition did you find this room? - The window was open, and a ladder was at the window.
Q. Was all the linen that was in the room gone? - No, there was some left which was taken down from the line, and put in the seat of the window.
Mr. Knapp. Mr. Edwards you are a smith, are you? - Yes.
Q. Do you mean to say you are a house keeper? - Yes.
Q. You have a whole house to yourself? - Yes.
Q. What is your rent? - Nineteen pounds a year.
Q. Have you any lodgers in your house? - Yes, I have in the two pair of stairs.
Q. Are they men or women? - A man and his wife.
Q. Are they the only lodgers you have in your house? - Yes, at present.
Q. Had you at the time of this supposed robbery no others? - No, upon my oath only the man and his children; and my children.
Q. You say the prisoner at the bar was brought from the two pair of stairs? - Yes, from the door.
Q. Where the things were taken from on the one pair of stairs? - Yes.
Q. The door was open before you came? - Yes.
Q. The things that were not on the line were in the window? - Yes.

Q. Did you put the things on the line? - No.
Q You never found any thing on the prisoner? - No, nothing.
Q Did you know the prisoner before? - I cannot say that I did, I might have seen him but not to know him.
Q. How do you mean not to know him? - Not to be acquainted with him, I did not speak to him when I met him.
Q. You never heard him say that your house was full of whores and thieves? - No, I never did.
Q. Your house is in Crown-street, St. Giles's? - It is.
Court. Do you know whether this man ever spake ill of you or your house? - Not that I know of.
Q. Was there any quarrel between you? - No.
Q Did you ever hear he had spoke ill of your house? - No.


                  SARAH
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard
                   Edwards
               



            ; these things were missing on the 31st of January, Wednesday evening; I hung these things up that same evening before in the room, the last thing I did before I light my lamp and candles, about five o'clock; I saw every thing was made secure, every thing was fastened, the street door and windows and every thing at a quarter before eleven o'clock; but the window where the clothes were in, was put up about three inches for a little air to the clothes; I was alarmed about half past eleven; I was just got to bed and asleep, I heard the watchman alarm the house, and I got up and put my under petticoat over my head and went up stairs to see what was the matter; we lay in the parlour below stairs, under that room where the linen was in; when I came up stairs I saw the room door open, and the window put up, and all the linen taken down from the lines; there was nothing left on the lines, but the strings of my coloured aprons, I mean the remainder of linen that was stole; the watchman cried out for him to come in doors, my husband went down to let him in; I heard a man on the stairs, I waited at the door till my husband came up again, I stood at the room door where the clothes were; the watchman went up on the second pair of stairs, and my husband took the man at the door of the second pair of stairs, I saw him take him there and bring him down stairs; the man was the prisoner, 
               
                  John
                   Tobin
               



            .
Q. Was any thing found on him? - Nothing but a pen knife, I have never recovered the things that were missing; the things that are missing are my own property, they belonged to my husband.
Mr. Knapp. You say nothing was found on the prisoner? - No, nothing at all.
Q. You never found your things again? - No.
Q. Was the prisoner at the bar searched? - He was.
[The remainder of this trial in the next part, which will be published in a few days.]






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO, The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 20th of February, 1793, and the following Days;
Being the THIRD SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. Sir 
                  
                     JAMES
                      SANDERSON
                  



               , Knt. 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY MANOAH SIBLY, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND, No. 35, Goswell-Street, And Published by Authority.
NUMBER III. PART II.
LONDON:
Printed and published by 
                  
                     HENRY
                      FENWICK
                  



               , No. 63, Snow Hill.
[PRICE TWO SHILLINGS.]

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.
Continuation of the Trial of 
                  
                     JOHN
                      TOBIN
                  



               .

Q. The first you heard of it was the watchman alarming you? - It was.
Q. You went up directly the alarm was given? - My husband did.
Q. Then the man went out from the time the alarm was given, to the time the watchman took him? - No.
Mr. Knapp. What lodgers had you? - We had lodgers come in the night before, and that night they had forgot to lock their room door, they were very much tired; they came from over the way, they were neighbour.
Q. Was there time for him to escape from the time the watchman gave the alarm, to the time he was taken? - He might if he had known the way of the house.


                  EDWARD
                   GORMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; on Tuesday evening a man passed by my box, and told me of the ladder at this window, and that he suspected all was not right there; and so I went up and alarmed the house, I went and saw the ladder, and the window up; I went up stairs, being let in, I turned into this room that the ladder was to, and found nobody was in it; there was some clothes laid pulled off the line and some strings up.
Q. Was the door of that room open? - It was as they told me, I saw it open; I went up stairs and found the prisoner at the bar lying on the stairs, just about half a pair higher than the one pair of stairs room, on the second pair of stairs, I brought him down, I searched him and found nothing on him, but his knife; I took him to the watch-house.
Mr. Knapp. You found nothing watchman? - Nothing.
Q You searched him every part? - I felt him about.

Q. Was he drunk or sober? - Sober, lying on the stairs.
Q. If he had committed a robbery it was likely he should be staying there, lying on the stairs, was not it? - I don't know.
Prisoner. When I was taken to the justice that there woman that stands there, for the things that they had lost, wanted my mother to make a recompence for them, and my mother being a poor woman, and I innocent of the fact, told my mother to do no such thing; and they said they would go as far as the law would go; it is a bad house for all sorts of bad women, they have not lived in it so much as a quarter of a year.
Court to Prosecutor. Did you ever tell them you would make it up? - His father and mother came to my husband and said they would make a recompence; they came to make me the offer, I told them it would not lay in my power.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.


                  CATHARINE
                   TOBIN
               



             sworn.
I am the mother; the good woman wanted me to pay for the shirt, at the office; my son says to me why should you pay for the things of which I am innocent of as you that was in bed; this house was a house of ill same, I brought my son out of it once before with a girl of the town; these people were not the keepers of the house then.
Mrs. Edwards. The mother of this prisoner came to me the next morning crying, and told me that she would make me satisfaction, or any thing that I desired; I told her it was more than I durst to do, and that I did not wish to hurt him.
Court to Mrs. Edwards. Had you any body in the house but this man and wife at the time? - Nobody else.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
