





354. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of July
, one cotton gown, value 7 s. one linen handkerchief, value 9 d. one check apron, value 12 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Swaine
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   SWAINE
               



             sworn.
I am wife to 
               
                  Samuel
                   Swaine
               



            , and Mr. Reid lodged at my house; the articles were lost from a lower kitchen under ground, they were washed, and hung up on the line. I lost them the 25th of July, this day eight weeks; I saw them on Sunday night, and they were took away on Monday; I never saw them again except before the magistrate.


                  JAMES
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a journeyman tallow chandler, on the 25th of July last getting up between five and six o'clock to go to work, I saw two young men in the court, Baylis-court, Bell-yard


, where the prosecutor lived; one of them was laying across the iron railing over the kitchen window of the prosecutor, Mrs. Swaine; this was the prisoner's companion, I saw him pull up an handkerchief, and give to the prisoner at the bar.
Was it a linen one? - I do not know. The next thing the young man that was laying across the iron railing caught hold of was a gown by a stick, and get it out, and gave it to 
               
                  John
                   Wood
               



            , and 
               
                  John
                   Wood
               



             put the gown into his apron that he had on, and tucked his apron round him, and went out of the court. We had to go down stairs before we could come at him, and to go up a bit of a street; we went, and as soon as they saw us one of them ran up Chancery-lane; Wood was standing at a step of a door, tying up the bundle in a handkerchief, in Bell-yard, about one hundred yards from the house, or further. As soon as he saw us he threw his bundle down, and run down Bell-yard into Fleet-street, and ran across into the Temple, and there we took him, and a boy brought the bundle to me in about ten minutes. I am sure it was the same bundle that the prisoner threw down. It was given to Scammel at the justice's; I had it at the justice's; I gave it to the constable, 
               
                  William
                   Smith
               



            , when it was given to me by the young man.


                  JOHN
                   SCAMMELL
               



             sworn.
I am a dyer, I was getting up between the hours of five and six in the morning on the 25th of July, Monday. Mr. Smith called to me, and I saw the man laying down on the iron railing, and he took out the gown, I did not see him take any thing else, and he gave it to the prisoner, who put it in his apron, and tucked it round him; we went down and went round, and saw them both at Mr. Brodie's door in Bell-yard. When the prisoner saw us he threw down the bundle, and ran off; we followed him down Bell-yard, and took him in the Temple; the bundle was brought to us by a boy; the bundle was delivered at this time to me from Mr. Smith's hands, the constable. I produce it now.
As soon as the young man gave them you, did you see what was in it? - I did, Mr. Smith opened it, there was a gown, an handkerchief, a check apron, and a pair of worsted stockings in the bundle.
Did you examine enough of the gown at the time the constable opened it to know that the gown carried before the magistrate was the same gown? - I do; and am certainit is the same as was before the magistrate. Deposed to.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
