





515. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CATHERY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of September
, five sheets, value 1l. three gowns, value 10s. 6d. and a towel, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Wilford
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   WILFORD
               



             sworn. - I can only prove the property.
- GRUBB sworn. - I live in Dean's-yard, Westminster, just by Mr. Wilford's house, he lives in Tothill-street, Westminster


: I saw the prisoner come out with a bundle of linen under his arm; he had got a few paces from the door when Mr. Wilford came out, apparently in great agitation, and expressed the word, thief, the prisoner then threw down the bundle, and ran away; I immediately gave the alarm, stop thief, and pursued him; I never lost sight of him till he was stopped turning round the corner of Dean's-yard, about a hundred yards from Mr. Wilford's house; he was taken back, and a constable sent for; the bundle was picked up by somebody and brought to Mr. Wilford's house, I do not know by whom, it seemed to he something white.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. It was not done up in a bundle, was it, they were only put together? - A. Yes.
Q. And you say they had the appearance of something white? - A. Yes.
Q. Then it might be pieces of Irish, or any thing else that was white, for ought you know? - A. Yes.
Q. You would not have known it was sheets if you had not seen them afterwards? - A. No.
Q. There were a great many people passing? - A. Yes.
Q. You had never seen the prisoner before? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM
                   CARTWRIGHT
               



             sworn. - On the 27th of September, I was coming out of a house opposite Mr. Wilford's, I saw the prisoner at the bar at Mr. Wilford's door, with a bundle under his arm.
Q. Tied up? - A. No, loose; there was an alarm given, and he directly threw it down upon the steps, and ran off; Mrs. Wilford began to pick up the linen off the steps; I, judging that he must be a thief, went across the way after him, it was a soldier that stopped him, I am sure the prisoner is the same man; we took him to Mrs. Wilford's, and he begged forgiveness; he said, ma'am, as you have lost nothing I hope you will let me go; the property was then in the room where it had been lost from, it consisted of sheets, and gowns; they were tied up in a round towel, and carried to the Police-office; Mr. Wilford's young man had the care of them, his name is 
               
                  William
                   Story
               



            .
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Before the prisoner said any thing, what had Mrs. Wilford said to induce him to do so? - A. Nothing; the poor woman was so affected she could hardly speak, and has been so ever since.


                  JAMES
                   WEST
               



             sworn. - I am a baker: I was returning, on the 27th of September, about a quarter after twelve o'clock, through Dean's-yard; I heard a cry behind me of stop thief, and I sawprisoner at the bar running; I made a stop, and he said to me, for God's sake do not stop me, let me go; then another man came up and collared him; some time after that, I saw a great number of people round Mr. Wilford's door, and I went in, and saw some sheets, and gowns, and a towel, lying upon the ground.


                  WILLIAM
                   STORY
               



             sworn. - I am an apprentice to Mr. Wilford; I was in the shop and heard the cry of stop thief from several persons; I then came to the front door and saw the prisoner in custody; I helped to carry and prisoner to the Police-office; I saw the sheets and gowns upon the chair; Mrs. Wilford told the prisoner he had taken them from the basket; he did not deny having taken them, and asked forgiveness; the clothes were delivered to Mrs.Wilford; she is not here, she is very ill.
Mr. Wilford. The servant girl is here that has had the care of them.


                  ANN
                   GALLOWAY
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mrs. Wilford; my mistress was in the kitchen with me, my fellow servant was gone out of an errand, and left the door ajar; my mistress heard somebody over head, and went up stairs; when she got up stairs, I heard her say, what do you want, sir, very loud; she ran to the door, I ran after her, and was just time enough to see him throw the things down; there were five sheets, three gowns, and a round towel; the prisoner was brought back in five minutes; my mistress told him he had taken these things; she said she was very sure it was him, by his coat and stature; he said, yes, but as she had not lost any thing, he hoped she would forgive him; he begged very hard several to be let go; the articles were carried to the back into my mistress's room, and there they have been ever since. (Story produces the property).
Galloway. I am certain these are all my mistress's property.
Wilford. Here is one gown that I can speak to positively.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, and called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. BARON THOMPSON.
