





363. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     GREEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Livingston
                        



                     
                  , on the 8th of April
, about three in the afternoon, several persons being therein, and feloniously stealing therein, one quilt, value 2 s. one linen sheet, value 2 s. the property of the said 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Livingston
                        



                     
                  ; and two pair of breeches, and one waistcoat, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Archibald 
                           Duncanson
                        



.


                  WILLIAM
                   LIVINGSTON
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 47, Leather-lane


. My house was broke open on the 8th of April: the prisoner went up stairs, and took away a quilt and sheet from the garret; she was a stranger.
Court. Did you see her take it? - I did not; she was followed: my property is here.
Can you swear to it: what marks are there on the quilt? - Different patch-work about it; (the quilt deposed to;) this is mine.
Did you see her take it? - No.


                  ARCHIBALD
                   DUNCANSON
               



             sworn.
On Thursday, the 8th of April, about half past four, Mr. Sultrus, who lives opposite, observed this woman pass by our door.
Court. Did you see her? - No; when she was brought in, she had some of my property upon her.
What is the value of them? - Twelve shillings.
Where were they left? - In the back garret: I locked the door when I went out; and it was broke open.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say; I have no witnesses.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Lord KENYON.
