






431. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  EDWARDS
               




             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ramsey
                        




                     
                   about the hour of nine in the night on the 20th of April
, and burglariously stealing therein, six silk handkerchiefs, value 2 l. 15 s. and three quarters of a yard of silk lustring, value 1 s. the goods of the said 
                     
                        William
                         Ramsey
                     



.



                  WILLIAM
                   RAMSEY
               



             sworn.
I keep a house in Glass House-street, St. James's


; my house was broke open about nine or somewhere before nine, I was at home, on the 20th of April, Saturday; I sell clothes, and had had several people in the shop, and there were several things on the counter. I sell men and womens clothes, and new clothes, and handkerchiefs, and a variety of other things; while I was clearing these away to take some of my property out of the window, I heard something against the glass, the outside of the window, when I came to that part, the glass was broke; I was very near the person who broke it, though I could not swear to him at all, I saw a hand pass through where the glass was broke, and grasp at the things laying on the window, but the man that was taking them I cannot tell notwithstanding.
Q. Did you see him take any thing away? - Yes, I did plainly. I know there were these handkerchiefs there, and I saw him take them away.
Q. Do you mean to state it is a fact, that you saw them taken away, or do you reason on it? - Most undoubtedly I saw them taken away, there was a piece of silk which was laying along with them, they were all laying together, I could not take on me to say what the man took, but they all lay together, opposite to one pane of glass; as to the handkerchiefs I clearly saw them go; I was rather flurried in consequence of such a daring thing, so that by the time I had got to the door they were so far gone that I did not think it worth while to go after them; I saw them turn the corner a few doors from my dwelling house; there were other people in the street who gave the alarm; the two prisoners were brought back by the evidence Bocknell and another, who is here, in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour.
Q. Was your property brought back? - There were six handkerchiefs and a piece of silk, something short of a yard, it was given into my possession when brought back; I gave it to Carpenter, the beadle of the night, in the watch-house; I have had it since of the constable, in Marlborough-street, it was sealed and delivered to my custody.


                  THOMAS
                   BOCKNELL
               



             sworn.
I live at Mr. Drummond's, I am his butler; I was in Glass House-street, this Saturday evening, about twenty minutes before nine, on the 20th of April, it was candle light, quite dark in the street, candles were light in all the street, and lamps; passing Glass House-street I heard a window break, I was in Glass House-street, opposite to the house, I went over to see what was the matter with many others, I found that Mr. Ramsey had been robbed of some silk handkerchiefs, and his wife then said stockings; she came out of the door, and I asked him why he did not pursue the prisoners? I then went my way home, and going down the Hay Market there is a small court, which leads into Jermyn-street, I heard a buzzing, and I looked round and I saw three men coming out of the court; I thought them suspicious people, and it might be those that robbed Mr. Ramsey; they crossed over the Hay Market; I followed them; they then went into a court, called Coventry-court; I followed them into this court, I passed them in this court, there were three of them, and Edwards, the tallest of the two at the bar, he pulled out this piece of silk handkerchiefs, and was shewing it to the others, that confirmed my suspicions, and I went and passed them again, and got into Coventry-street to get some assistance to take them, being three of them; I saw abutcher coming out of Newport market, and I asked him to help me and we went and took two of them, one escaped, these are the two that we took.
Q. Was there any conversation between this prisoner, who produced the silk handkerchiefs and the others? - Yes, they were in deep conversation all the way.
Q. How long might they be conversing together? - Not five minutes. They made no resistance at all; the handkerchiefs were with Edwards; immediately after they were taken he threw them from him; I saw him throw them down; I am not quite positive whether I picked them up myself or somebody else, but they were in my hands directly, I believe the other man, Smith, had the silk, but I will not take on me to say, the butcher is not here; I heard the prisoners in conversation in this court, and they said, did you hear a buggar of a butcher say, they were gone down Hare-street? I took and carried them to Mr. Ramsey; they were in the same dress they are in now.


                  WILLIAM
                   CARPENTER
               



             sworn.
I was the beadle of the night. On the 20th of April, I think Saturday night, near nine o'clock, they sent down to the watch-house either for beadle or constable, to take two thieves out of Mr. Ramsey's house; I went down and I took another man along with me, and I had some property home with me, which lies here now; I kept it in my custody till we went before the justice, then it was delivered to Mr. Ramsey again after we had sealed it.
Mr. Ramsey. I can swear positively to the silk, because of the pattern; it was a piece I had by me, the remnant of a gown, and the same number as I lost; there was seven in the piece, and one I sold, and these are the six remaining.
Q. You saw the man's arm in the hole of the glass; could you distinguish the colour of his coat? - It does not strike me any observation of that.
Court to Bocknell. How soon might it be after you left this house, that you saw these people in the Hay market? - Not five minutes.
Q. On hearing the noise and going up, did you see any body? - I did not see any of these men; there were many people ran up through curiosity, but the thieves were gone.
Prisoner Smith. I have got a brother that lives in St. James's market; I always carry his linen home of a Saturday night; coming from him through Coventry-court, this gentleman came up and laid hold of this young fellow and me, and said we had done a robbery; I know no more of it than a child unborn.
Prisoner Edwards. I had been on an errand to Mr. Reynold's printing office in Piccadilly; coming down Coventry-street I met this young fellow, and this gentleman laid hold of both me and him, and said we were the persons that committed the robbery; it is no such thing, sir, says I; in the mean time there were two hundred or three hundred people round about at the time; I know no more of it than a child unborn.
The prisoner Edwards called one witness to his character.


                  Thomas
                   Smith
               



            , 


               GUILTY, of stealing to the value of 39 s.
             only. (Aged 14.)


                  Thomas
                   Edwards
               



            , GUILTY, ditto (Aged 17.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
