





473. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of July
, two sets of brass castors, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Oakley
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Shackleton
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   BIRD
               



             sworn. - I am fourteen years of age, errand boy to Messrs. Oakley and Shackleton, cabinet-makers and upholsterers

, No. 22, St. Paul's Church-yard. On the 10th of July, between seven and eight o'clock, I was coming round by Fleet-market


, in my way to Saffron-hill, with four sets of castors in my pocket; I had got two sets in each pocket; there was a mob with a horse that had fell down; I stood looking on; I felt one pocket lighter than the other, and I turned round, and saw the prisoner half-way in the road with the castors in his hand; he went across the road to three more men in Bridge-street; and they all four went up Bridge-lane passage; I directly ran into the road; I met a major, and told him, that the shortest of those men had robbed me; he went after them, and, just before I got to the prisoner, he threw down a little clasped hymn book, and, when the soldier laid hold of him, he threw down my two sets of castors into the railing of a public-house; I picked up the castors and the book.


                  GEORGE
                   BURLING
               



             sworn. I am serjeant-major in the East London militia. On the 10th of July, I had been drilling the gentlemen of the Loyal London Volunteers; coming back, I met the boy crying, just at the end of Bridge-street; I followed the person that he said had robbed him, which was the prisoner; he was with three others, and he turned down Bride-lane passage; going through there, he threw a small clasped book from him, the boy picked it up and gave it to me; he said he had lost some brass castors; he dropped them, but I did not see him drop them; when I laid hold of him, they laid close by him; I saw him throw the book away.


                  THOMAS
                   UNDERHILL
               



             sworn. I am one of the beadles belonging to Bridewell Hospital, the prisoner was brought to me, I took charge of him, for stealing two sets of brass castors for Pembroke tables.


                  WILLIAM
                   OLLIFFE
               



             sworn. - I am servant to George Oakley and Thomas Shackleton; I know nothing about the property.
Bird. These are the same castors I gave to the serjeant-major.
Burling. These are the same castors I gave to the beadle.
Prisoner's defence. I am quite innocent of the crime; I have lived in good families, and they always gave me a good character.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
