





321. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  HEWITT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
, a pair of cotton stockings, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Patty
                  



               
            , 
               
                  Richard 
                  Burchall
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Coombs
                  



               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   MERIDITH
               



             sworn.
I live with Messrs. Patty, Burchall and Coombs; they are partners in trade; I know the prisoner at the bar; on the 12th of March, between three and four o'clock in the evening, he came into the shop and asked for some white cotton stockings; I was then serving two customers behind the counter; I referred him to the opposite side of the shop to a young man to shew him some, which he did he shewed him a paper of ribbed stockings which he disapproved of; the young man is not here, he turned his back towards the prisoner, I looked at the prisoner in the mean time and I saw him take a pair of stockings and lodge them in his breast, between his waistcoat and his shirt; I went immediately and catched hold of him by the breast and took him on one side, and told him he had got something there that did not belong to him, and wished him to step up to the counting house, there he was searched; I had hold of him all the time; the stockings weretaken from between his waistcoat and shirt in my presence, they are marked with the prosecutor's private mark, they are in the custody of the constable now.


                  RICHARD
                   BURNIS
               



             sworn.
I produce the stockings, I had them of one of Mr. Burchall's clerks, they have been in my possession ever since.
Meridith. The name of the clerk is 
               
                  Henry
                   Derrett
               



            , they are the same stockings as taken from the prisoner.
Prisoner. I enlisted for a soldier at Coventry, and I was brought up and examined at the India House, and I was rejected; I took them to carry me home to Coventry.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
