





259. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     COX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of May
, a child's muslin frock, value 1s. three childs linen caps, value 9d. three cotton stockings, value 6d. two yards of lace edging, value 3d. a woman's cotton gown, value 4s. and three yards of silk ribbon, value 3d.
             the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Pussord
               




            .


                  WILLIAM
                   PUSSORD
               



             sworn.
I keep the the Mermaid tap, Hackney




.
Q. Did you lose the things in the indictment? - Yes, I did. They were taken from the prisoner in the kitchen; she was a servant; she came the 27th of April; she refused to do her work, and her mistress told her she might go about her business; and she went up stairs and packed up her things, and when she came down we observed she looked very think about the waist, but did not suspect the robbery at that time; she was fondling over the child to take her leave of it, she took up her apron to wipe her eyes, and Mrs. Pussord discovered the gown through her pocket holes.
Q.Is your wife here? - She is not, I was present the whole time. It was round her waist under her gown, this led to the discovery of the other things, we made her turn her pocket out, there was some tristing things there not mentioned in the indictment, they turned her apron up, where she had concealed two of the stockings I believe.
Q. Did you find about her person all the articles in the indictment? - The whole of them. I delivered them to the officer.
Q. Did you deliver them yourself? - No, I believe it was my wife delivered them into his hands.
Q. Do you know the things again? - Yes, I do.
Q. You had not discharged her? - No, I believe Mrs. Pussord would have continued her, if she had not found these things.
Q. Is she a single woman? - I believe she is.


                  WILLIAM
                   DOUDLE
               



             sworn.
I am a hatter; I was at Mr. Pussord's the same afternoon, and heard that this girl was detected. I went into the kitchen and see her take from her bosom a child's frock and one stocking, I believe with another article or two, which I cannot recollect what they were, she was then taken up stairs to be searched, I then went home.
Q.What was done with this child's frock? - Mr. Pussord had it.


                  JAMES
                   GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn.
I am an officer at Hackney, I produce the things delivered by Mrs. Pussord to me. I know nothing of the transaction.
Q. You have kept them to this time? - Yes, I have.
Q. Were they delivered to you the same day the girl was examined? - Yes, I was sent for directly after she was examined.

Prosecutor. The gown I am positive, to, and here are the initials to a pair of the stockings.
Prisoner. My master used me very ill at the time that he sent for the constable to take me up, and so did my mistress; and when I came here to the prison, I had the black and blue in my arms where he pinched me, and threw me down, and he served another poor girl the same before, that old cotton gown my mistress said that she would give it me, and how it came in my box I don't know. I told her the work was too hard for me without she could get a woman to help me to clean the house, as the house had been white washed, and painted all over.
Prosecutor. She had no box.
Q. How much money was due to her at this time? - Three Shillings.
Q. She says she complained the work was too much for her? - Not a word of that kind.
Q. You said that she should not do her work? - I believe that was with being tipsey, she was very tipsey at that time.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
