





204. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GRIMES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of March
, 400 lb. weight of hemp, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Armstrong
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCIS
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
I am a wharfinger
. The prisoner worked forked for me. I lost 400 lb. weight of hemp the 28th of March: he did not work for me that day. (Deposed to the hemp.)


                  WILLIAM
                   TOMM
               



             sworn.
I am servant to 
               
                  Joseph
                   Hutton
               



            . The prisoner came about ten minutes before one, at noon, and asked my master's car-man if he wanted a job; they did not agree; I ran after him and asked him if he wanted a cart? he said, yes, for three or four small bundles of hemp, and a few more small things: I drive a cart: I asked him where? he said, over the water, to St. George's church; I agreed with him for four shillings; he ordered me to the wharf; he went before me to Miller's wharf; it was about ten minutes after one; he was up in the warehouse of the prosecutor with his coat off, and his hat off; and he looked out and said, hah; and he threw out four bundles of hemp into my cart; he said, no more; he told me to drive to St. George's church; but I was stopped at the gate by one of the men; I took notice of the hemp; this is part of it.


                  HENRY
                   JOHN
               



             sworn.
I am Mr. Miller's servant. Mr. Armstrong takes a part of the warehouse. I saw the prisoner go up into the warehouse, and watched him, suspecting him; I see him throw the hemp into the cart, and the cart came in; I stopped the cart; but before that the prisoner came down; says I, who have you been loading that hemp for? says he, for Mr. Yates; I took him up to Mr. Armstrong; going up Bond-street, says he, do let me go, Harry; says I, I cannot.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A gentleman met me about twelve with a pair of boots, and horse whip, and he wanted a cart; says he, it is to take 400 lb. weight of hemp into the Borough; he said, he was in a hurry; at Millar's wharf; if you will load it, it is all ready looked out; and he promised to satisfy me for my trouble; he gave me a pot of beer, and ordered me to get a cart and load the hemp.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Lord KENYON.
