






254. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BENNET
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of April
, a Kidderminster carpet, value 1l. 8s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Southam
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   SOUTHAM
               



             sworn.
I am a broker
, in Charles-square, Hoxton


. I lost the carpet the 2d of April, from the rails before my door, I was not at home myself when it was missed, I was told it was about twelve o'clock,I went out about nine o'clock, I hung it out then, it was missed during my absence, I returned about five o'clock in the evening, I never saw the prisoner till the Friday, this was on Wednesday; I never saw it again till I saw the prisoner at the police office, I had a little boy who saw it, but the friends of the prisoner have taken him away, and secured him somewhere where we cannot find him, his name is 
               
                  William
                   Kemp
               



            .


                  THOMAS
                   BURROWS
               



             sworn.
I live in Charles-square, Hoxton, with Mr. Southam, the little lad came and told my sister that two men were stealing the carpet.
Q. Did you see any thing of the prisoners? - Yes, I followed them.
Q. About what time of the day was it? - About twelve o'clock. I ran out and ran round Charles-square, and down Pitfield-street, I turned myself round into Old-street road, and saw the thieves running with the carpet, these were two of them, one had the carpet, I saw it.
Q. Who were these persons that were running? - I don't know their names, them there are the two fellows, they were running together.
Q. Which of them had the carpet? - I cannot tell, but I believe the biggest had it. I hallooed stop thief! and they dropped the carpet directly, they ran on about twenty yards after they had dropped the carpet, and they were stopped.
Q. Did you pick up the carpet? - No, a gentleman picked it up and took it into another gentleman's house in Old-street-road; I saw the person pick it up. As soon as the men were stopped they were brought back by some young man.
Q. How far were they stopped from the place where the carpet was dropped? - About twenty yards, I did not see any more of them till they were brought back, I went to take care of the carpet. I am sure that is the carpet they dropped, because I know it, and have seen it.
Q. How do you know that that is the carpet, that either of the prisoners dropped? - Because there was never another on the road besides that.
Q. How far was you from the carpet when it was dropped? - About two hundred yards.
Q. Did you go up to the carpet as soon as it was dropped? - Yes.
Q. Did you see the carpet after it was dropped by one of the prisoners, and before any body picked it up? - Yes, I ran to pick it up, and the gentleman he ran before me, and picked it up first.
Q. When it was picked up did you examine the carpet? - Yes.
Q. Was it a carpet that you knew very well? - Yes.
Q. How long had it been usually hung at your master's door? - About a week or a fortnight.
Q. Did you look at it for the purpose of enabling you to say whether it was your master's carpet or not? - Yes.
Q. Was it opened? - No, it was rolled up all of a heap; I am sure it is Mr. Southam's carpet, and I did undo it a little, to look at it, but not all.
Q. But how are you sure that that is the very carpet, that one of the prisoners dropped? - I am sure it was, I saw it again as soon as the prisoners were taken in Old Street-road, in another gentleman's house.
Q. Do you know the size of the carpet? - Three yards by three and a half.
Q. When you received the alarm, did you observe that the carpet was gone then from the door? - Yes.
Mr. Wentworth. I am for Bennet. When you first missed the carpet and ran out, did you see Bennet? - No, not either of them, but when I see them in Old-street, I never lost sight of them till I got to them.

Q. I believe you don't know which had the carpet? - Yes, the biggest had the carpet, (Bennet.)
Q. You say you was about two hundred yards from them at the time the carpet was dropped? - Yes.
Q. You are very positive that Bennet had it? - The biggest had, I am positive.
Q. You had never taken any particular notice of the carpet before? - Yes, as it hung out at Mr. Southam's door, I saw it had a dark colour and a light colour, and was a kidderminster.
Q. How long had it hung out at the door; can you be positive, had it longer than a week? - I cannot say, it might hang more, I think it was about a week or a fortnight; I know this is the carpet, there is a piece set in the middle, and this is the same pattern.


                  ROBERT
                   BOND
               



             sworn.
On Monday, the second of April, I was crossing Old-street-road, about twelve o'clock in the day, I heard the cry of stop thief several times, I turned round and I saw the two prisoners come running, first they were coming down Pitfield-street into the road, they were running gently together, I made a stop the space of half a minute; I should have wished to have run after them, but my hands were tied with several articles that I had in my hand, and I could not, and I delivered the articles into my wife's hand, and I pursued them before ever they dropped the carpet. I saw the carpet drop before I could get up to them.
Q. Did you see who dropped the carpet? - Not punctually. I could not with to swear to that; before I could get up to them they were taken.
Q. Did you see the carpet picked up? - Yes.
Was that boy there when it was picked up? - I cannot say whether he was before or behind; my being a particular acquaintance of Mr. Southam's made me officiate in the business. I was told it was his property before I ran after the man. I saw the carpet drop and I ran after the prisoners, and I saw the boy go and claim the carpet. I assisted in taking the prisoners before the magistrate, and I was bound over.
Mr. Wentworth. The prisoners were running gently when you see them? - Yes, when I first see them, but afterwards they mended their pace.
Q. You cannot say who had the carpet? - I could not wish to say that.
Q. The boy did not claim the carpet at the time? - It was not taken up nor dropped at the time, I almost got the start of them, but they were taken before I quite came up.
Court. They were running as in company? - They were side by side.
Southam. When I first purchased this carpet, I purchased it from a gentleman in Little St. Thomas Apostles, and it was cut to sit the room, the fire place was in the corner, and it made the carpet very aukward for another customer, I therefore took off the corner that projected out and made the carpet a square one, and there had been a hole burnt in it, and a piece that I cut off from the corner, I grafted in myself with my own hands; I had purchased it a considerable time, but I had hung it out for sale for about a week or fortnight. I can positively say to that being the carpet, I put out that morning.
Q. How long have you had it back again? - From Friday, the 4th of April, the day that they had their second hearing, and Mr. Colquohon desired I would take it home, it was hung out on my premises where I always hang out things.
Prisoner Bennet. I leave it to my counsel.
Prisoner Jones. I know nothing of this young man here.

The prisoner Bennet called five witnesses, and the prisoner Jones two, who gave them good characters.


                  John
                   Bennet
               



            . 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 17.)


                  Edward
                   Jones
               



            . GUILTY. (Aged 18.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMSON.
