





505. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     RUSSEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October
, one sextant, unfurnished, made of wood, brass, and ivory, value 50 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Gota
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   GOTA
               



             sworn.
I am a mathematical instrument maker
, No. 146, Wapping


; on Tuesday, October 9th, between eight and nine in the morning, while I was at breakfast, a young lad knocked at the door and asked me if I had lost any thing, I looked round and saw a glass case door open, and the sextant in it taken out; this glass case stood in the shop, about nine feet from the door, against the shop wall; I immediately missed the sextant; I received information of it; I went and saw it; at one o'clock a boy came, and I went with him and caught hold of the prisoner in Newmarket-street, at the bottom of Gravel Lane, he was with his companion, he d - d my bloody life and said he would rip it up if I did not let him go; he was in company with another; he ran from me and ran down King-street; I never lost sight of him at that time, but I did afterwards till he was secured; he was taken that evening, and I saw him at Justice Davis's; I found the sextant in the house of one of the evidences, Downing, between one and two o'clock; hesaid that the prisoner had left it about ten minutes, and gave no further account of it, and justice Davis thought proper to commit him; about six o'clock the same evening the prisoner at the bar came to Downing's house to demand the instrument, and he was seized; it was made of ebony, brass and ivory.


                  WILLIAM
                   ETHERINGTON
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I produce the sextant, I got it from Downing, a shoemaker; Mr. Gota gave me charge of him; I have kept it ever since.


                  BARTHOLOMEW
                   CONNER
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer; I was coming from my day's work; I lodge at Downing's, and the prisoner came and asked for what he had left in the morning, it was the 9th of October, Tuesday, I never saw him before; he asked for the thing he had left in a blue apron that morning; he did not say what it was; I never saw the sextant in the house: I took him into custody, and had him to the justice.


                  SUSANNAH
                   CHAMPION
               



             sworn.
I lodge at Mr. Downing's, the shoemaker, in King's-street, Wapping this young man came in at eight or nine o'clock in the morning; I had never seen him before; he is the same man that brought the quadrant into Downing's house, and came for it; he said I will leave this here for a minute or two, and ran off again, before he could get an answer.
Did you ever see this man with Downing? - I never did; Downing did not know it was there till twelve o'clock; he never knew it was in the house till his wife examined; the owner of it came and took it away from our house, but, between six and seven at night the prisoner came and asked for what he had left in the blue apron in the morning, and he was taken by Conner.


                  MARY
                   HAMPTON
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner come in the morning, between eight and nine, and asked leave to leave that thing in the blue apron; Downing did not come in till he had seen the owner, and he came in for it, and took it out to carry to the owner, and the prisoner came again about six or seven at night, for the thing he had left in the blue apron, and Conner said if he would come in he would give it him, so when he came in he took hold of him.


                  CHARLES
                   DOWNING
               



             sworn.
I am a shoemaker; I was committed upon a charge of taking this instrument; I went out about eight in the morning; Mr. Gota was running down, and asked me if I saw a man with a long white coat pass by, I told him I had not; I went up to the house and got the thing to carry it to Mr. Gota's house, and at the bottom of New Market-street, he got me there, and gave me in charge to an officer, and had me before the magistrate, and I was committed, and he discharged me afterwards, upon proper evidence that I was not in the house; I never saw the prisoner before; Mr. Gota's house is about a quarter of a miles from mine.
Court to Prosecutor. Was that boy a servant of yours? - No. (Deposes to the sextant).
Prisoner. A man who appeared to be a steward of a ship asked me to carry this to No. 2, King's-street; I carried it, and the man went with me, and the same man went with me at six o'clock to fetch it.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY 30 s.
             (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
