






328. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  M'GOWING
               



             and 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     SCANDLING
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Moses
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of twelve in the night, on the 25th of June
 last, and burglariously stealing therein, a cloth coat, value 4 s. four cloth jackets, value 18 s. a pair of woollen striped breeches, value 8 s. five shirts, value 15 s. two silk handkerchiefs, value 7 s. a pair of cloth trowsers, value 6 d. a pair of linen drawers, value 6 d. a sheet, value 1 s. and an iron window-pin, value 1 d. his property
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  ABRAHAM
                   MOSES
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 68, Cable-street


; I am a salesman
. I went to bed, Monday week at night, about eleven. I saw my house fastened forwards and backwards; my children lay in the shop; I lay up one pair of stairs: the next morning at seven I called to my eldest boy; I missed his clothes, and some jackets and shirts. I went down stairs and missed the things in the indictment, andthe pin out of the shutter; the shutter was put up again; there is no glass window; the pin was fastened with a key, but no string, and I suppose the key fell out in turning the pin round; I saw it fastened myself before I went to bed; I make it a general rule. The next morning I heard of the things by two officers going to Justice Staples's; the prisoners were in custody.


                  THOMAS
                   IVERS
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole; (produces some of the things) I stopped them on 
               
                  Michael
                   Scandling
               



             about half after one, or nigh two, at Saltpetre Bank; the other prisoner was with him; they were both secured: M'Gowing had another small bundle which contained these child's breeches and a jacket, on his back, which the prosecutor owned.
Prosecutor. I am positively sure to the child's clothes and these breeches and the jacket and trowsers.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner's counsel. The prisoners wish to know how often you have been in custody within these two years? - I do not know that I was in custody.
About four years ago you was not in custody for being concerned with a desperate gang of water-pirates? - Whether I was in custody; I was not in custody; I was taken, for they said they sold me things.
Was you ever in custody about some Prussian blue? - Why that is the same affair.
Was you ever committed from Litchfield-street for robbery, for which you at present stand indicted? - Was I committed for robbery, I never was committed for no robbery.
You never was in Litchfield-street, perhaps? - Not as I know of.
Do you mean to swear you was not? - That I was not committed; why there was something that somebody said.
Is there, at this time, an indictment against you for it? - Not as I know of.
How long is it since you was admitted a witness in Worship-street, about some callico; how long ago is that? - Mr. Garrow, if you will give me leave one thing, was I not to come here at all.
Answer the question, how long is it since you was admitted a witness for the crown in Hog-lane or in Worship-street, for it bears both names, I believe about some callico? - I believe that is about eighteen months ago.
How long is it? - Why how long do you think.
How long do I think! - You never was charged for any thing of the archbishop's plate? - No, Sir, any thing more?
Yes, a great deal more, master Moses? how long is it since you was taken for purchasing a chest of tea that had been stolen? - I know nothing at all about it.
Do you mean to swear that; because though this is passing off pretty easily, there is a shorthand-writer taking down your answers? - I never purchased any.
That is an answer to my question; have you never been charged with it? - I might have been charged with it, but I never bought any.
Is Mrs. Moses at this time indicted? - I will tell you, gentlemen of the jury, if a man has been guilty once of a fault, he is always guilty; I can bring you sufficient housekeepers in our parish; I will take particular care if a man has been guilty once of a thing that he will never be guilty of again; I shall be very particular for the future.
How long is it since your wife was apprehended and taken to Shadwell-office, and kept in Elby's house for a robbery? - I will tell you how that is: we keep a shop; a woman came to our house, and begged and prayed (her husband was pressed) that we would buy an article, and it had the misfortune to be stolen; we are very particular now, and have been for this long time past.
Now I just read you the conclusion of what these poor men had been put in: they say they hope your Lordship will inspect your manner; for that since New South Wales has been established, you, Mr. Moses, have been the cause of sending moreyoung men to that place, than all the officers of justice put together, which can be proved by 
               
                  John
                   Cook
               



            , belonging to Mr. Staples's office, that your house has been searched very often for stolen goods, and that your house has been threatened to be indicted by your neighbours for a nuisance.
Court. Call 
               
                  John
                   Cook
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   COOK
               



             sworn.
Here is a jacket, a shirt, and coat; I found the jacket on the back of the prisoner Scandling, and the coat on the back of M'Gowing, on the 26th about nine in the morning, in the watchhouse; I have kept it ever since.
Do you know 
               
                  Abraham
                   Moses
               



            ? - Yes, I do.
What sort of character has he? - Why his character is not very fairish.
Do you think that he is a man to be believed on his oath? - Why I never heard to the contrary to any thing not about being in a court.
But I ask you where there is no reward? - I beg your pardon.
You and he have hunted in couples very often? - I never searched his house but once; I never had him in custody.


                  RICHARD
                   COOPER
               



             sworn.
I was a watchman in Whitechapel; at about two in the morning, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Ivers
               



             called me to his assistance; there were two men with two bundles; we took them to the watchhouse.


                  JOSEPH
                   WEST
               



             sworn.
I produce a shirt which I took off M'Gowing's back the 26th of June in the morning, in the watchhouse.
Moses. This is my shirt with my name on it; I cannot swear to the jacket particularly; I believe the check shirt to be mine; but there may be more.
PRISONER M'GOWING's DEFENCE.
I met this young man in the street; he had these things; I asked him the way to White-yard; I was just paid off a man of war; he said he had some things; he found them, and I took some of them.
PRISONER SCANDLING's DEFENCE.
I had no money; I was going out to sleep in the brick-field; and I picked up a bundle, and I met this young man; says I, shipmate I have found a bundle; here it is; do you know what to do with them, whether to take them or leave them; d - n me, says he, I would take them, and the man met us and took us.
RICHARD M'GOWING, MICHAEL SCANDLING,




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
