





747. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SANDERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
 last, a cloth coat, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Leddie
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   LEDDIE
               



             sworn.
I deal in hardware and second hand clothes
, and live in High-street, St. Giles's


. I lost a coat; I saw it an hour before; it hung up for sale: it was on Monday, the 27th of September: I took him the 28th.


                  MICHAEL
                   RYAN
               



             sworn.
I work with the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner take the coat: I was in the back shop: I saw him lap the coat under his arm: I thought then he had bought it: it was about one o'clock: I saw his face: he asked me the price of a coat before he took this: he came the night following to the shop; I came down off the counter immediately; I went out and took him: he said nothing. I do not know a halfpennyworth more.


                  SUSANNAH
                   BURNETT
               



             sworn.
I keep a shoe shop next door: he came past my shop nine or ten times: I sent a girl to watch him; that was about a minute before he took the coat: it was about one o'clock on Monday.


                  ANN
                   SLATER
               



             sworn.
Mrs. Burnett told me to watch a man: I did not see his face; but I saw him take the coat: his back was towards me: he came the next afternoon, about four o'clock.
Mrs. Burnett. I am sure to the man.
Prosecutor. I never had my coat again.
Prisoner. I know nothing of it: that day he says I took the coat I was at work.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
