





33. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GROUT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing one canvas bag, value 6d. forty-one pounds of lump sugar, value 2l. 4s. nine pounds of moist sugar, value 6s. 10d. and twenty-one pounds of soap, value 1l. 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Noton
               



             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Eade
                  



               
            , November 5
.
The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.


                  ROBERT
                   FLYNN
               



             sworn.
I am a porter to Messrs. Noton and Eade: On the 4th of November I was sent to the Talbot-inn, in the Borough, with this grocery; I went up Cannon-street


; I pitched my load to rest me, on the bulk at the London Stone, and a man came up and asked me to direct him to the Swan with Two Necks, in Lad-lane; after I had directed him, I turned round, and the goods were gone off the place; as soon as I missed them I ran up Swithin's-lane; to the best of my knowledge I saw the prisoner, Grout, run up the lane, and another man with him; he had the goods on his shoulder; I cried, stop thief; he dropped the goods, and the other man came running towards me, and ran against me; John Perkins stopped him, and brought him to me; he wanted to go down on his knees and beg my pardon, and begged me not to give charge of him; I told him he had liked to have ruined me for ever; we took him to the Compter; I left the bag in Mr. Smith's warehouse, till I came back again.
Q. How do you know the prisoner was the man who had the bag upon his shoulder? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            From the light of the lamps, to the best of my knowledge.
Q. How far had he run, after he threw down the goods, before he was stopped? - A. About forty yards; he had got out of my sight, but not out of the lane.
On his cross-examination, he said, it would have gone hard with him if he had lost his master's property; that it was very dark; that the prisoner had got completely out of his sight; that he did not recollect, whether or no he said, before the justice, that he thought the man who had the parcel was a shorter man.


                  JOHN
                   PERKINS
               



             sworn.
I am porter to Messrs. Smith and Campbell, grocers, in Swithins'-lane: I heard the cry of stop thief; I was coming to the door as the prisoner passed it; there was a man stopped him before I came to him; his name is Walker; I overtook him about one hundred and fifty yards from the warehouse door, in Swithins'-lane; he said he was not the man that robbed the porter; he was going on an errand for his master.
Q. Had you told him the porter had been robbed? - A. Yes; he did not say who his master was; I told him that, as an honest man, he would have no objection to come down to the porter, to see whether he was the man or not; he said he was not the man, and wished to go about his business; I told him he should not, and Walker and I brought him to the porter; the porter said, he was the man with the goods upon his back; we then took him to the Compter.


                  Q. 
               


            How far was the bag dropped from your warehouse? - A. From twenty to thirty yards.
On his cross-examination, he said, he had nothing on him when he saw him; that there was but one person running besides the prisoner; that he always denied being the man that robbed the porter.

Jury. - Q. As he went by the door, was he running violently, or walking? - A. When I first saw him, Walker was jostling him against the door.
Jury. - Q. He did not say who his master was? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM
                   WALKER
               



             sworn.
I am porter to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Bell
               



            , of Swithin's-lane: On the 5th of November, a little before six in the evening; I was going to the Post-office with letters; I heard a cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner running down the lane, towards me; I did not see any body else in the lane; before he came up to me he crossed the way; I crossed the kennel to meet him, and bid him stop; he said he was not the person, and he would not be stopped; I caught hold of his coat, and he hit me on the left arm, and got from me; he damned me, and said, he would not be stopped; I pursued him, and told him he should be stopped; I caught him again, and Perkins came to my assistance; the porter was down below, taking care of his goods; when we took him back to the porter, he said, he could swear that was the man that had the goods upon his shoulder; the prisoner said first, he was going to Smithfield; afterwards, he said, he was going to Blacksriars-bridge, to order some coals of a coal-merchant; and he offered to go down upon his knees, several times, to ask the man pardon, if he would only let him go.
Upon his cross-examination, he said, there was nobody in the lane when he was running; that he lives opposite Salters' hall-court; that when they brought him to the porter, he said, he was the man.
Jury. - Q. Did he say, that he was not the man that robbed the porter? - A. He said, he was not the man.


                  RICHARD
                   RUTTER
               



             sworn.
I sent the man out with the goods, that is all I know of it. I am clerk to Messrs. Noton and Eade.
Mr. Knapp. - 
               
                  Q. 
               


            What is the firm of your house? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Noton and Eade.
Q. Nobody else has any interest in the business? - A. No.(The goods were produced in court).


                  Q. 
               


            (To Flynn). - Is that the bag you lost? - A. Yes; I am sure they are the same things I lost; they are dirty where he threw them down.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Rutter). Is there any mark upon them? - No; the bag was directed to Mr. Marsh, of Chichester.
Mr. Knapp to Rutter. - Q. There is no mark upon the bag, but that direction? - A. No.
Prisoner. - I leave my defence to my counsel.
The Prisoner called Michael Warren, Thomas Jenkins, 
               
                  James
                   Smith
               



            , and 
               
                  William
                   Lowins
               



            , who had known him from his infancy, and gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.




[Transportation. See summary.]


