





343. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BURKITT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of June
, a silver watch, value 30s. a base metal watch chain, value 1s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Sheen
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   SHEEN
               



             sworn.
On Friday morning, the 26th of last month, in St. Ann's-lane, Westminster, I went with the prisoner at the bar, about half past twelve that morning; I met her in the Strand, and being intoxicated she induced me to go home with her at that hour; I had been at my friends that night; I went home with her to her lodging, where I remained till about half past seven, and at half past six in the morning I awaked in her apartment; when I awaked I found my watch in my pocket safe; and being amazed at the place I was in, I got out of bed and dressed myself, went to the window, and found the morning very disagreeable and wet, and did not like to go out at that time; I sat in the chair and dozed a little, and afterwards fell asleep, and in the same time the prisoner at the bar got out of bed, she drew my watch out of my pocket while I was asleep, and at her drawing it out I awaked, and I perceived it in her hand; but seeing a soldier in the room, and another woman, I was afraid to make much resistance in getting my watch from her; I told her to give me my watch, but she refused it; I asked her for the watch, she would not give it me; she said, she would pawn it for half a crown; then the other woman and the prisoner wentout together, and left the soldier and myself in the room; after some time the other woman returned, I asked her what became of the prisoner at the bar? she told me she did not know, but she believed she was gone to pay a chandler's shop score. Some time after the prisoner returned, I asked her what she had done with my watch? She told me she had pawned my watch for eighteen shillings; I told her I thought it was very hard, and asked her for the duplicate; she would not give it me; I asked her at what pawnbroker's; she would not tell me. After that the prisoner went out; I remained in the room with expectation of finding from the other woman what she had done with the watch, or where the chandler's shop or the pawnbrokers were; but the soldier told me that he believed there was a pawnbroker's in Sutton-ground, of the name of Brown; I went to Brown's, and there was no such thing left there that morning. Then I returned to the Strand again, and I met with the prisoner at the bar; on my seeing her I kept back that she might not perceive me, thinking to find a constable that would take her up, and I met with a man and I asked him if he knew of any constable in the neighbourhood, and I told him I would pay him any thing for his trouble, if he would go and call a constable, and the constable came, and took her to the public office Queen-square; I went with the constable; we were rather soon, and there was a mob of soldiers, about forty or fifty, and some that endeavoured to rescued her; one of the soldiers told me that he perceived the chain of the watch hang out of her bosom; I went up to her and asked for the watch, which she refused to give; I put my hand to her bosom and drew the watch out, in the presence of them all, and gave it the constable, which was produced before the justice.
Prisoner. Ask him whether he did not give it me to pawn for five shillings, because he had no money? - When I met with this woman I had five or six shillings, but that money I either gave to her, or she took it from me, I cannot, tell being so intoxicated.


                  JOHN
                   BAWES
               



             sworn.
I am one of the constable of St. Margaret, Westminster. On Friday, the 26th of June, between the hours of eight and nine in the morning, I apprehended the woman, we went to Queen-square office; there were a parcel of soldiers, and a scuffle ensued between the prisoner and prosecutor, and he took the watch out of her bosom, and delivered it into my care, and I produced it at the examination before Mr. Kirby, I delivered it there to the prosecutor.
(Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. I met this gentleman Friday morning, he had no money, and he slept till between six and seven o'clock; he gave me the watch to go and pledge to pay myself, and get some coals; I was to have four shillings; and his coat was all over mud, and he wanted it dried by the fire before he went out.
Bowes. As I took her along she was very much intoxicated with liquor; I asked her what she had done with the watch; she said she had not made away with it. I was surrounded with a parcel of the guards, and I was very much afraid of a rescue.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for Seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
