





532. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     PURFORD
                  , otherwise 
FRANCES PURFITT




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of August
, a red morocco leather pocket book, value 3s. the goods of Alice Baker, seven yards of black bombazet, value 10s. nine linen sheets, value 45s. one apron, value 1s. two linen pillow cases, value 1s. two linen table-cloths, value 5s. four pair of cotton stockings, value 4s. one oilcloth umbrella, value 2s. two linen shifts, value 4s. two muslin handkerchiefs, value 4s. one silk handkerchief, value 2s. a linen towel, value 2d. the goods of 
                     
                        Anthony 
                        Crowle
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ANTHONY
                   CROWLE
               



             sworn.
I live at Islington


; I can only speak by report; I was informed there was some property missing.


                  ALICE
                   CROWLE
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of Mr. Crowle.
Q. Did you lose the articles in this indictment at any time? - Yes; in the dwelling-house of Mr. Crowle, between the 19th of June and 31st of July; the prisoner was an occasional servant to work at her needle.
Q. I see there is a pocket book, and several other articles; what were all these things kept in different parts of the house? had you any drawers broke, or any locks at any time? - None at all.


                  Q. 
               


            Perhaps you have seen some of this property since it hath been recovered? - Yes.
Q. When did you first hear of it? - It is all in the hands of two pawnbrokers.
Q. Did you miss them before you heard any account of them at the pawnbrokers? - Yes; and on her being searched the duplicates were found in her apartment, and that they laid at the pawnbrokers.
Q. How came you to look to her? - Missing a considerable number of things and having had no other reason to suspect any other servant, we suspected her.
Q. When had you her taken up and searched? - I cannot tell; it was the beginning of August.
Q. Perhaps the person is here who searched her? - Yes.
Prisoner. I have no further to say, then that she said she would then forgive me, and you lent me the umbrella to go to Colbrook-row.


                  ALICE
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I am a single woman; I lost a pocket book; I cannot tell the day I lost it; I believe it was in June.
Q. Where did you lose it from? - From a drawer.
Q. You lived in this family, did you? - I did.


                  Q. 
               


            Should you know it were you to see it? - Perfectly well.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you seen it since? - Yes, I have.


                  SAMUEL
                   BARNARD
               



             sworn.
I am one of the officers of the Parish of St. Luke. I was sent for by the prosecutor on Monday, the 5th of August, or the 4th. On Tuesday he got a search warrant from Mr. Alderman Staines; I did not see the prisoner till she was in custody by the City Officer; I saw her when she was detained in herroom, which was her apartment, as I suppose, on Tuesday, between one and two o'clock.
Q. Where were her apartments? - No. 9, Red Cross-street.


                  Q. 
               


            Was you present when she was searched? - Yes; in the premises I found sixty duplicates; they are all together as they were found; as they are all put in this identical cloth, so I kept them.
Q. Have you any thing else to say that is material? - We found them in a locker, where, I believe, some coals had been formerly kept under the window.
Q. It was locked? - No.
Q. In what part of the premises was it, in the parlour, or in the first floor front room? - In the first floor front room.


                  Q. 
               


            Had she the whole house? - Not that I know of; I believe she was only an inmate; I saw her in this apartment myself.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you any thing there besides duplicates? - No.


                  WILLIAM
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Berry, pawnbroker, in Aldersgate-street; I produced a red morocco leather pocket book, seven yards of black bombazet, nine linen sheets, one linen apron, two linen pillow-cases, two linen table cloths, four pair of cotton stockings, one linen shift, one muslin handkerchief, and a silk handkerchief.
Q. Did you receive them all at one time, or at different times? - Different times.


                  Q. 
               


            See if any duplicates found on her, correspond to this property? - Yes; there are twelve.


                  Q. 
               


            Just look at the date of this; tell me which is the first and last date? -  The 20th of June is the first, and the 25th of July was the last; the greatest part are in my hand writing.
ROBERT KITCHEN sworn.
I am constable of the out parts; an officer came to me the 5th of August, and said he wanted a search warrant. We then went to Alderman Staines; and got a search warrant; we then went to No. 19, Red Cross-street, and into the first floor, and searched them; the mother and two daughters lived together; they rent that room.
Court to Thompson. Who pawned all these things? - I believe the prisoner at the bar pawned all of them.
Q. You know her? - I do, I am sure as to her person.
Q. In what name are they pawned? - In the name of 
               
                  Ann
                   Brown
               



            .
Mr. Crowle. What name did you know her by? - 
               
                  Frances
                   Purfitt
               



            .
Q. And found these duplicates wrapt up in this piece of cloth? - Yes.
Miss Baker. This is my pocket book, I know it by the singularity of its make, and by its cut; here are a pair of scissors with silver bows, and one of the bows is broke, the pocket book is lined with green silk; I am sure they are mine.
Q. How long had you had it? - A very short time, it was the gift of a person that is since dead; I know the work of the lock, and the work about the book, I have no doubt in the least: I missed such a one.
Q. What is the value of it? - The young woman pledged it for three shillings and six-pence.
Q. To Mrs. Crowle. How do you know it? - The bombazet hath several notches in it; I am certain of it, there is seven yards of it, and it cost two shillings a yard.
Q. You think it is fairly worth ten shillings? - I should suppose so. Here are nine linen sheets, two of them, are marked; the linen pillow cases are all marked.

THOMAS SIMMONS sworn.
I am a cooper, I never knew any thing but what was just and honest in all her dealings.


                  ELIZABETH
                   SIMMONS
               



             sworn.
I have known her ever since she was born; I was acquainted with her father and mother before she was born; I have entrusted her with my property many times in every thing, and never missed a farthing.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
