






731. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GIBSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Brownless
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night, on the 2d of October
, and burglariously stealing therein, a child's dimity petticoat, value 6 d. a muslin cap, value 6 d. a dimity pocket, value 2 d. and two pieces of muslin, value 2 d. the goods of 
                     
                        Richard
                         Brownless
                     



.


                  RICHARD
                   BROWNLESS
               



             sworn.
I had my house broke open on the 2d of October, I was at work abroad, I have little to say in it; my wife is the chief evidence; I found some keys in the house afterwards.


                  ALICE
                   BROWNLESS
               



             sworn.
I was at the outside of the door when it was broke open; it was about half after seven or a few minutes more.
Q. Was it so light then that you could distinguish the features of a man's countenance? - Not without a candle; we had a great many lights at the door, but we could not without those lights distinguish the features of any man.
Q. Suppose there had been no light or candle whatever, and you could only have seen before you by the light in the air, could you distinguish the features of a man's countenance? - I think I could. At my entering the house I opened the door, and I heard a noise, and I heard them come down stairs step by step; when I said three times, who is there? They did not answer but kept coming forward; there were three, but one made his escape, the other two we took; I gave the alarm to the next door, and I had assistance immediately; Mr. Austin, of No. 3, and Mr. Goodyear of No. 8, came out, and they brought back the two prisoners, they were not out of my sight; the first man that came out knocked me down. The things are here which they had about them; there are eleven keys also, three found on them, and the others hid in the house; I took hold of the man by the coat, and had them brought into the house to be searched.
Mr. Knapp. You was before the Lord Mayor, was not you? - No, before Mr. Alderman Gill.
Q. Did you make any charge of any thing being stole? - No, sir, only of the things being moved.
Q. Because I observed in Alderman Gill's commitment, the charge was with an intent to steal? - They were only removed from one end of the room to the other.
Court. That will do.
- AUSTIN sworn.
I was called to pursue the prisoners; I pursued them; I took Gibson before ever he was out of my sight; I believe there was nothing found on him, the constable searched; there were some keys found on one of them.
Mr. Knapp. Where did you apprehend Gibson? - On Snow-hill, just at the bottom of the court where Mr. Brownless lives.
Q. Where does Mr. Brownless live? - In Clarke's-buildings, on Snow-hill.


                  WILLIAM
                   GOODYEAR
               



             sworn.
I am a neighbour to the prosecutor; I remember pursuing the men; I took Crawley, he was not out of my sight; I delivered him up to the constable; there was something found upon him, I believe it was keys.



                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I was called in to search the prisoners; I found three keys on Gibson, two in his pocket and one he threw away into the passage, one is a pick lock key; he said, there is more besides these; I said, if there is more besides these I had better secure you first, and I secured him, and he told me of the pick lock key, mind you did not find that key in my pocket, and you did not find it on me.


                  ROBERT
                   RAWSON
               



             sworn.
I am a tobacconist; I was at Mr. Spilsbury's warehouse, on Snow-hill, and I heard the cry of a woman, murder and thieves! I made an attempt to jump over the brick wall to her assistance, but it was too high, and I ran round, and I saw the man at Mr. Brownless's door taken.


                  JANE
                   AUSTIN
               



             sworn.
Mrs. Brownless knocked at our door; I opened it, and she was holding her own street door by the key, and she said there was somebody in the house.
Court to 
               
                  Richard
                   Bownless
               



            . What did you find up stairs? - At the bottom of the kitchen stairs, under the mat, I found four pick lock keys after the men were committed on the 3d of October. On the 6th of October my wife found four more on the shelf.
Q. As to the things above stairs, did you see your property after your wife left the house? - They were not in the same situation as when my wife went out; but my wife can give the best account of that.


                  Alice
                   Brownless
               



            . I found four pick lock keys on the side of the sink where the men opened the window to try to make their escape out; but when I opened the door they made their effort to come out of it, and Crawley knocked me down, and when I got up this Mr. Goodyear had got a poker to defend himself; and was taking the prisoner.
Q. Do you remember in what situation these things were before the prisoner entered your house? - I left them on a chair on the further end of the parlour, and I found them on a table adjoining to the parlour door, scattered about.
Q. At what distance were they from the place where they had been left? - About two yards.
Mr. Knapp. Pray Mrs. Brownless what time did you go out and leave the house? - About four o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. Have you any servants in the house? - No, I have lodgers but they were gone out of town almost for a fortnight.
Q. How soon did they come home? - Not till the Friday after the robbery was committed, it was committed on Wednesday evening, and they came home the Friday following.
Q. Have you no person that has access to your house? - There is only one person that comes in to make her son's bed, Mrs. Matthews.
Q. Was she there that day? - Without doubt.
Q. Did her son sleep in the house previous to this robbery? - He did.
Q. Had he been in the house in the course of this day? - He came home after the robbery was committed.
Q. Do you know whether the person, the mother of the young man, came in to make his bed after you had left the house? - She had.
Q. Had she a key to let herself in? - She had, and she had a charge to leave the door as she found it.
Q. Where does she live? - By St. Sepulchre's church.
Q. Is she a married woman? - She is.
Q. Does she always come to make her son's bed? - She does.
Prisoner Crawley. I had been up to see an uncle of mine in Oxford-road; I got to Snow-hill about seven or eight o'clock, I heard a cry of stop thief at the end of this court, and some men followed me,and the woman said that I was the man that went out of her house; when she went before the alderman, she said that the things were moved from the table on to a chair, and she said at first she lost some pictures.
Prisoner Gibson. I was sent with a letter from the Chapter coffee house, passing St. Sepulchre's church a man came and told me, and said I was his prisoner, and had committed a robbery up that court, and took me to that woman's house, they came and searched me, and found two keys about me, one is the key of my chest, and the other is the key of a shed that I had the charge of at Blackwell Hall.


                  ANN
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you remember the day that Brownless's house was broke open? - Yes, I was there to make my son's bed, and I found the door fast, and I left it fast.
Q. Did you observe up stairs any child's dimity petticoat, a muslin cap, &c. - I saw none.
Q. Did you ever touch any thing of that sort? - I went to no apartment but my son's.
Mr. Knapp. Matthews, you make your son's bed, I take it for granted, every day? - Yes.
Q. Have you any manner of recollection of the very day of this robbery, except what you have heard since you came into court? - I heard there was an alarm in the house three men being in the house.
The prisoner Gibson called four witnesses who gave him a good character.


                  Daniel
                   Crawley
               



            , 


               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)


                  John
                   Gibson
               



            . 


               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)
Of the Larceny only.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
