





366. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLLINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, seven feet of leaden pipe, value 5 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Bennet
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a certain house of his
            , against the statute.


                  HENRY
                   BENNET
               



             sworn.
I know 
               
                  Henry
                   Bennet
               



            's house, the corner of Newtoner's-lane


; it is in tenements; I rent the whole house; the lead was taken either the 9th or 10th of March, in the morning; I saw it there the 9th; I had information it was missing the 10th of March, between six and seven in the evening; it was gone from the pipe in the passage, conveying the water from the yard; the pipe was fixed to the side of the wall, by wall hooks; it communicated with the tub in the yard; I compared the lead; it fits, and is the exact quantity that was missing.


                  DANIEL
                   HOGAN
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman. I know the prisoner. On Wednesday, the 10th of March, at two in the morning; I was calling the hour; I met the prisoner, within six or seven yards of my box; I asked him what he had; he shewed me a piece of pipe; I found four pieces on him; it was under his coat, two on each side; he said, I might take the lead, and let him go; he did not say to whom it belonged; I have kept it ever since.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I work at a house at Islington, at a cow-keeper's; I am a labourer; I was obliged to be up by three; and in St. Giles's these pieces of lead lay on the foot way, within seven foot of each other; I intended to take it to the watch-box; I was going to carry it to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
