





489. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BRADFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of July
, three linen sheets, value 12s. a cotton gown, value 8s. a cotton petticoat, value 2s. nine mens linen handkerchiefs, value 9s. two linen neckcloths, value 2s. four womens muslin handkerchiefs, value 5s. four linen caps, value 2s. two childrens linen frocks, value 2s. a pair of dimity pockets, value 1s. a woman's linen pocket, value 1s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Willis
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH
                   WILLIS
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Willis
               



            ; my husband is a porter
; I take in washing; I lost several things that were not my own, and several that were; I lost all the articles in the indictment; I went up stairs to dinner about twelve o'clock, Thursday, the 17th of July, a young man. 
               
                  John
                   Lyle
               



            , came up and asked me if I was a washing? I said, yes; and he said, there was a stranger in the passage; and I ran down immediately, and I found the man with my property under his arm, going out of the door; I hallooed out stop thief! a person stopped him about twenty yards from the door; he had dropped the things, they were not taken on him; I have got the things; he took them out of the tub. I can swear to every thing but these foul handkerchiefs; they have been out of my sight, so I cannot swear to them.
- HUTCHINS sworn.
I know the last witness, and I know the prisoner at the bar, I stopped him; I saw him come out of the house with the property under his arm; I heard the cry of stop thief; he was about twenty or thirty yards off, he dropped the bundle, and then I ran after him, and stopped him.


                  JOHN
                   LYLE
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner at Willis's house; I acquainted Mrs. Willis of it, and she ran down immediately, and saw the prisoner go out of the house.
Prisoner. I leave it entirely to your mercy.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
