





461. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of July
, a silk handkerchief, value 14d.
             the property of 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Kemsley
               




            .


                  STEPHEN
                   KEMSLEY
               



             sworn. - About half past twelve o'clock, this day, as I was passing from Hyde-park


 to the Green-pa


rk, just at the gateway, going to Constitution-hill, a person told me, my pocked was picked of my handkerchief, I missed it immediately from my right hand pocket, it was a silk handkerchief.


                  WILLIAM
                   BIRD
               



             sworn. - I was in Hyde-park this morning, and saw the prisoner behind the prosecutor, attempting several times to put his hand in his pocket; he followed the prosecutor out of Hyde-park, across Piccadilly, and just at the entrance of the gate, into the Green-park, he rushed close up to him, and I saw him pull his handkerchief out, I immediately seized him round the waist with the handkerchief in his hand, and we both fell together; then he begged I would not hurt him, I told him I would not; I called a friend who was with me to pick up the handkerchief which he had thrown out of his hand, which he did, he thencalled Mr. Kemsley back, I have had the handkerchief ever since.
- BEDDOWES sworn. - I was with the last witness; we observed the prisoner in Hyde-park several times trying to pick the prosecutor's pocket; he followed him over to the Green-park gate, we followed them, and I saw the prisoner put his hand into Mr. Kemsley's pocket, and take something out, but I cannot swear that it was a handkerchief; I picked a handkerchief up almost immediately, and Mr. Kemsley said, it was his.
Mr. Kemsley. I gave the handkerchief that I received from Beddowes to Bird. (Bird produces the handkerchief).
Mr. Kemsley. This is my handkerchief.
Prisoner's defence. There was a horse prancing and making a great disturbance among the people, and that gentleman took me round the waist and threw me down, and then that other man picked up a handkerchief, I knew nothing at all about it.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
