





292. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ANGAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of April
, two dead fowls, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Hallem
               




            .


                  LUCY
                   HALLEM
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of the prosecutor, I live at No. 1, Water-lane, Fleet-street


, he works for Mr. Lowndes, coal-merchant. I lost a pair of fowls, I saw 
               
                  James
                   Angas
               



             take them out of the window, about half past ten in the morning, they were exposed to sale; I have poultry from Exeter to sell; he changed the fowls from one side of the board to the other, and then ran away with them, I was washing my child in the shop; I called stop thief, and he threw the fowls down about two hundred yards from my door; he was stopped by a gentleman coming out of Messrs. Butts and Hands's, in Fleet-street.
Prisoner. I hope your Lordship will examine this woman well, for she has transported several, and wants to make a property of me; she transported her own son.
Q.(To the Prosecutrix.) Is that true? - A. No, it is not; I never prosecuted any body in my life before.
SARAH RADWELL sworn. - I live eight doors below the prosecutrix: I was looking out at window, and saw the prisoner with another man standing in the lane; then I saw them cross the way, and the prisoner at the bar took up the fowls and ran away with them.
The prisoner called 
               
                  John
                   Truman
               



            , who had known him from his birth, and gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London jury, before Lord KENYON.
