







439. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     INNES
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PALMER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WITH
               




            , were indicted, the two first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of May

, eighty bushels of wheat meal, value 20l. fifty bushels of flour, value 20l. nine hempen sacks, value 20s. and a sack cart, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Hammerton
                  



               
            , Esq.
 and the other for 


               receiving the same goods knowing them to be stolen
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)
JOHN-SHEPHERD KILLICK sworn. - I am son-in-law to Mr. Alderman Hammerton, who is proprietor of the Lea-bridge corn-mills
.
Q. You conduct his concerns on his behalf? - A. Yes.
Q. Has he any partner? - A. No, he has not: In consequence of some information I apprehended the prisoners; I did not know the name of Innes till that day, but he was perpetually with Palmer the publican
, who lives close to the mills on the other side of the river; I went to Palmer's to enquire for Innes, and Palmer denied his being in the house; I told him I was certain he was; and then he directed me to go to the room, which I did, this might be about half past three on Thursday morning the 24th of May, there is a foot-bridge which goes from this house to Mr. Hammerton's premises; I went into the room, and there was Innes lying upon the bed, with his boots on all over flour, his coat was off, and laid upon him, his other clothes he had on; I apprehended both Palmer and Innes; I apprehended With about one o'clock on the same day, at his house at Paddington, he keeps a corn-chandler's shop. The constable produced the warrant to search the premises; I told him we were come to see if he was in possession of any property belonging to Mr. Hammerton ofHackney-mills; he said, we might go over the premises, and in his warehouse was a sack-cart, and some sacks that I am pretty clear came from the mill; the sack-cart was marked 
               
                  C. 
               


            Hammerton four times over, I am in possession of the iron that marked them; there are marks upon the sacks which our man will prove; he said he had bought the sacks at a broker's, about fifteen or eighteen months before; afterwards he denied it, and said he had bought them at a sale but could not tell what sale.
Q. Do you know how long this cart had been made? - A. Not above ten months, there is the maker's name upon the cart; he afterwards said he had bought it of a man who had bought it at a sale.
Q. Had you any conversation with Palmer afterwards? - A. Yes, at the public-house adjoining the office in Worship-street; he said, he wished to speak to me, he wished to turn evidence, and he would disclose such a scene that I should be astonished at; I told him I thought I knew enough already; he said, I did not know one twentieth part respecting the mills, and other concerns too.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. What did Palmer do respecting Innes? - A. He said he did not sleep there; and then afterwards, when I insisted upon searching the house, he told me where he was.
Q. You went afterwards to Mr. With's who keeps a corn-chandler's shop? - A. Yes; and a baker's shop somewhere else.
Q. When you told him the business upon which you came, he was very willing you should search? - A. He said we might see the premises.
Q. And he went with you and the officer? - A. Yes; and two other men, Moses Speckernell and Absalom Phillips; and in the warehouse we found a bolting-mill, which I do not think any corn-chandler would have, but there it was; there was every apparatus for dressing flour, as complete as Mr. Hammerton could have them at his mills.
Court. Q. Do not bakers use a bolting-mill? - A. No, not in town; they may in the country.
Court. Q. Is it the business of a corn-chandler to sell flour? - A. Yes.
Court. Q.Without any apparatus to grind it? - A. None.
Court. Q. Do persons in the mills dress it? - A. The usual course of the trade is, for the miller to dress it.
Court. Q. There were no apparatus for grinding? - A. No.
JAMES GRIFFITHS sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a constable: I was called upon to apprehend Mr. With at his own house, at Paddington; I found a sack-cart, and nine sacks.
Q.Had you any conversation with him? - A.Nothing particular.
Q. Had you any conversation with Palmer? - A. Yes, at a public-house joining Worship-street-office, the same morning he was taken; he asked me if I would speak to Mr. Skillick and Mr. Hammerton, and know if he could be admitted, that he would inform them of many things that would surprise them.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Mr. With shewed you about his premises without the least objection? - A. Yes.
JOSEPH ROBJANT (an accomplice) sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I was employed by Mr. Hammerton, as miller; the prisoner Innes had been a miller, and a helper in our mills; Palmer is a publican at Lea-bridge; Mr. With is a corn-chandler, I have known him six or seven months; I have known Palmer three or four years, he lived in the house of Mr. Hammerton: On the 24th of May, there were five sacks of meal went away from our mills, there were John Innes and 
               
                  Richard
                   Palmer
               



            , and 
               
                  John
                   Limerick
               



            , a man that drove the cart, I believe it was his own cart, I was at work that night and delivered it.
Q. Whose meal was it? - A. I cannot say; some one person's, and some another.
Q. But all out of Mr. Hammerton's mill? - A. Yes; they all three carried it over to 
               
                  Richard
                   Palmer
               



            's; I do not know what became of it after that, I was not out of the mill.
Q. Do you know of any transaction happening on the 20th? - A. No particular day, I cannot say:
Q. In the month of May, and previous to the 24th, can you tell us of any meal being delivered by you, and who to? - A. I cannot say, it might be two or three weeks before the 24th.
Q. To whom did you deliver any thing before that time? - A. Two or three sacks of meal to Richard Palmer and 
               
                  John
                   Limerick
               



            ; 
               
                  John
                   Innes
               



             was present.
Q. Who took those out of the mill? - A. Limerick.
Q. What then became of Palmer and Innes at that time? - A. They were at Palmer's.
Q. Did you see Palmer and the other over the water? - A. Yes; then they all assisted in putting it into the cart, and went away with it.
Q. Do you know any thing of With? - A. I saw him at Palmer's six or seven weeks before.
Q. Do you remember any money being paid for any meal by With? - A. Not at that time; but afterwards he sent the money by Limerick.
Q. How happened it that you knew With? - A.Limerick introduced him to me at 
               
                  Richard
                   Palmer
               



            's.
Q. Was Palmer by at the time of any conversation that passed? - A. Yes; With said, if we could get any meal or flour for him, that was inthe mill, he would give twelve shillings a sack for meal, and we agreed upon that.
Q.Afterwards you delivered these things; where they went you do not know, but Limerick brought you the money? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you any other conversation with With at any other time? - A. Yes; he was there twice after that.
Q. Had you any conversation at those times? - A. No; nothing more than to get any thing what we could for him.
Q. Do you know the cart that used to come for the meal and flour? - A. Yes, but I do not recollect the name of it, it went by the name of Limerick's cart; the sacks were some marked one way and some another, they came out of Mr. Hammerton's mills.
Q. Mr. Hammerton has a contract for Government, and some of the sacks had the Government marks? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you seen the sack-cart? - A. Yes, at the office.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Then the sacks that went away from Mr. Hammerton's mills were differently marked? - A. Yes.
Q. I suppose Mr. Hammerton has frequently in his possession sacks that have the marks of other people? - A. Yes, of people that grind there.
Q. How long have you been servant to Mr. Hammerton? - A. Three years.
Q. How long have you been robbing him? - A. Nine or ten months.
Q. More than that - recollect yourself - have you not said you have been robbing him much longer than that? - A. No, that was the time; it may be a week more or less, I cannot say for a week.
Q. You robbed him very largely in that time, I dare say? - A. Sometimes more, sometimes less.
Q. He was a good master to you? - A. Yes.
Q. And that was the return you made him for his goodness, to rob him? - A. Yes.
Q. When did you happen to tell of all this business? - A. When I was taken up.
Q. Probably you thought you should be hanged if you did not tell of it? - A. No.
Q. Did not you think you deserved to be hanged for it? - A. I thought it would come to no good end.
Q. That is, you thought the end would be the rope, and the gallows? - A. I cannot say that.
Q. Then you impeached other people to save yourself being hanged? - A. Yes, the question was asked me.
Q. You were admitted what we call King's evidence, and then you told this to save yourself from being hanged? - A. Yes.
Q. Cannot you recollect what day of the month this was? - A. I cannot say what day, or what month, I cannot recollect that at all.
Q. What was taken away three or four weeks before the 24th of May? - A. Three or four sacks of meal, and a sack of flour.
Q. How did you keep your account, in your head? - A. Yes; I made no memorandum.
Q. Are you sure there were no sacks marked by Mr. Hammerton that went away at that time? - A. No; I am not sure of that.
Q. How many sacks went away? - A. One sack of flour, and three or four of meal.
Q.Will you swear that any one of them had Mr. Hammerson's mark upon them? - A. No, I cannot.
Q. Who was it took the sacks out of the mill at that time? - A. About one or two o'clock in the morning, before it was light.
Q. Who took them away? - A.Limerick.
Q. Innes and Palmer were not in the mill at that time? - A. No, they were over the water; I went over and saw them.
Q. How far off the mill? - A. About two hundred yards.
Court. Q. Was there any sack-cart at all taken out of your master's mill? - A. Yes; about four months ago, I believe, more or less, and three or four sacks of meal at the same time; they went to With's. (The sacks produced).


                  MOSES
                   SPECKERNELL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am employed by Mr. Hammerton: One of these sacks belongs to John Thistlewood, it was in the mill; this sack belongs to 
               
                  Joseph
                   Bell
               



            , baker, in Watling-street, he employed Mr. Hammerton's mills also; this sack belongs to Mr. Christopher Lance, a flour-factor; here is a sack marked A.Ayliffe, Reading, belonging to Mr. 
               
                  Joseph
                   Bell
               



            , and another with the same mark; there are four with that mark.
Griffiths. I found all these sacks at With's.
Q.(To Speckernell.) Did you ever see any cart belonging to With come to the mill? - A. Never but once; a cart of With's came to Palmer's; I saw the cart afterwards, in the custody of Griffiths, that was the same cart I saw in Palmer's premises, the name upon it is John Tilyard, Hendon, Middlesex.
Q. At the time you saw the cart upon Palmer's premises was there any name upon it? - A. No; but I believe it to be the same cart; it is not like a town cart, it is a country cart.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. The only reason for your knowing that cart to be the same is, that it is a country cart? - A. No; the man that was in the cart gave me great reason to believe so, his name is Limerick, I saw him in the cart about half a mile from the mill at Clapton.

Q.These sacks have the names of persons who have occasionally ground corn at Mr. Hammerton's mills? - A. Yes.
Q. When they sell a sack of flour they send it out in the sack, do they not? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. (To Griffiths.) Q.Where did you find these sacks now produced? - A. In Mr. With's granary; I have had them ever since.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. How many more sacks did you find that you did not take away? - A. A good many, I cannot say how many.
ABSALOM PHILLIPS sworn. - I am employed by Mr. Hammerton: I have seen sacks with the same marks in Mr. Hammerton's mill.
Q. Have you seen the cart that was in Griffith's possession? - A. No; I have seen it upon the road, but not to take particular notice of it; I have seen Limerick with it, but did not know his name at that time.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. This gentleman is a large dealer in flour and corn, and sends sacks about the town? - A. Yes.
Q.Therefore you cannot swear to these particular sacks? - A. No.
Mr. Killick. I have seen the cart since, and I am confident it is the same cart that I have seen at the side of Palmer's house; the name upon that was 
               
                  John
                   Tilyard
               



            , Hendon, Middlesex.
Griffiths. I found the cart between Dalston and Hackney, there was a man driving it, but who he was I do not know, with five sacks of meal in it.
Innes left his defence to his Counsel.
Palmer's defence. I know nothing at all of it, I am wholly innocent of the matter.
With's defence. I know nothing about it; Robjant has sworn this to save himself.
The prisoner Palmer called ten, and With eleven witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Innes, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 37.)
Palmer, GUILTY (Aged 38.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
With, GUILTY (Aged 31.)




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
