





499. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LOWE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing seventeen yards of kersymere, value 8l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           King
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            , July the 23d
.


                  RICHARD
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I live with my father, a Cordwainer, in St. Martin's-le-Grand: On the 23d of July, about a quarter past ten in the morning, I was going past Mr. Smith and King's house, there were two lads coming past, 
               
                  William
                   Lowe
               



             turned back, and went into the house quite bold, as if he was going on business, but when he got in, he began to creep and go softly, there was nobody in the shop, the shopman and partners were in a compting-house, backwards; he creeped till he got to this piece of cloth, he snatched it off the counter, threw it over his arm, and ran out as hard as he could; I was about a yard from the door. I laid hold of his collar, and holloaed out as loud as I could for about a minute before I could make them hear; he dropped the cloth, and Mr. Smith came out and picked it up.
Q. They seemed to be in company? - A. William Lowe turned back, and the other stood at the corner of the window.


                  JAMES
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a woollen-draper

, my partner's name is 
               
                  William
                   King
               



            ; I heard the alarm, went out, and picked up the kersymere, about four yards from the door, (it is produced in Court); it is a length, it has never been cut or opened, here is the manufacturer's mark upon it; I have the invoice that corresponds with the number; there was nobody in the shop, my partner and I and shopman were in the counting-house.(The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.)
GUILTY. (Aged 16.)




               Of stealing the goods, but not privately, in the shop
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
