





82. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     OLIVER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 11th of December
, a leather housen, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Whitbread
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  SAMUEL
                   JORDAN
               



             sworn.
I am store-cellar keeper to 
               
                  Samuel
                   Whitbread
               



            , Esq. Chiswell-street.
Q. Is he in partnership with his father? - No. On last Tuesday evening he lost a leather housen; our drays were standing in Play-house-yard


; one of my men saw this man standing along side, and informed me of the matter, and took the prisoner in this act, and then they sent for a constable.


                  JAMES
                   BURKITT
               



             sworn.
I was loading the two drays in Playhouse-yard; I am a servant of Mr. Whitbread's; I was coming the hindermost dray, and coming to my fore horse, I saw this man cutting my fore horse's housen off, this was last Tuesday night; I am sure it was that man; as soon as he cut it off, he took it in his left arm, and ran up Golden-lane with it; I followed him, and was not above four yards from him all the time; he took it in his right hand, and threw it in a passage, within a door; I followed him, and in about ten yards I caught him, brought him back again to the house where he had thrown the housen in, and a man gave me the housen; and we took him to a house we serve, and had a constable. (The housen produced, and deposed to.)
Prisoner. I had been to look after work, and coming down Play-house-yard, this gentleman ran after me, and cut me with the whip, and I stopped as soon as he told me, and he said, I had been cutting his leather off.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
