






370. 
               
                  
                     JOHN MICHAEL 
                     THIEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of April
, eleven beaver skins, value 20s. six rackoon skins, value 2s. and nine fox skins, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Strahan
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Mackenzie
               



            , and 
               
                  Alex, Glenerie
               



            .
Second Count. Laying them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     French
                  



               
            . And a
Third Count. Laying them to be the property of persons unknown.(The indictment was stated by Mr. Jackson, and the case opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  ROBERT
                   FRENCH
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Trebeck. I am master of the Esdaile
, the owners are James Strahan and 
               
                  James
                   Mackenzie
               



            , she lay at Cherry-garden stairs


, the Surry side of the water; she came from Pensacola, she was laden with skins and fur, the chief part of her cargo was deer skins, and there were rackoon skins, fox skins, beaver skins, and other skins.
Q. Do you know how many ships trade from Pensacola to the port of London? - A. Certainly I do. Only two.
Q. Had the other ship arrived in the river before you? - A. No. About a fortnight or three weeks after. The prisoner was on board my ship as foreman lumper
, the person who overlooks and sees that they do their duty. A lumper is a labourer employed in discharging the ship of her cargo. Upon information I went to Mr. Staples's office. I saw Mr. Rees, who is clerk to Roe and Robinson, who are skin brokers; they were employed as brokers to land this cargo. I went to the house of Mr. Roe, and saw three casks of beaver, rackoon and fox skins. The first cask appeared to be deficient about fifty skins, another was about eighteen or twenty skins deficient, and there were about thirty missing out of the third cask. I could not swear to the skins; the prisoner was often about the casks as a lumper; he was employed about them from Wednesday till Friday; the cargo was not all discharged till Saturday, then I enquired for him, and he was missing.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. At Pensacola the skins are packed up and put into the ship by negroes? - A. Yes; we are sometimes present, but we have no business there.
Q. All the knowledge you have of what is packed up you derive from a bill of lading? - A. Yes.
Q. Perhaps you have known deficiencies when they have arrived in this country? - A. A skin or two may have been found deficient, but not more.
Q. You did not know you had lost any skins till you came to Mr. Staples's office? - A. No.
Q. There were other lumpers under the prisoner's controul? - A. Yes; there are sometimes eight, sometimes ten, sometimes twelve.
Q. How many skins were imported last year? - A. Six hundred of this sort.
Q. The prisoner was missing on Saturday, and you supposed he was pressed? - A. I heard so when I enquired for him; I can swear that these three casks were plundered; Mr. Rees and myself were going to Mr. Robinson's warehouse, where these casks were, and a cooper was sent for; the cooper began on one cask; I said there was one cask I was certain was plundered, I saw the head of it had been taken out; we opened it, and found it had been plundered.
Court. Q. Do you mean to say the casks were of different sizes? - A. Yes, and they were all full.
Q. If such a number as fifty had been taken out, you must have observed it? - A. Certainly; it was very evident.


                  HENRY
                   HENDERSON
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am a seaman on board the Esdaile; Thiel, the prisoner, was there as foreman lumper: On the 21st of April, the surs were discharged; a cask was broke, and the head out entirely at the cabin door, by the steerage; several of the casks had slown, and the prisoner was assisting in coopering the loose casks; he had on a working frock made of canvas; he was employed on the 22d, the day before he was missing; there were two parties of men, some working between decks, and others in the lower hold; the prisoner was at work at the upper main hatch-way; he left the ship at the time the rest did; the ship was cleared of all but the deer-skins at that time; I saw the prisoner's dress more bulky than usual; he had a canvas frock and trowsers, I believe, but am not certain; he looked very bulky about his trowsers; the prisoner went away about three quarters of an hour after that; his dress was the usual dress of a lumper.


                  EDWARD
                   ROGERS
               



             sworn.
I am one of the Police officers of Shadwell. On Saturday the 23d of April I went to the prisoner's house, in company with Haynes and Forster, he was standing at the door; when he saw us he went in; I told the prisoner we were come with a search-warrant to look for furs; the prisoner said he had nothing of that sort; he knew nothing about furs; he admitted that he rented the premises; he went to the passage, and was going backwards; I followed him and he returned with me, and then I saw, for the first time, an handkerchief with furs on the ground floor; I saw some furs in a box under the table, which was broke, they were put into a smock frock, and in all amounted to fourteen skins. I saw the woman bulky about the breast, and I searched and found a skin in her bosom; his wife turned about and said, in the presence of her husband, it was a very hard case her husband shouldsuffer for all, or others, or words to that effect; the prisoner whispered us to go with him to the passage; we asked him where he had got these things; he then told us that he had a little before sent a quantity of skins to Mr. Moses, in Lower Shadwell, and that others were packed up in a handkerchief to send to Mr. Moses; and the other officers took him and his wife to the public-house, opposite the Magistrate's, where there was a lock-up-room; we went the same day to Mr. Moses's house, and found Mr. Moses and his wife, and a man, in the shop; we found, in a little closet, in Moses's house, these seven beaver skins.


                  JOSEPH
                   HAYNES
               



             sworn.(Produces the skins found at the prisoner's house.)
I went, in company with the other officers, to search for skins; he denied having any; when we found the skins, the prisoner told me he bought them at a public-house where they used; we went to Moses's house where the prisoner told us he had sent some skins, and there we found seven skins in a place concealed; we brought them away.


                  WILLIAM
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I keep the Lebeck's head, where the prisoner was put in custody, the prisoner had four skins found in his trowsers at my house.


                  WILLIAM
                   REES
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Robinson and Roe, skin-brokers, our house unloaded the ship Esdaile. In the warehouse we found, in one cask, twenty beaver skins deficient; in another cask, twenty-eight rackoon skins deficient, and in another we opened, we found, I believe, thirty-nine fox skins deficient; I only know of the deficiency by the invoice, which is not here, they appeared to be plundered, one of them had been opened, and the head taken out, they were not so full as they should have been; that which had been opened, contained beaver skins. There are beaver skins among these; there are no beaver skins in the other parcel; they are the same kind of skins that were imported in the Esdaile; they are of the value of 8s. a-piece.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. From the cask not being so full, you were induced to give your opinion that it was plundered? - A. Merely from the appearance of the cask.
Q. I take it for granted that such sort of skins might have been imported in the preceding year? - A. There were too of the same sort of beaver skins imported last year.
Q. Have you heard that they have got into the retail trade? - A. No; except that a hatter may have purchased a few of the regular dealers; On the 23d of April, the cargo of the Esdaile could not possibly have got into private hands.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Would it have been either prudent or proper to have conveyed skins that length of passage with a deficiency of twenty skins? - A. I don't think they would have packed them so.
Captain French. Q. When they pack these casks in Pensacola, they always pack them as close as possible, or they would not keep the worm out; so much so, that in case they have not sufficient beaver skins to fill the casks, they fill them up with other skins of less value in order to keep them full.
Prisoner's defence. My Lord and Gentlemen, I bought and paid honestly for this property.(The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a very good character.)



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 34.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
