





523. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BASKERVILLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, a silver watch, value 2 l. 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bettesworth
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Wright
                        



                     
                   privately in their shop
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BETTESWORTH
               



             sworn.
I keep a shop No. 26, Cranbourn-lane


; my partner's name is 
               
                  Henry
                   Wright
               



            , we are pawnbrokers

; we lost a watch in the afternoon of the 24th of June, about six o'clock; a young man came into the shop to look at a watch, he asked us to let him see one that was marked four pounds; I believe him to be the prisoner; he looked at the watch, and said it must be a good one for that money; he looked at that, and I reached him down another.
Jury. Do you swear positively to him? - I cannot, but I believe; he looked at the second watch, and I reached down the third, which he agreed to give me four guineas for, which watch was laid on the counter; my apprentice standing by removed the other two watches off, and left that on the counter; he then asked to look at a watch chain, he saw three chains, one he fixed on; he then asked for a seal; I asked him gold or gilt? he said, a gilt one; with that I turned myself round to a glass case in order to reach the seals down; the boy took the two which he had not fixed upon to put in the window again; when the boy turned himself about, which he did before I got the seals out, he was gone out of the shop with the watch; the boy turned round and said he is off; withthat the boy run out of the shop, and I after him, going out of the door I asked which way the man ran that went out? the people said he turned round the corner of the street, which is called Bear-street, the boy ran, and I ran; I seeing somebody running down the street, by that calling out stop thief! I saw him at the bottom of the street, and seeing that he was stopped I then returned immediately to my shop, because I had left it with nobody in it; he was soon brought to the door by the constable, and several people more; the constable had the watch.
Jury. There was no money passed between him and you? - None at all.
Court. I think you told us before you cannot be quite sure as to his person? - I cannot.


                  JAMES
                   HANCOCK
               



             sworn.
I was going from St. Martin's-court, and coming towards Bear-street, Leicester-fields, I observed a great concourse of people, in the front of them I observed the prisoner, I heard the cry of stop thief! imagining it to be the prisoner, I immediately ran the other side of the way, and seized him; I see several people snatch at him, he himself was calling out stop thief! I immediately seized hold of him, and clapped my hand to his pocket, in his left hand coat pocket I found the watch, and then Mr. Bettesworth came up, and said that he had been robbed, and I took the watch and boy to Bow-street, and have had it in my custody ever since. (Produced and deposed to.) The maker's name is Cole.
Court to Bettesworth. Had you delivered him that watch, or was it on the counter for him to receive when he paid for that, and the other things that he bought? - It was undoubtedly left till he had paid, while we looked for the other things.
Mr. Hosty. Is this Mr. 
               
                  Cole
               


             a celebrated watch maker? - I fancy he is not; I can produce the man that made it, it is not the real maker's name on the watch, it was made by one Beck.
Q. May he not put the same number on another watch? - On my oath I don't think he would.
The prisoner called four Witnesses who gave him a good character.



GUILTY,
Of stealing but not privately.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
