





208. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     STEPHENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, two hundred and sixty-six yards of printed callico, value 30 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Zenoble
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   ZENOBLE
               



             sworn.
I am a wholesale linen-draper
 in Milk-street


; on Tuesday last, about five in the afternoon, I was writing letters in my compting-house, which is between the fore and back warehouse: 
               
                  James
                   Richardson
               



             was in the front warehouse; he was unpacking a case; I ordered him to take two of the parcels contained in that chest, to a house in Aldermanbury; I called him as he opened the hatch to go out, to look to see what proportion I should charge for freight and carriage of these goods; on returning to me, he did not shut the hatch; and in that moment, I lost some prints: we immediately pursued, I one way, and he the other: and we were informed the prisoner was gone into Wood-street; and looking down Wood-street, I saw the prisoner was by himself: I called no assistance; but just at the corner of Lad-lane, I laid hold of him and the prints, and asked him where he was going with them? he said, to the Cross-keys; I said that was the wrong way for that; and he put them down upon the post; and a young man came by I knew; I desired him to take care of the prints, while I secured the prisoner, and took him to the Wood-street Compter: then I sent for an officer, and charged him: Dixon, the constable, took charge of him and the prints; there were seven whole pieces, and five half pieces of printed callico.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. When had you seen the prints before? - I had not seen the prints for some time before; the hatch was left open: and going through Clement's-court to Wood-street, I saw the prisoner, and he told me some person had employed him to carry them to the Cross-keys, Wood-street.
Prisoner. Did not I ask the prosecutor to stop the man that gave them to me? - No, he did not.
- RICHARDSON sworn.
I live with Mr. Zenoble: about five or six o'clock, I was going out of the hatch; it was just candle-light: my master called me in, and in less than a minute, I missed the prints; they were on the counter when I opened the hatch: I called Mr. Zenoble, and told him the lot of prints was gone; I saw a young woman who told me she saw the man go through the court with the prints on his shoulder.


                  BENJAMIN
                   DIXON
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; on Tuesday last, I was sent for to the Counter; I took charge of the prints, and have had them in my custody ever since.
(Produced and deposed to by Mr. Zenoble.)
Three of them I can swear to by the patterns.
Court to Richardson. Did you pile these goods in the morning? - I did.
Mr. Knapp. It is a very common pattern? - It is not so common; I had only two pieces more.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to work, and met a man who asked me to carry them to the Castle in Wood-street; and he pitched them on a post, and the prosecutor came and took me, and would not hear what I had to say; I shewed him the man that gave them to me to carry to the Cross-keys in Wood-street.
The prisoner called six witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
