





728. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HARRISON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
 last, three yards of Persian silk, value 12 s. one muslin handkerchief, value 6 d. three ounces of thread, value 12 d. three ounces of cotton, value 18 d. twelve yards of tape, value 6 d. three tea-spoons, value 3 s. a glass pepper-box, value 6 d. a gauze cap border, value 8 d. and two yards of tape, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     West
                  




               
            .


                  CATHERINE
                   WEST
               



             sworn.
I am wife to 
               
                  Thomas
                   West
               



            , of Chelsea. The latter end of June last, I lost the things in the indictment, from No. 26, Lower Sloane-street


; I missed the Persian about a week before; the prisoner lived with me as a servant
, five months and a fortnight; I discovered I had been robbed, and suspected another person who was in the house; and I took her up by what the prisoner told me, and found nothing; the prisoner left me,and went to her sister's; and I got a search warrant, and in her box I found all the things in the indictment; her box was at her sister's house; the prisoner said nothing about the box or things.


                  THOMAS
                   HAYLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. I found these things in the box; the prisoner was below stairs; she saw the things; we found nothing upon her, nor in her box; but we found the things in her sister's box, in the prisoner's apartment; her sister had been at my house.
Court to Hayley. When these things were found, did the prisoner say any thing? - No; she fell a crying directly.


                  THOMAS
                   LINDSEY
               



             sworn.
I was at the prosecutor's house all the time, and I was present at the search; I saw every thing taken out of the box, except the handkerchief, which was found round the sister's neck; the girl was brought up, and cried very much; the sister took a key out of her pocket, and unlocked the box; she afterwards declared it was the prisoner's box, and she had lent it to her; the prisoner was by at the time of the declaration: she said nothing before Justice Gordon; the girl declared she had taken the things from her mistress.
Was that reduced into writing? - I cannot tell.
(The Persian and the pin deposed to.)
The prisoner called one witness who gave her a very good character.




               GUILTY
            .
Recommended by the jury and prosecutrix.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
