





137. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAWKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault on the first of January
, on 
                     
                        William 
                        Bacon
                     




                  , and in a forcible and violent manner unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously did demand his money with intent to rob him
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BACON
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you see the prisoner at the bar the first of January? - Yes.
Q. Are you very sure as to his person? I have not the least doubt.
Q. Where did you see him? - Just at this side of Stanmore, by Cannon Wall, as near as I can estimate the road, the midway of the road that comes from Edgeware. The first time I saw him might be about ten minutes before five o'clock; I was in a poll chase and four; I had been down into Hertfordshire in a coach and four to attend a funeral. I was on the right hand side of the coach. I saw the prisoner on horse back, and as he passed the window on the off side of the coach a gentleman that was with me immediately said there is an highwayman. No, says I, it cannot be an highwayman, his horse is too conspicuous a figure, being a pyed ball horse; we will rode and presently some little altercation took place between the postilion and him. I concluded that one of our leaders was rusty, and I concluded that the postilion by some means or other had run against the gentleman that was passing, therefore I got up and looked out at the carriage window, and I asked the prisoner, Sir, what is the matter, what do you want? my head was out of the window, and my shoulders as far as I could reach; he left the postilion and immediately came up and pulled out a pistol, and presented it right before me, gentlemen, says he, your money immediately, I am a distressed man, and if the carriage stirs another foot, I will fire into the carriage, by the Holy Ghost, with that there was one or two of the gentlemen got out of the carriage on the other side, and he seeing them quit the carriage, going towards the horses he immediately left me turned his horse's head, rode towards the coachman or postilion and fired his pistol, immediately I saw the slath and heard the Report. There was a gentleman that was in the carriage ran after him and hallooed stop thief, stop highwayman; but how far he ran I cannot pretend to say; in a short time afterwards he cames back and says, I have got his hat; when he came up to the carriage a crape was fastened to the fore part of the hat.


                  Q. 
               


            When did you next see him? - He was apprehended immediately and was taken; when I saw him personally to know him, it was at the White Hart, at Edgeware; I went on there, and they soon after brought in the prisoner at the bar, I goes up to him and said, sir, I am very sorry to see you in this situation, do you know me? he said I am an unfortunate man. I am in a distressed situation; I am a gentleman, and as such I hope you will treat me.
Mr. Alby. You say this was about five o'clock on the first of January? - It was between four and five.
Q. I believe it is pretty evident, that on the first of January at five o'clock, itwas almost dark? - It might be almost dark in London, but it was not there.


                  Q. 
               


            Did not you swear in your examination before the magistrate that you was not certain to the person of the prisoner? - I did not swear that because I was certain the first moment; I swore to him as I do now; wherever I happened to see him I knew him.
Q. As I understand, it Mr. Bacon, the person that stopped the coach had a double crape under his hat, and at the time he attempted to ride from the coach, he dropped the crape? - No such thing was said by me.


                  Q. 
               


            Was you present at the magistrate's during every examination? - I was examined but once.
Q. However you was present when the prisoner was apprehended? - I was, but I was not at the taking of him, because I was in the carriage.
Q. Pray how many miles was this from town, where this happened? - I cannot exactly tell, between nine and ten. I apprehend that they apprehended him near the four mile stone from London, that is on this side of Edgeware.


                  Q. 
               


            At the time he was apprehended he was very much intoxicated? - He seemed in liquor but not so very much.
BENIAMIN DOLPHIN sworn.
On the first of January I was in the coach with Mr. Bacon, and the prisoner stopped us in the high road, I could hear the word stop.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you see any body then? - I did not. I heard the prisoner say, by the Holy Ghost if you stir another yard I will fire through the carriage; I then saw him, I had let down the glass, I saw a pistol in his hand, with that I had my head out of the carriage at the window, and Mr. Bacon pulled me back from the window, and I heard the prisoner say gentlemen, your money; I am a distressed man, your money or your lives; with that Mr. Bacon's head was out of the window and what past between the prisoner and Mr. Bacon I cannot say, but I heard the pistol fired and I saw the slash; I jumped out of the carriage then, and I followed the prisoner, crying stop thief! stop highwayman! I saw a hat fall off his head, the crape was pinned in the hat, I picked it up, and I turned back to the gentlemen, and said I have got his hat and crape, this will lead to some discovery or something of that fort. I saw him in about three quarters of an hour after, where we stopped at the White Hart at Edgeware; he said he was a gentleman, and he hoped we would use him as such; we told him certainly we would, and any thing that he wished for, he should have.
Q. What time of the day was this that the carriage was stopped? - About a quarter before five, Mr. Bacon had but just looked at his watch, it was a very clear evening, it was a frost.
Q. Lock at the prisoner and tell me whether you have any doubt of his being the man? - I have not the least in the world.
Mr. Alby. I understand that on some occasion or other, you have said that you could not possibly swear to the prisoner? - I said from compassion I wished I could not swear to him.
Q. I understand that you said from the crap, the thickness of it, and it being over his face, and it being so dark, that you could not swear to his face? - I never said so.
Court. Was the crape over his face? - Not to my knowledge.
Mr. Alby. Did you pick up the hat? - I did.
Q. I believe the pistol was not fired till two gentleman got out of thecoach, in order to apprehend the man? - I believe there were one or two out.


                  Q. 
               


            You cannot take on yourself par ticularly to say where the pistol was fired? - I cannot.
Q. Was you present when he was taken? - I was not.
Q. Did the prisoner ever acknowledge that he was the person that committed the transaction? - Quite the reverse, I believe he said if he was a thief, he was a young one.
Q. I believe it was a considerable diffance from the place where the transaction was committed, and where the prisoner was taken? - I believe it was five or six miles.
Q. Pray what space of time clapsed between? - Not an hour.
Q. The prisoner rode a very good horse I understand? - I am afraid it was a very poor one.
Q. It was a pyed-ball horse? - It was, a very remarkable one.
Q. You pursued him on horseback? - No, I did not, the position did.
Q. He had a horse from the carriage, I presume, to pursue him? - He had.
Q. Pray sir, will you give me leave to ask, what is the reason you now take on yourself to swear positively to the prisoner, though you wished formerly to avoid it? - I said, I did not wish to take any man's life away.
Q. Why have you altered your opinion? - I have no motive in the world.
Court. He did it, in pursuance of his subpcenas.
Q. What are you? - I was a servant to my Lord chief justice Eyre, for ten or eleven years, I have just quitted his service.


                  DANIEL
                   TOON
               



             sworn.
Q. Was you in company with Mr. Dolphin and Bacon in the coach? - Yes, I was. As we were coming on this side of Stanmore, we were stopped by the prisoner at the bar, who demanded our money, he said he was a distressed man, by the Holy Ghost, and the money he must have directly, if not he would fire into the coach.
Q. How was that pistol placed, what position was it in? - He had it against the window, pointing at some distance from the window; this gentleman gets up, and asks him what he wanted? Mr. Bacon did; in the mean time we had a friend in the coach with us, and he got out, he said Toon I will not stay here to be shot, I will get out, he got out, and I followed him, as soon as we had got to the head of the coach, he turned his horse thort about, and he went on, and as he was going on he fired his pistol at the postilion, as I thought; we went after him, two of us, and took his hat and crape; he was rode after by the postilion, and apprehended and taken to Edgeware, I was not there. The prisoner is the very man, I am quite sure.
Mr. Alby. I understand that the prisoner wore and a double crape at the time the man that stopped the know that. The hat a distance from the coach, about a hundred yards.
Q. Pray do you suppose the prisoner wore that hat? - I do suppose it.
Q. Was not the crape over his face at the time that he stopped the coach? - It was not.
Q. I understand that the person did not attempt to fire till he was pursued by the postilion? - It was fired when he turned, before he was pursued, because there was nobody after him.
Q. Did not two gentlemen jump out of the coach? - They did.
Q. You cannot take on yourself to swear in what direction that pistol was fired? - It appeared to me at the postilion.
Q. Was it possible he could have avoided firing with effect, if he had chose so to do? - I cannot say.

Q. You say you was not by when the prisoner was apprehended? - I was not, I saw him the next morning.


                  Q. 
               


            He said then he was in a state of intoxication, and he did not know what was done on the road that night? - I cannot tell that.
Q. Pray did not you say before the magistrate, that you could not take on you positively to say that the prisoner was the man? - I knew he was the man, and I am sure of it.


                  JAMES
                   LUCK
               



             sworn.
I am a post boy. On the 2d of January I was returning from Barking in a coach and four, I drove the fore leaders; this gentleman on a pyed-ball horse, came up to assist me with the horses, because I could not make them go; I told him I wanted no assistance, I would make them go presently; he went on with his horse, and mine followed, and I past him, and this gentleman came along side again, and I told him I wished I had his horse, instead of mine; he rode up to me and presented a pistol, and said stop, and not to look back, and I stopped directly; then he went to the carriage, and came back again, and as he came back to pass me, he fired a pistol close over my shoulder, I said d-n you, though I have got such a gib, I will take you before you get to town; and I took a horse out of the carriage, and rode off immediately, and catched him about two miles before I got to Edgeware; I got past him, and said you are the person that I am after; he came up to me, and snapped a pistol at me, I got hold of his bridle, and he got from me again, I directly rode after him, and cried stop thief! riding through Edgeware I lost fight of him; there came a man by with a bundle of wood on his back, and I asked him if he had seen such a person, and he said he was about half a mile forward, I got up to him about the four mile stone, and I turned him, and he snapped a pistol, and it flashed in the pan; he went on again a little further, and snapped pistol at me again, but however I took him, and carried him to Edgeware; a butcher followed with me, and he jumped off his horse, and I jumped off mine, and we took hold of him; the butcher wrenched the pistol out of his hand. I have got some powder and ball that I took out of his pockets.
Mr. Alby. Have you ever been concerned before in this business? - No.
Q. Have you never heard that there was a forty pounds reward for the apprehension of a highwayman? - I did not think of it at this time.
Q. Would you have run the hazard you did in endeavouring to apprehend him, if you did not think there was a reward for apprehending him? - Yes, I would indeed, and I would run the hazard again.
Q. You say the prisoner was never out of your sight? - Yes, he was out of my sight for the value of ten minutes, and I waited till a butcher came by on the road, and he told me which way to pursue.
Q. Pray was the prisoner apprehended within four miles of town? - Yes.
Q. Pray then how came you to swear that you took him just coming into Edgeware? - That was when I got hold of him first.
Q. Did you see the hat fall? - I did not.
Q. You saw the crape over his face when he came up to the coach? - I saw no crape at all.
Q. Did not you see the hat drop? - I suppose it was him that dropped it.
Q. Will you take on yourself positively to swear that the prisoner was not outof your sight more than four or five minutes? - I said he was out of my sight ten minutes.
Q. When you attempted to stop the prisoner at the entrance of Edgware, had he his hat on his head then at that time? - He had.
Q. Did not you stop there to get somebody to assist you, or to change horses? - I changed horses no where.
Q. How long did you stop in Edgeware? - I did not stop a moment no where, only when I got hold of his bridle.
Q. Pray did not you stop for the purpose of getting somebody to assist you? - No, I rode and called out stop thief.


                  Q. 
               


            Pray sir, where was it you met with this butcher? - At the seven mile stone.
Q. How came this butcher to pursue? - Because he heard that I cried stop thief coming through the town, and he followed me with nothing but a halter on his horse, he and his man.
Q. Will you give me leave to ask you how often have you spoken of this business, since you was at Bow-street? - I cannot say that.
Q. You have spoke of it to many persons I suppose? - I might.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you ever said that if the prisoner would advance a sum of money, of fifty guineas, you would keep out of the way, crelse when you came on the trial you would so prevaricate as your evidence should be or no force? - Never.
Q. Do you know a man of the name of Tucker? - Yes.
Q. Did not you make such a proposal to Tucker? - I did not, on my oath; I never made any overt re, I never would say any thing, or give him an answer on that; the gentleman, the prisoner, said that he would give fifty guineas, and go out of England as fast as ever the coach could take him, if we would clear him; when he said this, he had the room cleared of all but the constable, and them that belonged to the business; I told him I dare not do it.
Court. Do you believe the prisoner was drunk? - I don't know that he was.
Q. Did he appear to be much in liquor? - No.
Q. What did you say about Tucker? - Tucker told me that no money would be wanted, if I would only come to terms, and not appear to any thing of the kind.
Q. Who is Tucker? - Tucker is a postilion at the Bell Savage inn, Ludgatehill.
Q. Pray had the man, whom you pursued, a hat on his head? - Yes, he had when I catched him the first time.
Q. Was that after you catched him at the side of the coach? - Yes. I did not see any hat fall off, but there was a hat laying by the coach.


                  Q. 
               


            Had the man a crape on, that came to the coach? - No, I see no crape.
Q. Are you sure that the horse that you saw afterwards, was the same pyedball horse as came to the coach? - I am quite sure, it was remarkable in its colour.


                  THOMAS
                   FRENCH
               



             sworn.
I was up in my yard at Edgeware, on the 1st of January. I am a butcher, I heard the cry of stop thief, and I ran down the yard, and my brother's horse was watering at the trough, with the halter, I got on it as it was, and I went as far as the seven mile stone, about a hundred yards from there, and I over took the post boy, the post boy was asking a man if such one had gone one the man said no, there was a man came by, and said, he is now almost much about Silk Bridge; we all pulled our horses back again, and pursued towardshim, we went all three of us, as fast as we could go, and my being bare back, I got rather foreish at the three mile stone, I went rather gently, and at the four mile stone the post boy turned the prisoner at the bar; he said stop him, there he comes, I got off my horse, and took him by the collar, and took the pistol out of his hand; and I thought of his being a strong young man, so I kicked his heels up, and said, will you go quiet, he said, if you will not use me ill, I will, so the post boy examined him, and found the powder and shot in his pocket; and we tied his hands with the post boy's garters, and took him to Edgeware, and the next morning I had a chaise and brought him to Bow-street.


                  Q. 
               


            What sort of a horse was he on? - He was on a pyed-ball mare.
Mr. Alby. You say that you took a pistol from the prisoner at the time that you apprehended him? - Yes, I did.
(Produced.)
Q. You are very well acquainted with this road? - Very well.
Q. You know that a number of highway robberies are committed there? - I have heard so.
Q. Therefore you would think it necessary, that a person that has particular regard for his own safety, would take fire arms with him? - They might if they think proper.
Q. You say you was not on your horse when this Luck passed by? - No, I heard the cry.
Q. You say Luck stopped to communicate to you the business? - No, he never stopped.
Q. The prisoner was so much intoxicated that even the small violence that you used to him threw him to the ground? - I rather think the man was in liquor.


                  JAMES
                   HYDE
               



             sworn.
I am one of his Majesty's messengers. I know the prisoner at the bar; I have known him nine or ten years, I never heard any thing against him.
Court. What was his trade? - His father was a gentleman, his father is a man of very good property.
Q. How long has he been in this country? - I have not known him before now, for this half year, or something better.
Q. Where did he live? - He lived in Dublin, I reside in Dublin, I am the King's messenger there.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
