






707. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EDBOROUGH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th day of July
 last, one watch, the inside and outside case made of base metal, value 20 s. one steel watch chain, value 2 s. a cornelian seal, set in gold, value 5 s. a base-metal key, value 1 d. four plain gold rings, value 8 s. two pair of silver knee buckles, value 4 s. one silver pencil case, value 12 d. one extinguisher, value 2 d. two pair of gilt earrings, value 2 s. three pair of stone buttons, set in silver, value 18 s. one pair of studs, value 12 d. one pair of silver shoe-clasps, value 12 d. a gold pin, value 5 s. three thimbles, value 18 d. half an ounce of mixed gold and silver, value 10 s. three ounces of old silver, value 15 s. a cornelian stone seal, value 12 d. one fourpenny weight of old gold, value 5 s. one reading glass, set in silver, value 10 s. one double-bladed knife, value 12 d. one pair of cotton stockings, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Laver
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   LAVER
               



             sworn.
I am son to 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Laver
               



            ; he is a silversmith
 and jeweller
, in Bruton-street


. The prisoner lived porter
 with us about seven weeks before we suspected him; I searched his lodgings, and found in his own desk, of which he gave me the key, all the things, except the watch, and two or three other things, which were taken from him at Bow-street; I shewed him the things; he was in a coach at the door of his lodgings; he said they belonged to my father; I said nothing to him; the things were in drawers, and different places in the shop.
Prisoner. I had many things of much more value in my possession? - We never trusted him to any great degree; I am confident he was never sent out with these things.


                  WILLIAM
                   COOKE
               



             sworn.
I am a runner, at Bow-street. Mr. Thomas Laver brought in the prisoner between four and five; I searched him, and found this watch in his fob, the chain tucked close in.


                  RICHARD
                   LAMBERT
               



             sworn.
I am servant to 
               
                  William
                   Cooke
               



            ; I saw the watch taken; I staid with the prisoner, and searched him, and found these two or three articles; one is the extinguisher and pencil-case, and a plain gold ring; he said nothing about them.
(The watch deposed to by the name Chater being upon it, and the date instead of a number.)
It is a metal watch.
(The extinguisher deposed to.)
Here is a quantity of old gold which I saw my father buy; amongst the old gold is a pair of bracelets which belonged to the Duchess of Gloucester, which I bought myself, and can swear to, value 5 s. they were in the shew-glass; here is a gold pin with my mark on it, value half a guinea; here is the old silver pair of old buckles, three ounces, value fifteen shillings, and some reading glasses, value two or three shillings.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Those things that I surrendered up to my master, I had out of the shop; I had a number of jobs; I had them given to me to carry out to different people in the daytime; they were only at my lodgings till the next day, till I had an opportunity to carry them out.
Court to Laver. Were those things ever left with him to carry out? - They were not things fit to carry out.




               GUILTY, 39 s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
