






370. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COSBY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     STRUDD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the first of May
, a leather purse, value 6d. ten shillings in monies, and a one-pound note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           M'Donald
                        




                     
                  , privily from her person
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   MACDONALD
               



             sworn. - I am single woman, and a servant

: On Thursday, the 1st of May, between two and three o'clock, I was in the crowd at Lady Montague's, in the Square, looking into the railing; when I left the crowd, I put my hand into my pocket, and missed the pocket-book; I wanted to buy something for the children, who were with me; it was tied up in a white striped cotton bag, it was a leather purse, and contained a one-pound note, and ten shillings in silver; when I got home, I found my pocket had been cut, which I did not discover till I got home; they had cut my skirt and pocket to get at it; I never thought to hear of it any more, only one Saturday my mistress found in the paper an advertisement, and told me to go to Bow-street, and there I saw my property, the purse and note; I cannot say it was the same Bank-note, but it was of the same value; I am sure it was the purse, I know it by a small crack that is down one side, and by the lining; I bought it last Christmas; the silver was gone, and the written characters were gone, I lost them at the same time, they were all in a bag, the characters were not found. I cannot say I saw either of the prisoners there, that is all I know.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are an Irish woman, and travel about with your character in your pocket? - A. Yes.
Q. Were you in place? - A. Yes, in Mrs. Goodwin's service, at the corner of Portland-road, as a servant of all work.
Q. How lately before had you seen the note? - A. I had received it only a day or two, I had seen it in the morning before I went out, and the money too.
Q. Lady Montague's house is in Portman-square


, at some distance from your mistress's? - A. I had not seen it between the time of leaving my mistress's house, and Portman-square.
Q. Whether you lost it before you got to Portman-square, or after, you cannot say? - A. I know I could not lose it only where my pocket was cut.
Q. You don't know in what place or time it was cut? - A. No.
Q. You don't know the note, or number? - A. No.
Q. Was not there a great crowd? - A. Yes.


                  HENRY
                   CROKER
               



             sworn. - I produce the pocket-book, money, and note. On the first of May, I had been up to Lady Montague's; there were a great many people; I stopped there till about three o'clock; I and Mr. Perry went down Portman-street, and overtook those two persons, in company with another man; I said to Perry, there is old Razor; I stopped him, and put my hand into his(Cosby's) right-hand coat-pocket, and pulled out that book with the note in it, we took them to a public-house, and searched them, and found some silver about them; I have not got the silver, I returned it to them again; I have got two-and-sixpence marked that was not sworn to; Perry searched the other man, and a knife was found upon him, and some silver; it was a very sharp cutting instrument; they were all talking together.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.This cutting-engine is what is vulgarly called a knife? - A. Yes.
Q. A pen-knife too? - A. I believe it is.
Q. It is nothing unusual for a man to have a penknife in his pocket? - A. No, if they are not open as this was.
Q. The silver was produced to the woman, and not a shilling sworn to? - A. No.
Court. Q.How far were you and these menfrom the rails of Montague-house? - A. About two hundred yards; there was nobody in Portman-street when we apprehended them.


                  PETER
                   PERRY
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol belonging to Bow-street, I was in company with Croker; I examined Strudd, and found some silver upon him, and these two knives; they were in a slash pocket, by the side of his thigh, open as they are now. (The purse was deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Strudd's defence. I met this man, I had not seen him for some time; we were going to have something to drink, and all of a sudden these people came up, and said, we must go with them; they took us in, and searched us, and took the money and knives from me, and they gave me the money at the Justice's, but kept the knives; as to the rest, I know nothing about it; I never saw the woman, or knew any thing about it.
Cosby's defence. I had been to Paddington; I was coming that way home, and had not been near where the woman speaks of.
Strudd, GUILTY (Aged 45.)
Cosby, GUILTY (Aged 49.)
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
