





1. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     GLASS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver pint mug, value 3s. a silver pepper castor, value 8s. a silver milk pot, value 10s. a green morine window curtain, value 3s. 4 linen window curtains, value 15s. four mens' linen shirts, value 15s. and four linen sheets, value 18s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John Peter 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            , on the 29th of October
.
JOHN PETER THOMPSON sworn.
I lost the articles in the indictment at various times; the prisoner had been servant
 in my house three years; she was taken up by a constable from my house; I missed them all on Thursday the 29th of October last, the day the King went to the House; I had no suspicion of the prisoner; I have had a counterpane and two shirts given up; the other articles are now in the pawnbroker's hands; I should know them again if I saw them.


                  WILLIAM
                   BETSWORTH
               



            , Pawnbroker, 26, Cranbourn-street, sworn.
I have known the prisoner between three and four years. On the 26th February she pledged with me a mild pot and tea spoon; on the 23th of April she pledged a curtain; on the 11th of May, two sheets; on the 23d of May, a gown of her own, and a sheet belonging to Mr. Thompson; she pledged them in the name of 
               
                  Sarah
                   Keane
               



            , the name she used to go by.
JOHN BROWN sworn.
I produce a pint mug and a pepper castor which were pledged on the 7th of July by the prisoner; I have known her four years.


                  ELISHA
                   WRAY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to a pawnbroker in Bridges-street, Covent Garden. Four window curtains, two sheets, and three shirts were, pledged with me at four different times, by the prisoner, on the 24th of February, 9th March, 20th April, and 15th May.(Edward Treadway, a constable, produced two duplicates which he received from the prosecutor; I did not find any thing upon the prisoner.)(The goods produced in Court.)
Mr. Thompson. This mug is my property; it has been in the family about two years; it has my crest and motto upon it; it cost four guineas. With regard to the curtain I think I can safely swear to it, but it has no particular mark; I cannot positively swear to it. I can only swear to one of the sheets, worth about 7 or8s. this shirt has my mark, it is worth about 8s. the milk pot I think is worth 13s. I know it by the crest and motto; the pepper castor has the same, and is worth 10s. the four window curtains are mine; I think they are worth a guinea and a half; the two sheets are mine, they are worth half-a-guinea; the shirts are mine, my name is on them, they are worth 15s.
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord, I unfortunately had a hand in the lottery.
One of the Jury to Brown. 
               
                  Q. 
               


            What was the pint mug pledged for? - A. A guinea and a half.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods to the value of 39s.
            (Aged 47.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


