





414. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     CARTWRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of August
, a metal gilt watch, value 3l. a black silk watch string, value 1d. a stone seal set in base metal, value 6d. a base metal watch key, value 1d. and a steel key, value 1d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Tippoo 
                     Saib
                  




               
            .


                  TIPPOO
                   SAIB
               



             sworn.
I live in Great George-street, Westminster, a servant
 to Lord Mac Donald, the Lord Chief Baron's brother. I was robbed in King-street, Westminster


; I met with the prisoner there; I was going home, and she went along with me toGeorge-street; she asked me to go with her; I did, along to George-street.
Q. Did she lodge there? - I don't know.
Q. Did you go into a house there? - No, in no house; I was come to our own door, and was ringing at the bell, standing at the door, and she came aside of me, and I found her hand in my waistcoat pocket, and I put my hand to pull out my watch, and I missed my watch; I ran after her along George-street.
Q. Did you lose sight of her? - Yes.
Q. What sort of a watch was it? - A gilt watch.
Q. Had you a silk string, a stone seal, a metal watch key, and a steel key? - Yes. I met a watchman and asked him if he saw a woman go past? In ten minutes the watchman took up the woman; then I said, this is the woman, and she put the watch on the ground, and bid the watchman take it up and say no more about it. I did not see her put it down, the watchman see her; I took up the watch from the ground myself, near her; I heard her say, watchman, take up the watch and say no more about it; and then I see it on the ground.
Q. Have you kept the watch ever since? - Yes, I have. I know the name of the man that I bought it of; I know it is my own watch; I gave it to the watchman to keep it till the next morning.
Q. Did he return it to you the next morning? - Yes, before the justice.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROPER
               



             sworn.
Q. Look at 
               
                  Tippoo
                   Saib
               



            . Do you know him? - Yes, perfectly. On the 15th of last month, August; I see him in the street, Prince's street, Westminster; he was walking along towards meeting me; he asked me if I see a woman pass me? I said, yes, just gone by, about a minute since; says he, she has picked my pocket of my watch, I insist on your going along with me. I turned back, and we got up to the woman; and he says, this is the woman that has picked my pocket of my watch; she said, she had not got it, nor had not seen it; I said, Jane, you must go to the watch-house to be searched. She stooped down and dropped the watch by the side of us; Roper, says she, there lays the watch, take it up and say no more about it. I did not see it go out of her hand, but she said, there it lays, take it up and say no more about it. The prosecutor took it up himself.
Prisoner. I was going along George-street; I am a poor unfortunate girl; I met this man, and he asked me where I was going? I said, going home; says he, will you take me along with you for a walking stick? I said, no; says he, will you take me with you? says I, sir, what compliment will you make me? he said he had but a small trisle of money about him; he said, he had some things of his fellow servant's about him, and he gave me eight-pence halfpenny, and he unbuttoned his things, and wanted to be very rude, and he wanted sadly to prevail with me to go along with him to his master's kitchen; and I would not go with him, and I wished him good night; and he came after me and said I had got his watch, and he went to the place where we were standing, and he picked up the watch, and he said, will you go home with me? I said, no, I will not; and he said, then I will have my revenge of you one way or the other, and he met with the patrol, and said, there is that b-ch has robbed me of my watch; and the patrol said, where is the watch? and he said, I have got it; and they took me to the watch-house.

Jury to Prosecutor. Were you sober? - I had been drinking, but I was sober; I can give my oath on it.
Q. To Roper. Was Tippoo Saib drunk or sober? - I cannot say but he was sober, he spoke so and acted so.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
