





391. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     NAIRN, alias 
NOON, alias 
TALBOT, alias 
RILEY




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of October
, ten muslin handkerchiefs, value 20 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Anthony 
                           Twiddle
                        




                     
                  , privily in the shop of the said Anthony
            .


                  LEVY
                   TWIDDLE
               



             sworn.
I am a brother to the prosecutor, he lives in the Minories


; I was in the shop whenthe prisoner came in, on Friday, 14th of October, about six o'clock, I saw her come in, and she asked for muslin handkerchiefs; I shewed her some; she looked them over about ten minutes, she agreed to have one cut off for four shillings and six pence, she did not pay for it, she said she would go over the way and fetch her husband, he wanted something for shirts, she went away, and never returned; I did not miss any thing then, the next morning a gentleman came to our shop; he had the prisoner secured, we looked over the goods and missed a piece; I never had seen the woman before: I swear positively she is the same; we lost ten handkerchiefs, all in one piece; I shewed her the same piece; I shewed her several pieces, this was the first I shewed, there is a shop mark upon it, different pieces have different marks; I put this piece under the rest; I packed up the things; I have never seen the piece since it was stole, there was only Sheldon and two customers in the shop, besides me and the prisoner, four in the whole.


                  SOLOMON
                   SHELDON
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Mr. Twiddle: I saw the prisoner come into the shop, the first witness attended her; she had no cloak on; I am sure it is the same person; on the morning following, a gentleman brought the mark and shewed to me; I went to the place where the muslin was stopped, and saw the prisoner and the muslin, it was marked in characters made by my master, it is the characters used by the shop, we sell goods with the mark of the shop sometimes; I think I had seen it the day before, the wrapper had not been opened that day until she came in; I can with propriety swear it was my master's property, the value is twenty shillings; I do not know either of the other customers; this woman was in view of the other customers in the shop.


                  MARY
                   EDMUNDS
               



             sworn.
I keep a shop in Red-lion-street; the prisoner at the bar came to my shop, and brought a piece of muslin handkerchief in her apron; she wanted some person to help fold them up; she asked a lady who was in the shop; she came to me in a room adjoining the shop, she came in and gave me the folded part, there was two loose; I told her I thought they were not hers; she said they are not. I told her to send the owner for them. She returned in a quarter of an hour, and said now I have brought the owner, I am the owner said she; she said, I stole them, and what do you think of that? she had no name she said, she was born in the reign of King Charles. She repeatedly told me she had stolen them, I asked her of whom? she refused to tell me. I delivered the property to Christian, the officer, that night. She came to me the 14th of October, between six and seven at night, the man's name is Gilson who took the shop mark to Twidle's; when she first came she appeared sober, but when she came the second time she appeared in liquor.


                  NATHANIEL
                   CHRISTIAN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I produce a piece of muslin handkerchief, I received it from 
               
                  Mary
                   Edmunds
               



            ; the prisoner told me she had bought them at 2 s. each in Rag-fair; after all, she said she had stole them. I do not know that she was drunk, she appeared in an odd way.


                  Levi
                   Twidle
               



            . I can swear that they are our handkerchiefs, my Lord.


                  Solomon
                   Sheldon
               



             deposed to the handkerchiefs.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
About half an hour after three the woman who had these handkerchiefs, asked me 2 s. 3 d. a piece, I bid her 2 s. she followed me to the Rosemary Branch; I bought them, I was obliged to make a pledge to buy them. When I was in the shop the gentleman shewed me only two pieces of handkerchiefs, and two pieces he took back again.




               GUILTY, of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


