





99. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BIRSBECK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of November
, a Bank-note, value 20l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Fisher
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   FISHER
               



             sworn. - I am a cloth-dresser for gentlemen, in the country
; I live at Newley, in Gloucestershire: The last day of November I was coming up Cheapside, and there was a man put a stick between my feet, and had liked to have thrown me down, and I looked round, and he begged my pardon; I told him it was no offence, and he asked me if I was not a West-countryman; I told him I was; he asked me what part I came from; I told him from Goloucestershire; he asked me what part of Gloucestershire; I told him I came from Newley; he told me he was a Gloucestershire man, that he came from Kencross, that is about six miles from where I live; he asked me if I knew Mr. Wadding, and Mr. Camerbuck, and I told him I did.
Q. Are you speaking of the prisoner now? - A. No, another man; he asked me if I would take a letter down in the country for him; I told him I would; he said he was in London upon a piece of business for a woman of the name of Kingswood; he said he was left executor; he asked me when I was going home; I told him I was going home that night; he asked me where I was going to then; I told him I was going to Friday-street; he said he was going but a little further, and he would get this letter for me to carry in the country; I went to the top of Cheapside, next Newgate-street, and went into a public-house and had sixpenny-worth of rum and water, and the man with me; I asked him how much I should pay towards it, and he said he should pay it all; he said, if he could get his business done there, he would give me a letter at that house; from thence we went to another house towards Goswell-street, that was about half past twelvelve in the day; we went from thence to the Cart and Horse, in Goswell-street


; we had not been there three minutes, when in came this man, the prisoner; he asked the other man if he knew such a place as a Park in London; he told him he knew three Parks in London; he said, there was Green-park, Hyde-park, and St. James's-park; and the prisoner said, he was at the Covent-garden play-house last night; he said, he happened to meet a girl there, and she took him to another house, and told him he might have what he liked there, drink or victuals, or any thing, and then he said, he treated the girl, and went home with her; he said he had been drinking with her and five or six more of the finest girls that ever were, till four o'clock in the morning, and then he said an old woman put him and a girl to-bed together; he said he laid till eight o'clock, and then he got up and had breakfast with the girl, and the old woman told him, you ought to give my daughter some money to buy her a gown and some caps, or something, and he said he gave her a 50l. bill. and the girl promised it him back again in one hour, or the change; he said he had waited a long while, and the girl did not seem to come back, and the old woman then told him she was gone into the Park with a captain; he said he did not know what he should do, and the other man asked the prisoner where he came from; he told him he came from Coventry; he asked him what he came to London for; he said he came to receive 1100l. that his aunt died and left him; and he asked him what business she was that she had left him 1100l. and he said she kept the workhouse, and he asked him how she got this 1100l. out of the poor; and he said they used to call her old Pig's-gut; and when he came to the lawyer to receive this money, the lawyer was very dubious to pay him the money till he signed his name; he said he could not write his name, but he could make a chalk mark, and the lawyer told him a chalk mark would not do, he must write his name or make a cross, and he made a cross, and the lawyer paid him the money, and then he began pulling out the money, seemingly to me a handfull of bills and money; he says to me, it is all got of Pig's-gut, and I don't care which way it goes, and he began marking upon the table, John, with chalk; the prisoner told the other that he would lay him a guinea that he would turn his back and name a letter out of that four, and cover it with the waiter; the other man and I laid, as he did not, and the other man won it, and then he said I should lay with him the next time, and I told him I would not, and he laid again the same as before; after the second but, they asked me again to lay, and I said I had only one guinea and a 20l. bill; and the man that went there with me told me he would take care that I should lose nothing; and the next time I said I would lay with him as he had promised me that, and then I won along with the other man, that was the third her; and then we laid again a fourth time, for a guinea, and we lost, and then the other man wanted me to lay the 20l. bill; I told him I would not, and he asked me if I would lay five guineas out of it, and he said he would take care I should lose nothing; I said I did not mind about laying five guineas out of it, as he promised me I should lose nothing, I laid five guineas.
Jury. Q. You betted the wager with the prisoner? - A. Yes, and he won it; and when he had won it, he took up my 20l. bill; the other man, at the same time, laid five guineas with me.
Q. Tell me how that last bet was laid exactly? - A. The other man laid five guineas, and I laid five guineas; the prisoner did not put any thing down that I recollect; he was to pay ten guineas if he lost.
Q. Did you lay down your five guineas? - A. I laid down my 20l. bill; the prisoner did not lay down any thing that I recollect; the other man laid down some paper, but what it was I don't know; when the prisoner won, he took up my 20l. bill; and the other man, as soon as ever he took it up, went out directly.
Q. You won a guinea; did the prisoner pay you the guinea? - A. Yes.
Q. Had you taken up that guinea? - A. Yes; and then I went out after the other man directly, and I asked him what he went away for; I told him I had only lost five guineas out of my 20l. bill, and I told him the prisoner had got my 20l. bill; he said, his was two 10l. bills, and he had his the same; the other man told me he had no more money nor bills; he said, coming down that street, he had two or three hundred pounds from some house in that street, and he did tell me the particular place, but I have forgot it; he ordered me to go in and mind that the prisoner did not get away; he said, he would be back again in two or three minutes the outside, and then he said he would win it back again of him; I returnedinto the public-house directly as quick as possible, and the prisoner was gone.
Q. You did not see any more of your money? - A. No; I never got any of it again.
Q. When did you see the prisoner again? - A. Last Friday, at Bow-street; this was the last day of November that I was robbed.
Q. Were there any other people in the room at Bow-street? - A. Yes; I suppose one hundred.
Q. Is the prisoner the man? - A. Yes.
Q. How long were you with him altogether? - A. I suppose it was about an hour.
Q. Did you observe him so, that you can fasely swear to him? - A. Yes; if I had not seen him again these twelve months, I should have known him.
Q. All this happened at the Cart and Horse, the last day of November, about half after twelve? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. So all this happened on the 30th of November, did it? - A. Yes.
Q. It was not till that day month that you saw the prisoner at the bar? - A. It was more than a month.
Q. You were sent for to Bow-street, were you not? - A. Yes.
Q. You were told you would see the man that you supposed had robbed you? - A. Yes.
Q. Did the people that told you so go into the office with you? - A. Yes.
Q. And they told you there he was? - A. No, they did not tell me he was there; when I went in, they told me he was in custody, but I did not know he was in the room.
Q. What did you think the Justice was sitting for, but to hear the matter between you? - A. The Justice called me in.
Q. I see you like other people's money very well, don't you? - A. No.
Q. You won the man's guinea, did not you? - A. Yes.
Q. And I dare say you had no objection to have kept it? - A. I did not want any concern with it.
Q. And you would have won his 20l. if you could? - A. I did not think of such a thing; the man promised me I should not lose any thing.
Q. Would not you, if you had won his 20l. have taken it if you could? - A. I suppose I should, if they would have let me, but they would not have let me.
Q. Would not you, if you had won his 20l. have taken it if you could? - A. I dare say I should.
Q. Have you any doubt about it? - A. No.
Q. You played with intent to win, did you not? - A. I had no thought of losing.
Q. Did you not play with an intent to win, if you could? - A. Yes.
Q. Upon your oath, when you went away, did you tell this man that you were going? - A. No, I did not.
Q. You deposited the 20l. - A. Yes.
Q. The man who was with you, and seemed to be on your side, deposited 20l. as far as you believe? - A. No; I did not believe it was, but I don't know what it was.
Q. He told you so, and you believed it at the time? - A. To be sure I did not know.
Q. Did you not believe it to be so at the time he said so? - A. Yes, I did believe it.
Q. Did that man at all dispute that he had betted 20l. and lost it? - A. He had only won five guineas.
Q. Upon your oath did that man dispute that he had lost all that he had put down? - A. No, he did not.
Q. You now say, you only intended to play for five guineas, and not for 20l.? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you ask this man, when you went out, for change out of the 20l. note? - A. No.
Q. And the other never disputed that he had lost the 20l.? - A. No; he went out directly.
Q. Did you at all give this man to understand that you meant to return? - A. No, I did not.
Q. He had actually won five guineas, even upon your own account? - A. Yes.
Q. Is the landlord of the house here? - A. I don't know.
Q. Have you taken any pains to bring him here? - A. No, I have not.
Q. Have you ever desired any person from the house to attend and give an account of this? - A. I asked the landlord if he had ever seen these men before, and he said, no.
Q. I should like to know if you were ever in possession of 20l. in your life; how did you get it; what business are you? - A. A cloth-dresser.
Q. Who paid you this 20l.? - A. I had a check upon No 20, Basinghall-street; I had received it about two days before.
Q. Have you ever applied to any body in Basinghall-street, to prove that you were ever in possession of such a bill? - A. No.
Q. Then all we have to trust to is the account of such an idle fellow as you? - A. I could get them in a few minutes; I have the number of the bill in my pocket now.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
