





220. 
               
                  
                     JOHN RICHARD 
                     PATRICK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of March
, five silver tea-spoons, value 4 s. a silver sugar-tongs, value 12 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Elsgood
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH
                   ELSGOOD
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  Isaac
                   Elsgood
               



            . My husband is a cooper
. On the 31st of March, Thursday, I lost the teaspoons and sugar-tongs: another man and the prisoner came into my shop, and asked for a dozen of apples; I was afraid of them by their looks, I went just on one e to get what they wanted, and coming back I looked up, and missed the tea-spoons and sugar-tongs; I charged the prisoner with it before he went out of my house; he went out, and was pursued, and brought back, and was flinging them out of his pocket before they touched him.


                  JOSEPH
                   RAMSDELL
               



             sworn.
I was coming from the mill, and met the prisoner, and saw him throw the spoons out of his pocket on the ground, about fifteen rods from Mr. Elsgood's house. I did not know what they were, till I saw them picked up, four silver spoons, and a pair of silver tea-tongs, all loose: he run, I did not see him taken.


                  WILLIAM
                   GILL
               



             sworn.
On the 31st of March I heard an alarm, and went out and heard Mrs. Elsgood making a cry out that she had been robbed: I stopped the prisoner.
(The spoons produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
This gentlewoman said, when I was taken, that she would let me go, for she could not say I had taken the things, as there was another lad in the place.
The prisoner called four witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
