






391. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     AKERMAN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     AKERMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on 3d of August
, fifteen pair of cotton stockings, value 1l. 10s. a pair of man's leather shoes, value 2s. seven muslin neck handkerchiefs, value 7s forty three pair of leather gloves, value 3l. three pair of silk stockings, value 1l. 10s. four men's linen shirts, value 2l. ten yards of muslin, value 1l. five yards of russia duck, value 5s. three yards of flannel, value 3s. one hundred skains of silk, value 16s. nine pieces of tape, value 3s. ninety yards ofsilk ribbon, value 15s. one pound weight of brass pins, value 2s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Cadney
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  MARIA
                   CADNEY
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you the wife of Joseph Cadney? - Yes.
Q. You keep a shop? - Yes; an haberdasher's, hosier's and glover's, No. 6, Union-street, New Bond street


; I went out of town on the 2d of August, to see a child of mine that was at Deptford, and I left Akerman and his wife and child in the house; they lodged with me almost two years and a half; I asked them if they were going out? they said they did not think they should go out that day, and so I was very well satisfied; I returned in the evening between nine and ten o'clock; the shop was locked up, being Sunday; when I returned I knocked three times at the street door, on which a young man, who dined with Akerman that day, let me in, with a candle in his hand; his name is 
               
                  William
                   Jefferies
               



            , he is not here; I did not miss any goods till Monday morning.
Q. Did you observe any thing particular in your shop before Monday morning? - Nothing, but when I put the key into the door, I could not turn the key, and I observed to Mrs. Akerman that I had forgot to lock it, it was shut, but not locked; when Mrs. Akerman made answer and said, that she had been out on that day, and that it was very improper for me to leave my shop door open, in case I knew it; I made answer and said, as long as she was in the house I was contented, for I was sure that she would take as great care of my property as myself.
Q. Do you recollect any thing about locking your door when you went away? - I cannot say; on Monday morning a woman came in for some irish cloth, which I was confident that I had left in the shop on Saturday night, eleven o'clock.
Q. What time in the morning was this? - It might be half after ten.
Q. Then your shop had been open some time? - Yes, the shop was open at eight o'clock.
Q. But you did not observe any thing particular about the shop till this woman came in? - I did not; on which I went to look for my goods, and could not find it, and she went away, saying that as I had been so often unfortunate, she had no thoughts of my ever finding it; she was the carpenter's wife that worked for me. I have been losing for these two years, which has impoverished me very much. Curiosity led me to enquire further into the shop, and by looking at several parcels, and examining the shelf, I discovered I had lost some neck handkerchiefs, the irish cloth, some stockings and gloves, and various articles that I sold in the shop; I cannot swear that I lost all the articles from the Saturday night, but the piece of cloth I did, and a half handkerchief, for I left them on Saturday night, the last thing I did, on the snels, and a pair of silk stockings, marked M. B. on which I rung Mrs. Akerman's bell, Mrs. Akerman did not come to me, but sent a person that was up in the garret, down; I then after I had recovered myself, I went up into Mrs. Akerman's apartment, and told her I was robbed, and wished to know if she left the house in the course of the day; she told me she did, she said she was very sorry, and seemed very much hurt at the news, and could not conceive who it was could do it; I wished for her to let Mr. Akerman come with me to Bow street, to get a search warrant, in search of my property; I intended to have searched that house where that young man lived, who dined with them on Sunday, and also my own house. Akerman wasnot at home; she seemed very much hurt that I should accuse the young man, and said she thought him innocent; I told her that I could not think him innocent, for the neighbours assured me that there was nobody in the house that day but Akerman and his wife, and this young man, and their child.
Q. What age is that child? - About two years old. I was not satisfied, but I said I would take a warrant out against him, on suspicion, she begged I would go over and look at his boxes; he was in the street, and I called him over, and told him I was robbed; he said he knew nothing of it, but he was willing to be searched, or taken up on suspicion; on which I acquainted one Harley, a carpenter, who built a parlour behind my shop, and Harley told me to make no more hesitation, but to put on my hat, and then we went straight to Bow-street; we could not be supplied immediately with a search warrant; on my return home I came into the shop, and Akerman came into the shop? door, on which I told him that I was robbed the day before, he seemed very much affected indeed, at my telling him, and went up stairs hastily to his wife, what passed there I know not, but in a very little time he went out with a bundle of something, what it was I cannot say; on which the painter, who was painting the parlour, whose name is Samuel, who see him go out, says, why don't you stop that man with that bundle, I made answer and said, no, it is Mr. Akerman, I have such a good opinion of that man, I would not insult him so much; with that I went up stairs to his wife, I see nothing, I came down again, and when I came in, there was a woman came in of the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Banks
               



            , with the key of the street door; the person that was in the shop asked her what brought her with the key of the street door? and she said that Akerman delivered it to her; after that I went up again to Mrs. Akerman; she brought the key to let herself in, it was Akerman's key; she went no further than the shop, she went out again; I went to Mrs. Akerman's apartment again, and this young man was in the room along with Mrs. Akerman when I entered the room, and I said, that something directed me to the garret, and he asked me what could direct me there? I said that I might see the tracks where somebody might have come in while Mrs. Akerman was absent, she said it was of no use, because any body that robbed me would not be so foolish to leave them on my premises. I went up stairs, entered the back garret, and I see the feather bed very high, on which my curiosity led me to see what was concealed under the bed, between the bed and mattras I discovered my property tied up in a pocket handkerchief, to the amount of twenty-eight pounds on that day; it is imposible to mention all the articles, I have brought some for your lordship to see.
Q. Did you find any cotton stockings there? - Yes, to the best of my recollection I think there were five or six dozen; some muslin neck handkerchiefs, I cannot say how many; about fifty pair of leather gloves, one piece of muslin, and two very small remnants, near five yards of russia duck, three remnants of flannel, about seventy skains of silk, a small quantity of ribbon.
Q. What do you think all these were worth, the prime cost? - About twenty-three pounds. On my finding these goods I was very much alarmed, and fell into screaking fits, and the people of the house came to my assistance, Fordham and Samuel, I told them to the best of my knowledge I had all my property, but I did not know the thief; I came then to Mrs. Akerman's apartment, where I found her very much distressed indeed, Akerman had then left her, she threw herself on her knees, and craved for mercy, and saidshe was the thief that put them there, she said Akerman did not do it, but he drove her to it; I was very much hurt to see her deplorable distress, I told her I would be merciful to her, but to deliver me up all that she had of mine; she then said there was a great deal of my property taken out by her husband, Akerman, and concealed in a trunk, in the apartments of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Barks
               



            , which I should have; Harley took Mrs. Akerman to the apartment of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Barks
               



            , to bright back the property; they came back again to my house.
Q. How far off did Elizabeth Barks live? - I really cannot say.
Q. When they returned what did you see? - I see nothing, the trunk was gone; Mrs. Akerman remained in my house till Tuesday morning, I then told her to fly with her child, and never to let me see her more; she said she would go and send me the same property in that same trunk; that she would seek it out, and send it to me with my property in it; 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Barks
               



             came about seven o'clock in the eveinig, and brought me a note wrote by Akerman, and in about half an hour she said the coach would come with the trunk, on which, thinking it not proper to receive these goods, I sent to Harley, the carpenter, and we went immediately in a hackney coach to Bow-street, with 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Barks
               



            , and left word with Mr. Fordham, if the trunk came that it should come up to Bow-street.
Q. And did the trunk come? - Yes; it was in the custody of Fordham that night; the next morning the coachman brought the trunk to Bow-street.
Q. Were you present at the opening of the trunk? - Yes, and I swore to my property, which is to be produced. I believe the woman had a good character till this happened.
Mr. Knapp. You said that this man and this woman had lived with you about two years, lodged in your house? - Yes.
Q. They were married people? - I believe they were.
Q. Up to the time of the period we are speaking about, she has maintained a good character? - A very good one indeed.
Q. You had a very good opinion of her? - The best in the world, as if it was my own sister.
Q. She said herself that she did it, but she accompanied it with something else, that her husband drove her to it? - She did.
Q. The husband was the person that took the bundle out of the house; the husband was the person who was directed to in order for to get the trunk? - It was so.
Q. She staid in the house two days after this, till Tuesday? - She did, she had not the power to get away.
Q. Mr. Alley. You say this Irish cloth was the only thing that you recollect to have seen on Saturday? - Yes, and half an handkerchief, and a pair of silk stockings.


                  JAMES
                   HARLEY
               



             sworn.
Q. You are a carpenter? - Yes.
Q. You worked at Mrs. Cadney's? - I did. On Monday the 3d of August my business called me on Joseph Cadney's premises, No. 6, Brew-street, Bond-street; I heard of their being robbed at ten o'clock, I told her I was very sorry for it; I advised her to go with me to Bow-street, to give information; of the robbery; she went to give information; when I came back as far as Union-street (I live in Shuttle-street, which is not above a dozen yards from her house) I went home to get some refreshment, and I had not been home above a quarter of an hour before the painter that was at work on the premises, came to inform me that part of the property was found in the back garret; I told the painter that Ishould come to the house as soon as I refreshed myself; in a few minutes I went to Mrs. Cadney's house, when I went I was desired to go up into the back garret, to see what was lest there, I did so, and there I see, strewed over the bed, a vast quantity of articles in the haberdashery line, such as muslin, stocking, ribbons, tapes, and a number of things, I have got an inventory of the whole of them in my possession. I went down immediately to Bow-street again, to have the advice of the clerk, how to act; while I was waiting at the office, a friend of Akerman's, a woman, of the name of Barks, came to me to Bow-street, she came with a young man to me, with an express order from Mrs. Cadney, that she thought she had found the whole of her property and begged that I would not proceed any farther on the business.
Q. That young man was Jefferies, I understand? - I believe it was the young man that dined with them, as I understand, the Sunday before I immediately went back to Mrs. Cadney's house, I was told that Mrs. Cadney was up in Mrs. Akerman's room; we went up stairs, Barks and I, when we came there the prisoner at the bar-seemed to be in a very distressed state, and I was rather fatigued, and I sat down in the room a few minutes, after I sat down she downed on her knees, and begged for mercy, and she seemed penitent for what she had done, she acknowledged she had done the robbery, and further said, that if Mrs. Cadney would forgive her, that there was a great deal more of her property in a trunk at Mrs. Barks's apartment, which she would deliver up, if she would forgive her; this 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Barks
               



             was in the room with us, she acknowledged to have two trunks of theirs in their apartment, but said that she did not know what they contained; and the prisoner having a young child, and seeing the child condoling her distress, I advised Mrs. Cadney if she could get the whole of her property back, it would be best to let the woman go about her business, and fall into the hands of somebody else; I went then with Barks and Mrs. Akerman to No. 24, Bryanston-street, the second floor front room; when we went to the door the woman unlocked the door, when we entered the room the trunks were gone, she seemed very much surprised and agitated when she found the trunks were gone, she made this remark, and said, I have got two keys to my door, and I gave one to Akerman some time ago, the trunks were here this morning. and I have no doubt but he has been here and taken them away; I then conducted Mrs. Akerman back to Mrs. Cadney's.
JAMES FORDHAM sworn.
Q. You worked for Mrs. Cadney? - No, I am a victualler; I heard that Mrs. Cadney had been robbed, and I went to enquire what she had done in it; I went up in the garret along with her. and there I saw a vast deal of her property.
Q. Did you hear 
               
                  Catharine
                   Akerman
               



             say any thing? - I did not. On Tuesday, according to Mr. Harley's and Mrs. Cadney's desire, I detained the coach, which came with the two trunks in it.
Q. Where did you find the coach? -At Mrs. Cadney's door; I proceeded with the coach to Bow-street, and went up before the justice, and they informed the justice that the trunks were in the hackey coach below, the justice desired me to take them back again, and keep them in my own apartment till the next day; accordingly I did, I locked them up, and no foul entered the room; the coachman that I had them of brought them down, and helped them out with me, and carried them to Bow-street the next day, and there Mrs. Cadney swere to her property.



                  ELIZABETH
                   BARKS
               



             sworn.(The note the prosecutrix received by her, from Akerman, shewn her.)
Q. Do you know that writing? - It is Mr. Akerman's, he gave it me out of his own hands. (Reads.)
"
               
                  John
                   Akerman
               



             orders for Mrs. Barks to do as she thinks proper with my property. me, I. Akerman" August 4th.
Q. On what account did he deliver that to you? - He delivered it to me to part with his furniture, to make the most of it I could, he had two rooms of goods at Mrs. Cadney's.
Q. Does it allude to any thing that was in the trunks? - No, nothing at all.
Q. Do you know any thing about the trunks? - I know the trunks were brought to my apartment about nine days after the last quarter day; Mr. and Mrs. Akerman asked me if I would be so kind as to let their trunks stand in my apartment, as they were going to Scotland; on that morning that I fetched the trunks away, Mrs. Cadney gave them warning to quit the room.
Q. How got they out of your house again? - I really don't know; I went to keep Counsellor Swaine's house last summer, and I had two keys to my door, and to my padlock, because I let my room to single men while I am out, and Akerman had one key of each lock, as the trunks were at my house.
Q. When you went to your house for the trunk, and the trunks were gone, did you observe whether the door was broke open, or opened with a key? - It must have been opened with a key, and I had but one key in my pocket.
Q. There was no sign of its being broke open? - None in the least.
Q. How came you to go with the key of the door to Mrs. Cadney's? - About last quarter day Mrs. Akerman gave Mrs. Cadney warning to leave the room at the half quarter; Mr. Cadney rather demurred at leaving it the half quarter; I said, as they were going to Scotland and the goods were going to be parted with, it was very well that she had got the half quarter.
Q. When you went with the key, did Akerman send you, or did you go of your own accord? - I went of my own accord. Mrs. Cadney knew that I had orders to part with the goods.
Q. Did you knew where the trunks went to? - I did not then.
Q. Do you know now? - Yes, they went to the corner of Quebec street, to Mr. - , a baker.
Mr. Knapp. You had two keys you say? - Yes.
Q. Were these trunks brought to your house before you suspected this robbery? - Yes, Mr. Cadney helped me to cord up these trunks, and take them down to my apartment.
Q. He gave you orders to dispose of the goods as you could? - Yes.
Q. And he gave you the orders so to do? - Yes, he did.


                  SAMPSON
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
I am a hackney coachman; I was the first coach at the rank in Oxford road; a man came and called coach; it was in August, I don't know the day of the month, I believe it was on Monday or Tuesday, I don't know which; the prisoner is not the man that called the coach; the man that called the coach had an apron on like a porter; he ran before me; I went up into Gloucester-street with the coach, and there were two boxes on the flag stones.
Q. How far is that from Bryanston-street? - About two hundred yards, or thereabouts. When I came into Gloucester-street the man that fetched me said, turn round here.

Q. Did you take the trunks into the coach? - I did.
Q. Was the prisoner Akerman there? - I cannot say; there were two men there, but whether he was there or no I cannot positively say, because it was dark. I look upon it that the other man was rather shorter than the prisoner at the bar. I cannot say whether he was the other man or not.
Q. Where did you carry these trunks? - To No. 6, Union-street, Bond-street, to Mrs. Cadney's house, where I was ordered to go with them; from thence I was ordered to Bow-street; then I was ordered after a while to take the trunks back again to Mr. Fordham's, the man that keeps the Shepherd and Flocks, and helped the trunks into the room; and the next morning helped him with them down stairs into the coach again.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   KENNEDY
               



             sworn.
Q. I am an officer of Bow-street; I went and apprehended the prisoner, on the 4th of August, Tuesday evening; I went to a baker's shop the corner of Quebee-street, up two pair of stairs in a back room.
Q. Who directed you there? - Elizabeth Barks. I went with her there, and she shewed me the prisoner Akerman and his wife. I asked him what became of the remainder of the property? While I was speaking to him he pulled two handkerchiefs out of his pocket and threw them under the table; I asked him what he threw there. and picked them up (produced) and put them into my pocket directly; Mrs. Cadney swore to them at the watch-house.
Mrs. Cadney. These are such handkerchiefs as I told in the shop; they have not been wore nor made up.
Q. There is no particular mark? - No.
Konnedy. Then I searched him further and found nothing about him but his pocket book; then I searched the bed in the room, and between the sacking of the bed and the bedstead, I found this waistcoat, wrapped up in this manner (produced) with these things inside of it.
Mrs. Cadney. I believe the waistcoat is my husband's, but I cannot swear to it, there is no mark.
Q. What things are in the waistcoat? - A pair of stockings, a child's shoe, I know it, it has my mark; some ribbon, my mark is not on it, I sell such things.
Mr. Alley. Is there any one concerned with your husband in the profits of the business? - No, nobody; he pays the rent of the house himself; he is a servant, he has been a valet for several years.
Prisoner John. I have nothing to say; I leave it totally to my counsel.
Prisoner Catharine. A wife is but a servant to her husband.


                  John
                   Akerman
               



            , GUILTY.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Catharine
                   Akerman
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
