






292. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL
                      otherwise 
                     
WILLIAM 
                     TRAMP 
                  




               
            was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of April
, a wooden box, value 1s. two cotton gowns, value 1l a silk petticoat, value 1l. a dimity petticoat, value 6d. a silk cloak, value 5s. six pair of cotton stockings, value 6s. two pair of linen pockets, value 1s. four muslin handkerchiefs, value 4s. two muslin aprons, value 10s. a dimity petticoat, value 3s. a linen apron, value 3s. two linen caps, value 1s. three muslin caps, value 5s. two linen shifts, value 4s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Blissett
                  




               
            .


                  JANE
                   BLISSETT
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard
                   Blissett
               



            , he is a gold beater
, he is in the Middlesex militia, the last I heard of him he was at Portsmouth.
Q. Did you lose any property last March? - Yes the 21st of last March, I I lost a box with two gowns, two petticoats, a couple of jackets, six pair of cotton stockings, &c. as in the indictment. The box was in Oxford-road, at my master's, the corner of James-street, Oxford-road, No. 217


, Mr. Strong, a wine merchant; my box was taken from the carman's cart, at the door, it was to be brought to the country house from the town house.
Q. When was the last time you saw it? - I believe it was near a month; I went down, and was to stay in the country.
Q. Where did your master live in the country? - At Kilburn, and it was to come down to Kilburn, but it was taken out of the cart, at the door; I see it that same night at Mary-le-bone watch-house, and it was taken that night to Bow-street. I never see the prisoner before that in Mary-le-bone watch-house.


                  JOHN
                   GODDARD
               



             sworn.
I am a carman; I live with Mr. Moore, in St. James's Market. Jane Blissett asked me in the morning if I would bring her box from her master's town house to Kilburn? I called for the box the corner of James-street, at Mr. Strong's house, the 21st of March last, it was about two o'clock as near as I can tell, I put the box on the cart, and I went back into the house again, and I was watching my things on the cart, I saw the box moved on the cart, and I immediately goes out as fast as I could, and the prisoner had the box on his shoulder, at a little distance from the cart, running along with it; I had some other things in the cart, but they were nor touched; I pursued after him as fast as I could, and I soon overtook him, and as soon as I overtook him, he dropped the box and ran away, and I hallooed for the people to stop him, and they stopped him before he was out of my sight; I am sure that is the man. The box is here.


                  AARON
                   BUXTON
               



             sworn.
I stopped the prisoner in James-street.
Q. Had he any thing on him when you stopped him? - No. I saw him cross Oxford-road, as if coming from Mr. Strong's, with a box on his back, and instantly I see him almost, I see this carman running after him, and he whipped him over his legs once or twice, and then he attempted to throw the box over his shoulder into the ditch, and the carman hallooed out to stop him, and I seized him.
Blissett. This is my box.
Gaddard. This is the box that I received from her master's house.
Buxton. This is the box I saw on the prisoner's back.
Blissett. This is all my property; I can swear to it.
Prisoner. I work for 
               
                  James
                   Clarke
               



            , in Holborn, a master sawyer; in goingup Oxford-road a man came up to me the corner of James-street, and he asked me to carry this box to Winchester-street, and he would give me a shilling; and I was taken by this man and brought back to the house.
Q. To Goddard. Did you see any body else near the place? - No, I saw him with the box before ever he got into James-street at all.
Buxton. I saw him with the box before ever he was five yards from the cart.
Q. To Goddard. How long might it be from the time of your seeing the box moved in the cart, and seeing it on his shoulder? - I opened the door and ran out as fast as I could.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
