





265. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MARSH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February
, one piece of brown linen, value 4 l.the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thwaites
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   THWAITES
               



             sworn.
I am a linen-draper
 in Holborn


: on the 17th of this month, about seven in the evening, a young man came to the door, and informed me a person was running away with some of my goods: I ran to the door, and ran up Brownlow-street; about half way up Brownlow-street, I saw the goods upon the prisoner's left shoulder; when I came up to him, he was in the act of dropping the piece of goods; he dropped it against my legs; I ran after him to Fulwood's Rents; there he was taken, and carried to Justice Walker's, and the linen: I do not know who picked it up; it was brought to my house: I never lost sight of him; I saw him in the shop in the afternoon before it was taken away; there were, I suppose, forty people in the shop when it was missed: I am sure it was mine; it contains one hundred and twelve yards, value five pounds; it has my own private mark, in my hand writing, and my brother's upon it; I bought it of my brother; it would sell for five pounds: I have had it in my possession ever since.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. This was on the 17th of this month? - Yes.
It was dark? - Yes; and a great number of people in the shop; I had two pieces of the same linen, and both marked alike.
You would not be able to swear to this piece only? - No, I could not.
You pursued him into Brownlow-street? - I did, and took him; and left the linen, which was picked up by some person, and brought to my shop; but I do not know by whom.
That person is not here? - No.


                  JOHN
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Mr. Holroyd in Gray's-inn; a barrister at law I was coming down Holborn on the 17th instant, Ash-Wednesday: I saw a person lift up a bale of linen at Mr. Thwaites's door; the man that was in the act of taking it up, did not appear to me to be their porter, or shop-man; I went into the shop, l gave information of it, and Mr. Thwaites immediately pursued him, and took him; I remained in the shop till he was brought back: I went to the justice; and I verily believe that the prisoner at the bar is the man that took it from the door of Mr. Thwaites.
Mr. Knapp. This happened to be about six, or a quarter after six? - Yes.
This piece of linen you say was of a whitish colour, and taken from the outside of the door, close to the threshold? - Yes.
Candles were lighted in the shop? - Yes.
When at the justice's you saw the prisoner: did you know him? - Yes; but I am very sorry to say one of Mr. Thwaites's men pointed him out to me; but I know he was the man.


                  HENRY
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker: I was coming up Holborn; at Fullwood's Rents I heard the cry of stop thief! and I stopped the prisoner: and with assistance, took him to Justice Walker's: that is all that I know.
(The linen produced and deposed to by Mr. Thwaites; and Mr. Turner deposed to his mark which he made at the justice's.)
Mr. Thwaites. The piece stood about three feet within the door; and had not been moved till taken away.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.


                  JOHN
                   HILLIAR
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner from a child; he has followed the sea; I always heard he was a very honest young man.


                  ROBERT
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
I live in Little Britain; I have known him about four years; he is a very honest young man; and should have had no objection to have entrusted him with fifteen or twenty pounds worth of bread.
The prisoner called three other witnesses who gave him a very good character.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


