






345. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  , otherwise 
SCHOFIELD





            , and 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of Michael Sullivan, about the hour of six in the afternoon, on the 23d of May
, no person being therein, and feloniously stealing two linen shifts, value 2s. a man's silk handkerchief, value 5s. a kerseymere waistcoat, value 3s. two muslin caps, value 2s. a cotton counterpane, value 1l. a pair of blankets, value 1s. a pair of linen sheets, value 14s. a pair of pillows and pillow cases, value 16s. a linen table cloth, value 7s. six check aprons, value 4s. six pair of cotton stockings, value 6s. three linen handkercheifs, value 3s. four linen towels, value 1s. 6d.
             the goods of the said 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Sullivan
                  




               
            .


                  MICHAEL
                   SULLIVAN
               



             sworn.
Q. Where do you live? - In Newsoner's-lane, Drury-lane


. I went out on the 23d of May, between eight and nine in the morning, and locked my houseup, and came to do my business in the Old Bailey, I and my wife.


                  Q. 
               


            Who did you leave in your house? - No person.
Q. When had you seen all these things in the house? - On the morning that I left the house.
Q. When you came home at night they were all gone? - They were. This pair of cotton stockings were found in the place of the said prisoner at the bar, and these two linen shifts. The two prisoners lived in one house together, cohabited together, next door to where I live.
Q. And when did you find any of these things? - On the next day. A pair of stockings,and a linen shift, and a kerseymere waistcoat, and two silk handkerchiefs, I found pawned with Mr. Lloyd, in Drury-lane, by Ann Taylor; which the owned before the justice to be given her by the prisoner, and I also found two muslin caps in the prisoners house, which are now produced.
Q. Is that all that you found in their house? - Yes.
Q. Were those articles your's? - Yes. When I found my place stripped I went to the pawnbroker's to see what I could find, and I found two silk handkerchiefs at Mr.Lloyd's.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you ever get the duplicate of them? - No, that is all that I got; I never got any more. I have heard that they sold them in Phoenix-alley. They opened a box that was in the house,and took two shirts out and several other articles which I cannot recollect; the trunk was full of linen; the shirts were worth a guinea.


                  DAVID
                   LLOYD Sworn
               



            .


                  Q. 
               


            Are you a pawnbroker? - Yes, I keep a shop in Drury-lane.
Q. Did you receive any of these things? - Two silk handkerchiefs, on the 23d of May, about six o'clock in the evening, from one of the witnesses, 
               
                  Ann
                   Taylor
               



            .


                  ANN
                   TAYLOR
               



             Sworn.
Between the hours of two and three o'clock this day of the robbery, Mr. Schofield he borrowed my poker, and after having the poker about an hour or an hour and a half, he brought it back, it was beat flat, and when I asked him how it came to he beat flat, he said never mind, I will tell you by and by. In about half an hour after that he brought in two bundles and separated them out into three; they each one took one into Phoenix alley(the two prisoners at the bar) and I was afraid of my husband's coming, and his being angry at my keeping such company, I took the third myself into Long-acre, and he took it out of my hand to take it into Phoenix-alley; I was to stay there in a public house till they came.
Q. Did you? - Yes; and he took it of me himself. After that, when they came home again, (they were gone about half an hour or three quarters.) they gave me these two silk handkerchiefs to go and pawn them; and using Mr. Lloyd's shop I took them to Mr. Lloyd's for three shillings; I gave the money and the two tickets; and about ten o'clock they came and found the handkerchief in my name, and they took me out of bed,and I told them who gave me the handkercheiefs, and they were taken in the morning, but before they were taken 
               
                  John
                   Schofield
               



             came to me and got me to write a letter to Mr. William Gibbs, in Phoenix-alley, he keeps the public house where the things were, to send him some money; he sent it him on Sunday, but he was not at home, and his wife did not send them any, but on Monday he sent some.
Q. How much? - I cannot tell. When I was in the watch-house they conveyed some things into my room, they were not taken for some hours after that.

Mrs. SULLIVAN Sworn.
I am the wife of Michael Sullivan;I attended the search, on the 23d of May, in the prisoner's apartment; I see a few sorrounding things, an old stannel petticoat, and things that were not worth mentioning, that we did not miss; this gown that I have got on my back we found in the yard behind the house, they had dropped it in lifting the things over into their yard; I left it under a large table in my parlour, before I came here last Session, and a coloured apron.
Prisoner John. That there very woman, 
               
                  Ann
                   Taylor
               



            , came up into my apartment, and told me that that man and that woman were gone out, and she went over the way to the smith's to borrow a poker, and the smith lent it to her, She had before this been trying to break open this door with a pair of pincers, and I asked her, where did you get the pincers? says she, over the way; and she had been trying to break open the door for half an hour, and she went and brought the poker and broke open the door, and took the things out and took them into her own room; more then that she went with two silk handkerchiefs and pawned them at the pawnbroker's in Drury-lane; the pawnbroker never see me in his shop. This woman prisoner is very innocent of the affair; the knows nothing at all about it, for she was out at a day's work on the very day it happened, at the White House, in Long acre. My room was left open all the night long, they might put what they liked in it.
Prisoner Eleanor. I am innocent; I was out and did not come home till about nine o'clock; I never heard any thing about till they put me in the watch-house.
Prisoner John. She is as innocent as a lamb.


                  Ann
                   Taylor
               



            . If you please to believe me, she was picking her gown to pieces in my room when the act was done, a black gown; and she sent a man on Sunday to convey them out of my room, and he called her out, and about ten minutes after that he came in and brought the poker.
Prisoner Eleanor. I was not in the place at the same time. I hope you will look into it.
Q. To Taylor. Where did she go? - She was gone round and brought one of the bundles in her hand when she came in; she said she stood in the yard to receive it, it was a low wall.
John Williams, GUILTY.(Aged 36.)
Eleanor Williams, GUILTY.
(Aged 29.)




               Of stealing only
            .





               Transported for Seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
