





507. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry William 
                           Dinsdall
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the night of the 6th of October
, and burglariously stealing therein, a gold watch, value 10l. a cornelian seal set in gold, value 10s. a steel watch chain, value 8d. a gold watch key, value 2s. a gold bed hook, value 2s. one hundred and twenty-five pounds weight of sewing thread, value 80l. and twenty-five pounds weight of sewing cotton, value 20l. the goods of the said 
                     
                        Henry
                         William Dinsdall
                     



.


                  HENRY
                   WILLIAM DINSDALL
               



             sworn.
Q. Where do you keep house? - Queen-street, Cheapside


.
Q. Was your house broke open at any time? - Yes, on the evening of the 6th, between nine and ten, on Tuesday; nobody was in it.
Q. What time of the day was it you left it? - Between seven and eight as usual; it was quite dark, and in the first place I placed my watch in the desk and locked it; I then double locked my warehouse.
Q. Where was this desk that you locked? - In my counting house, at the bottom of my warehouse, I then locked the street door; I then went to one of the witnesses, 
               
                  Thomas
                   North
               



            , whom I had employed to sleep there, as I had done several nights previous; after which I see no more of the premises till the next morning.
Q. Was every part of this house and warehouse windows and doors fastened, before you went out? - Yes, they were.
Q. You are not aware that any part was left open? - I am not. The next morning, between seven and eight, I found my warehouse open; I observed a great part of my property moved from their respective places; I observed like wife two large bags completely filled with my property, laying near the warehouse door, filled with threads and tapes, sewing thread and sewing cotton. The next thing that I observed was my desk broke open; I examined it and found my watch was gone; it was a gold repeating watch.
Q. Did you lose a cornelian seal with it, a steel watch chain, a gold watch key, and a gold bed hook? - Yes; I have recovered the seals, and bed hook, and bed key.
Q. The other property, I understand, was not removed out of your house? - It was not.
Q. Are you perfectly sure from the observation that you made, that the property that you see in the morning, was removed in the course of the night? - I am perfectly sure of it. The bags were not my property; I never see them before.
Mr. Knapp. All these things, excepts ing the watch, was only put into the bags and not removed out of the house? - That I cannot speak to, because there were other persons in the house before me.
Q. This house was in a state of repair, was it not? - It was not. I had only a few days taken the house; I had never slept in it.
Q. Had you ever left this house without any body in the house? - I had, but not for five or six nights previous to this robbery.
Q. Since the time that you left your house empty, had you seen all the things that you have described to be found in bags? - I have not a doubt but I have; but I cannot speak particularly.
Q. The very night this business was done, you went out and left North in the house? - I did not; I went to his house and delivered him the key, in St. Ann's-lane, near Maiden-lane, Wood-street.
Q. We know that St. Ann's lane, and Queen street, Cheapside, are at a considerable distance? - Some distance.

Q. It may be ten minutes walk there and back again? - It may.
Q. During this time that you went to give the key, the house was left empty? - It certainly was.
Q. Did you return to the house with North? - I did not.
Q. Then you don't know, in point of fact, when North returned to the house? - I certainly cannot speak to that.
Q. How long previous to this robbery had North slept in your house? - Only a few nights, North and Chamberlain.
Q. What is North? - A hair dresser.
Q. What is Chamberlain? - He is the same.
Q. They are not servants of your's? - They are not.


                  THOMAS
                   NORTH
               



             sworn.
I am a hair dresser; I slept in this house the night it was broke open.
Q. Who brought you the key? - Mr. Dinsdall, about twenty minutes before eight.
Q. How soon did you go to the house? - About ten minutes before ten. In putting the key into the door I discovered the door to be on the single lock; it rather startled me, as every evening before I found it double locked; immediately the key was in I opened it and sees a glimmering light in the passage, and I says to another young man that went with me to sleep there, there are thieves in the house; his name is 
               
                  James
                   Chamberlain
               



            ; he immediately says, pull to the door. We endeavoured to pull to the door and double lock it, to keep them in, but they over powered us, and opened the door and rushed out. I don't know how many were in the house; I see two men come out; I know one to be the man, for I caught hold of him as he came out; I cannot speak to the other.
Q. Was there any light in the house at the time? - None but the light of the dark lanthorn, in the hands of a person, when we opened the door. As he came out of the house I caught hold of the man at the bar, and with the force of his coming out, he sent me to the ground; I had hold of his coat at the same time, but I was obliged to leave go his coat; in the mean time he got the other side of the way; I fell to the ground on my side, by his rushing out; I was obliged to loose my hold to recover myself, by that time he gained the other side of the way, and I caught him by the flap of his coat again before he got to the pavement, and there I held him, till. I gave him in charge to the constable; he ran some little distance. There was not a foul about, that it was impossible for me to be mistaken in the man that I laid hold of. The other young man pursued the other, and I kept this in my eye. When the constable took charge of him, he took him into a public house and searched him; he had nothing about him; but while I had hold of him, he rummaged his pockets for something, and he slipped his hand between his thighs and dropped something, which founded to me like keys, and there were some pick lock keys brought to us in the house.
Q. Where was it he dropped something? - In Queen-street, the corner of Watling-street; I see his hand, but I did not see what he had got in his hand.
Q. How soon were the pick lock keys brought in after? - About two minutes.
Q. Is the person here that brought them in? - I don't think he is; he was a person that came up promiscuously, and I don't think we have seen him since. I see him to the counter; we went back immediately to the house, after I had been to the counter.
Q. What became of the other prisoner? - He got out of the other young man's hands; he was not taken. The other young man got back before me; when Igot back, there was a bag with a number of goods packed in it in the passage, and another bag in the warehouse on the floor, about three parts full. I went to the little compting house, and there I perceived the strews had been wrenched out of the halps of the little desk.
Q. Was there any violence done to the door of the house? - Nothing at all. They must have got in by pick lock keys.
Q. Was it light or dark when you got there? - It was a dark night; we could see by the light of the lamps ten or twenty yards.
Mr. Knapp. We understand from the prosecutor that he left the house between seven and eight, and you were there about ten, so that there were two hours elapsed between the time that the prosecutor left you the key and the time you went there? - There was.
Q. You pursued the prisoner at the bar? - I did.
Q. Chamberlain's attention was not directed to the prisoner, it was after another man? - It was.
Q. I believe the keys that were found were found after the prisoner was in custody? - After I had got him. I could not perceive what it was dropt, but I heard the rattle of something like keys, and I see him rummage his pockets.
Q. This was the sixth of October, and about ten at night, dark of course? -Dark, so as you might see by the lamps.
Q. The night was dark without the lamps? - It was. It was a wet night, but free from rain at that time.
Q. You told my lord just now that there was no other light but the light of the dark lanthorn? - Not in the house. As I opened the door there was no other light that I could see but the dark lanthorn, and that was in the man's hand.
Q. You endeavoured to pull to the door? - I did. My partners had hold of the nob of the door, and I had hold of the key, but that was not so strong a purchase as they might have on the inside.
Q. But however, notwithstanding that, they rushed out, and you was down in a moment? - I was.
Q. What became of the lanthorn? - It was found in the house afterwards. There is a lamp directly opposite.
Q. Queen-street is a wide street you know? - Just room for two carts to pass. I could evidently see any person that was coming up or down the street for ten or twenty yards.
Q. Do you mean to say, that at the distance of ten or twenty yards that you could discern a man so as to know him? - I don't say so, but he was not two yards from me.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner at the bar before in your life? - Never, but it was all momentary, and he was in custody momentary.
Q. Don't you know that the life of the man at the bar is at stake in this prosecution? - No, I cannot say that.
Q. Then I tell you that his life is at stake; on your oath do you mean to swear to this man under these circumstances? - I do, I can do it, I have done it.
Q. Have you ever heard there is a reward in the case of conviction, where a house is broke open? - Yes, I have heard such a thing.
Q. What sort of a reward, how much is it? - According to the circumstances. I have heard there is a reward of forty pounds if the man is to be hanged.
Q. Pray, sir, what may you be? - I am a hair-dresser, and keep a house in St. Ann's-lane, and the man that I lived with I lived with till I was in business for myself.


                  JAMES
                   CHAMBERLAIN
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you go with North to the prosecutor's house? - I did. As soon as North came to the door, we were alarmed by a glimmer of light, and North and I attempted to pull the door to, but we were overcome by somebody inside, and they with force rushed out upon us. The first man that came out was the man I struck at, that made his escape. I pursued him across the road, and he presented something to me which I thought to be a pistol.
Q. What became of the other man, do you know? - I know not, only that North had hold of him. I see him lay hold of a man that came out of the door.
Q. The man that North laid hold of was taken to a public house? - Yes.
Q. As soon as you lost your man did you return to Dinsdall, or go to the public house? - I returned to Dinsdall, and from there I went to the public house.
Q. Was the door open when you returned? - It was. I did not enter it before I went to the public house, and got a light in a lanthorn, the Three Cranes, in Queen-street.
Q. Did you see the prisoner at the public house? - Yes, I see North have hold of him at the public house.
Q. Did you observe any thing else, were there any keys produced? - Not while I was there.
Q. Did you go back to Mr. Dinsdall's? - I did, with the light. I found a large pack of goods in the passage, tied up, and another pack in the warehouse, three parts full, and found the desk in the counting house broke open, and a few halfpence scattered about it, with a locket; there was a variety of goods lay scattered about the warehouse, and a dark lanthorn between the warehouse door and the passage.
Q. Was there any light in the dark lanthorn, or had it been put out? - Put out.
Q. Did the candle appear as if it had been lately burning? - Yes.
Q. When we searched the house we heard there were three men, but we could find no other.
Q. There was nothing disturbed in the upper part of the house? - Nothing in the world.
Mr. Knapp. Were you present when the prisoner was searched? - No, I was not.
Q. There was a considerable brush out of the house? - There was.
Q. Were you thrown down? - I was not.
Q. You don't undertake to swear to the man that North took? - I do not. I see him take hold of a man, but who that man was I cannot say.


                  RICHARD
                   WOOD
               



             sworn.
I am a scale beam maker. On the 6th of October, Tuesday evening, it may be some little before ten o'clock in the evening, I had just done supper, I thought I heard rather more noise than usual. I opened my door, and found a man of the name of North had a man in possession by the collar, and I was given to understand that he had made his escape out of the next house to mine.
Q. Look at the prisoner? - That is the man. We went into the public house which is next door, and there he was searched by one Wright, a watchman; I went with him to the counter. I see the keys and a dark lanthorn; the keys were brought into the public house, one part picked up in Queen-street, and the other part in Watling-street. They were brought into the Three Cranes.
Q. Who has kept the keys ever since? - I believe Wright, the constable.



                  JAMES
                   RUSSELL
               



             sworn.
I am a stationer. I see the man on the sixth of this month at the Fleece, in Well-court, in company with another man, about a quarter after nine at night, or near ten, he called for six penny's worth of gin and water; he sat down for about five minutes, and another man came and pushed the door open, and then the other two immediately went out, after having a glass of gin at the bar altogether. They went out together. About half an hour after that I was sitting at the Fleece door, and I heard a noise in Queen-street, and I immediately went out and see the prisoner now at the bar in the hands of North.
Q. How far might this public house be in Fleece-court from the house of Dinsdall? - I take it about one hundred and fifty yards.
Mr. Knapp. What time was it you saw the prisoner come into the Fleece? - About nine o'clock.
Q. How long was it before the other man came in? - There was one man came in with him.
Q. How long were they in before the third man came in? - Three or four minutes.
Q. What are you? - A stationer.
Q. Were you sworn before the justice? - I was.


                  JOHN
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
Q. You are an officer; you were at the Three Cranes this Tuesday night? - I was. I heard call stop thief. I am patrol and constable, but I was not on duty. I was drinking a pint of beer. I left my beer on the table, and ran out of the public house, and I see 
               
                  John
                   North
               



             have hold of the prisoner. I assisted them. I asked 
               
                  John
                   North
               



             what he had done, he said, broke open a house.
Q. Did you search him? - I did. I found nothing but a proper house key.
Q. Were there any other keys produced or brought there? - There were.
Mr. Knapp. Who did you have them of? - I don't know.
Q. What time do you go on your beat? - Ten o'clock at that time.
Court to Prosecutor. With regard to your chain and some other parts of your watch, where did you get that? - From two men that are here.
Prisoner. I leave it all to my counsel. If Mr. North takes on himself to swear that I am the person that came out of the house, it is very little use to say any thing.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not in the dwelling, house, nor of breaking and entering
            .(Aged 36.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
