





16. 
               
                  
                     TELEMACHUS 
                     HOPEFULL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of November
, two linen sheets, value 6s. two woollen blankets value 6s. two bed curtains made of worsted and linen, value 2s 6d. and a window curtain made of woollen and linen, value 1s. 6d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Baron
                        




                     
                  , in her lodging room
            .


                  ANN
                   BARON
               



             sworn.
I am a widow
, I let a room to this man, Hopefull, I am sure of the man, on Saturday the 23d of November, furnished, for five shillings a week, in Wood-street, in the parish of St. Alban's


.
Q. Was your lodging ever robbed at any time? - Never robbed before; he lived in his lodgings eight weeks; a friend that he lodged with before came and told me that I had a right to examine his lodgings once a week, and I went up and examined his lodgings, and took a friend with me.
Q. Had he left your lodgings at this time? - No, he had not, he never paid me a farthing rent, and bid me defiance of quitting my lodging.
Q. Who was the person that went up with you? - One Edwards, he is not here.
Q. How did you get into his room? - I opened the door, and went in, I throwed up the quilt from the bed, and missed my sheets, blankets and pillow, and window curtain and a bed curtain.
Q. What day was that you did this? - On Saturday, the 23d of November; he had promised me time after time to give me some money, he told me he would bring it me in three hours, that was ten o'clock; he came home between seven and eight, and he told me he should bring a bill; I told him if it was a good one perhaps I should get a friend to cash it.
Q. Did any thing pass between you and him, about these things? - No, he brought me the note.

Q. Did any thing pass about the furniture? - No conversation at all; he came home about eight o'clock, and presented a note, supposed not to be worth any thing; he came home between seven and eight o'clock; I told him I would take an hour to consider of it, in the mean time I sent for a constable, and had him taken into custody. It was a twelve guinea note, not worth any thing; he had lived on my property, and never paid me a farthing rent.
Q. Now have you ever found any of this property that was missing? - They were all found at the pawnbroker's the Saturday evening; I have seen them all.
Q. Do you know them again? - Yes.
Mr. Knapp. So this man had lodged with you there eight weeks? - Yes.
Q. I believe he had not paid you any money at all? - He had not, he bid me defiance, and my husband was sick, and died at the same time, my husband died the 3d of October, but he has never paid any thing.
Q. From which of course made you think very hardly of him, not having paid you any rent; you taxed him with it? - I certainly asked him a great many times; by my own distress I wanted money.
Q. I would ask you whether he did not present you down a note that was to pay his rent? - He meant to pay a part of it, as I understood.
Q. He came home on this Saturday? - He did, with this bad note, and presented it to me.
Q. So that after the charge you had charged against him, he comes home to his own lodging again? - Yes, he did.
Q. I fancy if you had been paid your rent we should not have heard of this prosecution? - I scorn to do any thing but what is just; and he impudently came down into my shop between twelve and one o'clock, and says, very impudently, it is me, I want a candie; I was not safe with him in my house.


                  JOHN
                   FLETCHER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I had a warrant, and I went on Saturday night to take charge of this man, that was the day the things were missing; I went into the room, the two pair of stairs where he lodged; I asked him if he knew were the things were? She said, he had pawned them; says I, give me the duplicates, and he gave me the duplicates, he gave me seven duplicates.
Mr. Knapp. Did not you tell him it would be better for him if he confessed? - I asked him what he had done with the property.
Q. You took him at his own lodgings? - I did.
Q. How long have you been a constable? - Two years.
Q. Perhaps you never heard of a man after having committed a felony, going home to his own lodgings.


                  JOHN
                   MORETT
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker's servant, Mr. Crouch, in Fore-street; I produce a sheet pawned the 30th of October last by the prisoner; he came to my master's, I knew his person before, I am sure he is the man.
Q. Did he tell you where he got that from? - No, he did not, he said it was his own.
Court to Mrs. Baron. When did he take your room? - Eight weeks before he was taken.
Court to the Constable. Produce the duplicates. - (Produces them.)
Q. To Morett. See if you can find the duplicate of the sheet among them? - This is the duplicate of the sheet, in the name of 
               
                  John
                   Hope
               



            ; my master took in the other things. (Reads the other duplicates) a sheet for four shillings, Mr. Hope, Crouch, Fore-street, October 20 1794, a blanket for two shillings, Mr. Hope, November 10th 1794; and there isthree different curtains, one on the 2d of November, another on the 7th, and one on the 8th, in the name of Mr. Hope.
Court to Prosecutrix. Look at that sheet, and see if that sheet is your's? - I know this to be mine, it has not been joined, nor yet marked, but I know it to be my sheet.
Mr. Knapp. You continued to know it to be your sheet; and you can give no reason at all why you know it? - I know it to be my sheet.
Q. I dare say you would continue to say so till twelve o'clock at night.
Q. Has there been any stain on it, or any thing that you know it by? - I do not pretend to say there is any stain upon it, but I have cloth at home that will match it, it is my sheet.
Q. You have told the jury just now that there is no stain, that there is no mark, that there is no reason whatever that you can fix on it to be your property, only it is like the linen that you have now at home; may not another person have the same quality, of the same degree of fineness? - It is my sheet.
Q. Did you ever see now any of the same quality of linen belonging to other persons, in other persons houses? - I have not examined other peoples houses.
Q. You must give the jury and my lord some satisfactory answer how you know it; I ask you again how you know it to be your sheet? you must give the jury and my lord some satisfactory answer how you know it? - I never examined so closely.
Q. When did you buy it? how long have you had it? - I cannot particularly say, it has never been mended, it has wore a good while, I have had it, I suppose, as much as two years.
Q. When you bought it, it may be you saw a great deal of linen of the same quality in the shop? - I do not pretend to say.
Q. Will you swear that at the time you bought this linen, there was no more of the same quality as that, that you bought at the shop? - I came here to swear to my sheet, I would be sorry to swear to any thing that is not just.
Q. Will you pretend to swear that your next door neighbour, and all those persons with whom you are not acquainted, may not have linen for sheets exactly of the same quality to that which you are now swearing to? why the sheet sticks close to you, and you to the sheet? Will you take on yourself to swear that your neighbour, or other persons may not have linen of the same quality as you are swearing to? - I have never nothing to do with my neighbours, I have always enough to do at home; I will not swear. I have nothing at all to do with my neighbours.
Q. Will you swear by any mark, or any reason whatever? - I will not swear by any mark or stain, or any thing of the sort, but I know it is mine.
Q. If you had this sheet amongst a deal of linen of the same quality, could you have picked it out as your sheet? - I have one to fellow it at home.
Court to Morrett. How came your master not to attend here? - Because he was not bound over.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 32.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
