






341. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     EDMONDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of May

, two cotton gowns, value 1l. 10s. two silk cloaks, value 1l. 4s. two dimity petticoats, value 14s. six yards and a quarter of cotton, value 16s. a muslin handkerchief, value 1s. 6d. at pair of stockings, value 2s. and five shilings in monies numbered
            , the goods and monies of 
               
                  Michael 
                  Mac Dermont
               



            : and 
               
                  CATHARINE, the wife

 of John EDMONDS
               




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 20th of May, a silk cloak, value 12s. two dimity petticoats, value 14s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. being part of the before mentioned goods
            .


                  ELEANOR
                   MAC DERMONT
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of Michael Mac Dermont, in Market-lane, in St. James's parish; I lost the property the 20th of May; two silk cloaks, two gowns male, and a piece of cotton; two dimity petticoats, and a muslin handkerchief, a pair of stockings, and five shillings in silver.
Q. Where were those things taken from? - They were taken from Market-lane



, out of a box, between four and five in the afternoon, by the girl, 
               
                  Ann
                   Edmonds
               



            ; I never knew her, nor ever see her but three days before that; she came to me where I sat, facing the Prince o Wales, selling fruit; she came to me, and had a kind of blanket on her, in ead of a bed gown, and I asked her what she was doing about me? I thought she was wanting to take some of the fruit from me; I asked her what male her stand so close to me? she said she was doing no harm, and she wanted a broom to earn some money, to get some victuals; and I sent her home to my siner, in Market-lane, and my sister gave her a broom, and she got four-pence mispenny that same day, from gentlemen; I thought it wasa pity that such a child like her should be hungry.
Q. Where were you sitting? - Facing the Prince of Wales's.
Q. Did you see the things taken away? - No, I did not.


                  Q. 
               


            How soon did you discover they were gone? - I went up to the house, and I found the box open, and I cried out to my landlord, that my things were out of the place; and a little boy told me; I went after her the day following, I went to enquire where she lived before, and I found out that her father was a patrol in St. Martin's parish; I went to the watch house-keeper, and asked him if he knew such a person? he said he knew he lived about Westminster, but are did not know what street.


                  Q. 
               


            Tell us where you found any clothes? - I found them in the mother's box and the duplicate of one gown in the mother's pocket.
Q. Is 
               
                  Catherine
                   Edmonds
               



             her mother? - Yes. I found them between ten and eleven o'clock at night, on the 21st. I found two petticoats, a silk cloak, and a pair of stockings in her box, in her own room, and she had the duplicate of my gown in her pocket.
Q. Had she got any of the clothes on? - No. And five shillings was lost too, I did not find the money, but I found the purse which I left in the box, laying on the chair when I went in.
Q. Where is the duplicate? - The beadle of the parish has it, he took it out of her pocket before my face.


                  EDWARD
                   BATHORN
               



             sworn.
Q. Have you got the duplicate? - Yes; I took it out of Catharine Edmonds pocket. Here is the purse, it was laying on the chair.
Q. To Prosecutrix. How did you get the box opened, in which the clothes were? - When the gentleman here insisted on it that he should get it open, then she gave the key out of her pocket.
Q. When you got that duplicate, what did you do with it? - The gentleman brought it before justice Bond.
Batborn. The duplicates were all torn, except this one. After we had been at Bow street I went to the pawnbroker, Mr. Brown, Strutton-ground, Westminster, where the gown was pawned.


                  JOSEPH
                   TEMPLE
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Brown. I produce a gown, I received it of the little girl at the bar, on the 21st of May; nobody was with her.
Prosecutrix. This is my gown, all the red of the things are mine, but I cannot swear to the stockings, because they are not marked, I never worn them.
Mr. Peat to Temple. You say that the little girl brought that gown of your house; there were no other things found there? - Nothing else.
Q. To Prosecutrix. You live where? - Market-lane. No. 12.


                  Q. 
               


            What did you mean by all the rest of the things? The rest that were found in the box of the tallest of the two prisoners? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            You was present when they were found? - Yes, it was my own hands that took them out of the box.
Q. What induced you to think it was the box of the mother of the prisoner? - I did not think any thing about it only I would get all the boxes searched.
Q. Did you in fact know whose box it was? - I do not understand you.
Q. You know if you have any thing in your room, you know whether it is your own or somebody else's. What made you think the box to belong to Edmonds, the mother of the girl? - I don't know who it belonged to.
Q. You say you sell fruit for your living? - I never sold fruit till last May,when my husband went on board a man of war.
Q. You never let lodgings to women of the town? - No, I never did any such a thing.
Q. How came that little girl to know any thing about your apartment? - She came to me while I was sitting facing the Prince of Wales's house.


                  Q. 
               


            Had you ever seen that little girl before? - Not before in my life.
Q. Did you at all know, or imagine what sort of a life the little girl led, or what she employed herself in? - I did not imagine any thing at all about her, because she was so young.


                  Q. 
               


            Nor you don't know that she went with gentlemen, or any thing of that sort? - I do not.
Q. Did you ever lend her any clothes, in order that she might adorn that sweet person of her's? - I never did.
Q. Did you ever lend clothes to any girls of that description, in order that they might dress themselves? - No, I never did, because I am almost a stranger in London.


                  Q. 
               


            Nor you was not at all apprised of that little girl's mode of conducting herself, nor how she got her bread, you are sure of that? - I never knew any thing of her before that time; she got four-pence halfpenny that day that I gave her the broom.
Court. Was the sweeping the street? - Yes.
Mr. Peale. Then she never told you that she got a few shillings, more or less, of gentlemen. I am not supposing that you was present, but whether she told you how she got money? - She did not.
Q. Then in fact you never lent her any clothes? - I never did.
Court. Pray were these clothes your own wearing apparel? - Yes, they were.
Court. They would not sit that girl?
Mr. Peale. Why did you introduce her to your lodging? - She told me she had neither father nor mother.


                  Q. 
               


            Now, pray how long was it before you missed your clothes, that you had seen your clothes in the trunk or chest, whereever they were? - That very morning I put the five shillings in the trunk.
Q. Then you don't know who took them from your trunk, or chest? - I do not, no otherwise than I found them at her mother's.


                  MARY
                   HUNT
               



             sworn.
Q. What is your husband's christian name? - Thomas.
Q. You are the sister of the last witness? - Yes.
Q. Do you live in the same house? - Yes.
Q. Where you at home when the things were stole? - No, I was selling oranges. I lost a gown made, and a piece for a gown unmade; they are here.


                  JOHN
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I live with Page and Co. St. Martin's-lane; I have got the unmade gown, the girl brought it, and said she brought it from her mother, on the 20th of May.
(Produced.)
Hunt. It is mine.
FRANCIS STILES sworn.
I produce a gown, I got it from the prisoner at the bar, the girl, on the 20th of May. I live with Mr. Winksinan, the corner of Bull yard, Broad-street, near Middle-row, St. Giles's.
Q. To Patborn. How did you find out the things were at the pawnbroker's? - The girl told me; I asked her where the duplicates of the rest of the things were? and she said she had tore them. I asked her her reason for so doing? and she said the thought her mother would got them; and take the things out; her mother was present at this, and said nothing; I then asked her where they were pawned? which she told me, and I have a memorandum of the place.


                  ROBERT
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
On the 20th of May I lent twenty shillings on this gown patch.
Prosecutrix. It is mine.
To Armstrong. Who did you lend it to? - To the best of my knowledge it was to the girl, she was alone.
Mr. Peate to Prosecutrix. You found all these things in some room, which you understood to be the mother's room; did the little girl tell you how she had left her mother? - She said that she had parted with her.
Q. But you was not at all surprised when you found her at the mother's? - I was greatly surprised.
Q. If you had a child you would have taken her in in that situation? - Yes.
Q. And if she had brought things you would not have thrown them out of window, you would have suffered the child to have laid them down? - I would have sent them back, or else I would have enquired to whom they belonged.


                  JOSEPH
                   FELLOWS
               



             sworn.
I produce a gown, I took it in of the girl.
Q. You are a pawnbroker likewise?
Prosecutrix. That is my gown.
Prisoner 
               
                  Ann
                   Edmonds
               



            . I went up to see the Prince of Wales's wedding, and this woman asked me if I had any where to go? and I told her no, and she gave me these things to go along with gentlemen, and my mummy did not know nothing at all about it; and then she said she would make me pay for them, and so I took them to my mammy's, and my mammy wanted to know where I was, and I was afraid to tell her. She stripped me of my own clothes, and sent me to have my cars bolt.
Court. How old are you? - Between eleven and twelve.
Prisoner 
               
                  Catharine
                   Edmonds
               



            . The child left me the day the prince of Wales was married, which was the 8th of May, I never set my eyes on the child no more till the Wednesday before Easter, and when she went she had not a stitch on her but a flannel coat, and she sent for me at ten o'clock at night, and she was dressed in that manner that it astonissed me to see her.
Prisoner Ann. They told me they would transport my mammy, and my old rascal of a daddy, and said they would do for me.
Prisoner Catharine. At ten o'clock I found her dressed with a straw bonnet, and that cotton gown drawn up, and that black silk cloak drawn about her, and a petticoat that dragged on the ground, and not a stitch on that she took away with her.
The prisoner Catharine Edmonds called three witnesses who gave her a good character.
Prisoner Catharine. The duplicate was not taken from my pocket, it was on the mantle piece, the child put it there.


                  Ann
                   Edmonds
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 11.)





               Fined one shilling
            .
Catharine Edmonds, 

               GUILTY
            .(Aged 40.)




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
