





501. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ROSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of August
, a muslin shawl, value 1s. 6d. and two silk handkerchiefs, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Spinkes
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY
                   SPINKES
               



             sworn. - I am a publican
, in the Minories


: I was not at home at the time the things were lost.


                  JANE
                   SPINKES
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry
                   Spinkes
               



            : The prisoner, 
               
                  George
                   Rose
               



            , came to our house on the 11th of August, he said, he had come home in one of the Indiamen, and he was a perfect stranger in London, and wished to have a lodging: he laid that night at our house; and then he asked me to lend him five shillings, which I did; he said, his clothes were at Mr. Wallis's, at Gravesend, and wished me to accommodate him with a clean shirt till he could get his things; I lent him one, and he went out, and I saw no more of him till Wednesday, the 15th of August, between four and five in the afternoon, he came in a coach, and was very much in liquor; I told him to go and lie down, which he did for two hours; he asked me to lend him 5s. more; I told him I should do no such thing, and as he was walking towards me, I saw a shawl of mine hanging out of his pocket, I had been washing them; I sent up the servant to see how the things were, and she came down, and said, there were a great many handkerchiefs and things gone; upon that I went up and found two silk handkerchiefs and the shawl missing; I then came down and sent for an officer; he found the silkhandkerchiefs in his hat, I saw the officer take them out.


                  JOHN
                   BRIDGER
               



             sworn. - I am a headborough of St. George's in the East; I was sent for by Mrs. Spinkes on Wednesday, the 15th of August, about five o'clock; I found these two silk handkerchiefs in his hat. (Produces them.)
Mrs. Spinkes. This is my shawl, and the silk handkerchiefs have the initials of my husband's name.
Prisoner's defence. I was quite groggy, I went up to lie down, I had a 5l. note and two guineas and a half in gold, I had it for wages from the India Company. I came from India in the Marquis of Lansdown East-Indiaman; I had received 14l. 3s. 3d. that day at the India-house, and put it under my pillow, and when I waked my money was gone, and every thing was gone, my neckcloth was gone; there was a woman came into the room while I was there; I have been here four weeks; I have no friends at all, nor any body to give me any thing, but the allowance of bread; somebody had put two handkerchiefs into my hat as it hung upon the nail.
Q. (To Bridger.) What is the character of this house? - A. It is a house of very good character.
Q. Did he say any thing when he was taken up of having been robbed of his note and money? - A. I did not hear him.


                  MARY
                   CONNOR
               



             sworn. Q. Did you ever see any note of his, or money? - A. No, I did not.(Here the Court dispatched a messenger to the India-house, where an enquiry was made.)
Q.(To Mrs. Spinkes.) When 
               
                  George
                   Rose
               



             came to you on the 15th of August, did he say any thing about his wages? - A. He said he was going to the Pay-office, at the India-House.
Q. About what time was it? - A. About eleven.
Q. What time did he go out? - A. He did not go out at all that day; he went up stairs for about two hours, between four and five.


                  JOSEPH
                   RAY
               



             sworn. - I am a clerk in the Pay-office in the India-House.
Q. Do you know on what day 
               
                  George
                   Rose
               



             received any pay, or any body for him? - A. On the 18th of August.
Q. Who received the money? - A. Margaret Peterson, acting as attorney for 
               
                  Gregory
                   Peterson
               



            , who keeps the Ship, in Wapping.
Q. (To Mrs. Spinkes.) What is your sign? - A. The Globe, in Globe-street, Wapping.
Mr. Ray. He signed the bill of sale on the 12th of July. GUILTY (Aged 22.)




               The prisoner was recommended by the Jury to the mercy of the Court
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
