






142. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PEARCE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHANDLER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of January
, seven quarters of oats, value 1l. 19s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Morley
                  




               
            .
The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.


                  WILLIAM
                   MORLEY
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are a corn factor
? - Yes.
Q. Had you any warehouse to deposit corn in at Mill Bank


, on the 22d of February? - Yes, I have had that place for some years; I believe all I can say is that the property that was there is mine, and I never gave any orders to these people; I always send my orders to Mr. Dunning, my granary man.
Q. Do you know who Dunning employs? - I do not, he sometimes employs a hundred people, I leave all that to Mr. Dunning.


                  HENRY
                   DUNNING
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are the person intrusted by Mr. Morley with his corn at Mill Bank? - Yes.
Q. Do you know either of the prisoners at the bar? - Yes, 
               
                  William
                   Pearce
               



             has worked for me and my father about two years and a half.
Q. You have employed him on Mr. Morley's premises there? - Yes.
Q. Were there any grain on the 22d of January, in Mr. Morley's premises at Mill Bank? - Yes.
Q. What day of the week was it? - I do not recollect.
Q. Did you miss any corn from there? - I sent William Pearce and William Everett to load Mr. Gant's waggons on the 22d of January.
Q. Had you any order for that? - Yes, I had, from, Mr. 
               
                  William
                   MOrley
               



            , to let Mr. Gant have it.
Q. What was the quantity to deliver? - Upwards of five hundred quatero; housed to send for twenty or thiety quarters a day.
Q. What quantity was to be delivered on that day? - They were to deliver thirty-four quarters.
Q. Was that the only order for that day delivered to them? - It was, there was no other delivered to them that day.
Q. Was Chandler any person employed by you at any time? - No, I never see Chandler before I see him the night he was taken.
Q. Do you know whether any corn was missing from that place? - When the bulk of corn went away, the quantity that was in that warehouse was cleared away, there appeared to be a deficiency of fifty-two quarters and four bushels; it was cleared away in two or three days. The quantity was six hundred and one quarters when landed, and when it came to go away it was fifty-two quarters short of that.
Q. After Pearce had delivered this quantity that was ordered for Mr. Gant, was it his business to stay in the warehouse, or quit? - I gave him orders tostay in the warehouse till six o'clock at night, left Mr. Gant might send for more.
Q. But no more than the thirty-four quarters were sent for by Gant? - No, not that day.
Mr. Gurney. You superintend this warehouse and employed a number of hands to deliver out the corn? - I do.
Q. In what manner do you give them the order? - I give them a written order and tell them who are the persons that are coming for the corn, and the persons that come for the corn bring a written order.
Q. On this occasion, there was a bulk called Mr. Gant's bulk? - Yes.
Q. You had desired Pearce to deliver out a quantity to Mr. Gant? - He did.
Q. Mr. Gant sent different carts and waggons for that quantity? - He did.
Q. Was you there when it was delivered? - No.
Q. Then you don't know what carts or what waggons he sent, or what persons he sent? - I do not.
Q. Do you mean to say that corn has not been given out without a written order? - Never without I give a verbal order.
Q. Now in the case of Gant; Mr. Gant was a person that bought a great quantity of you; in such a case it was possible to have corn delivered without having a written order? - He gave an original order at once.
Q. Do you mean to say that for every small quantity there was a written order given? - It always was, except it was a person that had corn frequently, that was known perfectly well.
Q. Then in a case like that of Mr. Gant's it has happened? - Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. That delivered to Mr. Gant, was it delivered by written order or not? - It was delivered by written order.
Q. Therefore there could be no verbal order in the case of Mr. Gant? - There could not.
Court. The quantity that was delivered to Gant that day was delivered by a written order? - It was.
Q. The question I put to you is this, If such a man who had corn often, if he had applied to Pearce without your knowledge, whether Pearce would have been justified in letting him have it? - Mr. Gant would have sent down a note by him at night.
Q. The question is, if in that day Mr. Gant having received all according to the written order, had thought fit to have sent 
               
                  Pearce
               


             an order, would he have been justified to have sent it? - If Mr. Grant had sent him he would have delivered it, because I had shewn him the original note; he would not if the original note was complied with.


                  Q. 
               


            Supposing it was a customer of the house sent for corn, would Pearce have given it out without your knowing it? - No, he would not.


                  Q. 
               


            Suppose a customer had applied for corn, and Pearce had sent it, what would that customer have done in the course of the day? - He would have given 
               
                  Pearce
               


             an order, he would not have delivered it without an order.
Q. Did you ever know him deliver any without a written order? - No, not without he had an order of us.
Q. This order not being complied with would Pearce have delivered it on a verbal order? - If he had delivered it on a verbal order he would have given me an account at night.


                  JAMES
                   PARTINGTON
               



             sworn.
I am a carter, drive a cart.
Q. Do you know Pearce? - Yes.

Q. Do you know where he worked? - No, I know no further then when I went with the cart.
Q. Where did you go with the cart? - To Millbank, Westminster, just by the ship, the gateway.
Q. What did you go with the cart for? - For five quarters of corn. The man at the left hand side, standing at the bar(Chandler) he came to hire the cart, he went with me and came back with me.
Q. Who did you get the corn of? - That man, Pearce helped up the sacks, and Chandler wheeled it to me; it was the ground floor, about even with the tail of the cart.
Q. Do you know what corn it was? - Oats.
Q. How many sacks were there? - Fifteen.
Q. When they were put into the cart, you say, I think, one lifted them up and the other wheeled them to the tail of the cart? - Yes. There were three people concerned in it, but the other is not taken.
Q. When you got them to the cart where did you go, and who went with you? - Chandler went with me to the Three Horse Shoes, Grosvenor square.
Q. Do you know who kept the Three Horse Shoes? - A Mr. Dunn.


                  Q. 
               


            When you got to Dunn's house, what became of the oats? - The oats were taken up into a room, a granary house.
Q. Who was present when they were delivered? - Chandler.
Q. Who was present to receive them? - Mr. Dunn. Chandler backed them to the tail of the cart to me, and I carried them up to Dunn's premises.
Q. Were they all delivered to Dunn's premises? - Yes, them fifteen sacks.
Q. Are you sure that Pearce and Chandler were the two that delivered the corn to you? - Yes, I am.
Mr. Gurney. What goal do you come out of? - I come out of no goal; I hope I never shall.
Q. Who first told you to charge Pearce with this? - There was nobody told me; I never had any orders to challenge any body.
Q. If you don't convict somebody else you may be charged yourself; you carried the oats, you took these oats, therefore if you do not charge somebody else you may be put in prison yourself? - I cannot charge any body else.
Q. Who was with you? - Nobody but these two, and the other man that is away.
Mr. Knowlys. It is supposed that you have been charged with this offence, has any body charged you with dishonesty in the transaction? - Never nobody.
Q. You attended there as carman to do your master's business; you received the money, and accounted with your master for it? - I did not take the money, my master did.
Q. Therefore you derived no profit of it? - Not a halfpenny.


                  JOHN
                   DUNN
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you keep the Three Horse Shoes, James-street, Grosvenor-square? - Yes.
Q. Did you at any time purchase any oats of any body? - Yes.
Q. Is your's a public house? - Yes; I keep a public house, and am a stable-keeper.
Q. Was any corn brought to you in the month of January? - On the 17th of January there was a man came down the yard, whose name was Woolley, who was originally a stable-keeper, he calls up, do you want any corn?

Q. Did you, on the 22d of January, receive any corn? - Yes.
Q. Should you recollect the carman who brought it? - I know him perfectly well, James Partington.
Q. Do you know the person who came with him with the corn? - Yes, Mr. Chandler.
Q. How much was there of it? - First of all I bought of Mr. Chandler on the 17th of January -
Q. We must not go to that. What did you buy on the 22d? - I did, not buy this on the 22d of Mr. Chandler, I bought it of a Mr. Catling.


                  Q. 
               


            Was that the corn that Partington brought? - Yes.
Q. Do you know who Mr. Catling is? - No, I never see him but that time.
Q. When was it you see Catling about that corn? - To the best of my recollection, I cannot say whether it was a day or two days before it was delivered.
Q. When it was delivered Chandler came with it on the 22d? - Yes.
Q. Who did you pay for it? - Mr. Chandler.
Q. Do you mean Chandler at the bar? - Yes; this is the receipt that Mr. Chandler gave me for it.(The receipt read by the Clerk of the Court.)
"Received 22d of January 1795, of Mr. John Dunn, the sum of six pounds nine shillings and sixpence, for seven quarters and a half of oats, at seventeen shillings a quarter, for the use of 
               
                  William
                   Catling
               



            . 
               
                  William
                   Chandler
               



            . Witness, L. W. Higginson."
Q. Did you see Mr. Chandler write that? - Yes, it his own hand writing at the bottom.
Mr. Gurney. You never see Pearce in this transaction? - No, I never see him at all.
Prisoner Chandler. I wish to know whether Mr. Dunn did not come to me the Saturday after I sold the corn, and he said, he believed it was stole? I said, I had nothing to do with it, I only acted as a servant.
Mr. Knowlys to Dunning. Where is this warehouse: at Millbank situated? - Next door to the sign of the Ship, on Millbank-row; you go down the gateway to it.
Mr. Gurney. Is there any other in partnership with your master? - No, only his son.
Q. To Mr. Morley. Have you any partner? - My son has nothing to do with that article; he had no interest whatever in that corn.
Prisoner Pearce. I leave it to my consel.
Prisoner Chandler. Catling came to me to know if I would help him with some corn; I went with him to load this corn, and he desired I would wait and receive the money, because he was going another way; he said, he bought the corn at Boston, in Lincolnshire; he said I should not want for victuals and drink, if I would help him, and he would give me for my trouble besides, for helping him with the corn, half a crown; I gave a direction to Mr. Dunn where I lived, and after I had received the money for Catling, I went and paid him at the sign of the Crown, in Holborn; Mr. Dunn, on Saturday, came to me, as I had given the directions where I lived, and after I had received the money for the corn, and he said, he believed the corn was stolen; I told Mr. Dunn I had no business with it, as I was only hired, I knew nothing of it, and that was on Saturday, and on the Thursday after, in the same place, I was taken up on suspicion of being concerned in it.


                  THOMAS
                   HAMSON
               



            , one of the jury was sworn, who knew Chandler forfive and twenty years, in whose house he lodged at the time he was taken up, and who gave him a very honest character, and said he was a slater.
The prisoner also called another witness who gave him a good character.
The prisoner Pearce called three witnesses who gave him a good character.


                  William
                   Pearce
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 34.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
William Chandler, 

               Not. GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
