






415. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     CHAMPNESS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HILL
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of -
                     
                        
                           Samuel Richard 
                           Gunnell
                        




                     
                  , 
                     
                        Ann
                         Crucifix
                     



                  , spinster, and others of his family being therein; about the hour of one in the day, of the 21st of August
, and stealing two silver table spoons, value 20s. two silver fast spoons, value 4s. and a silver tea spoon, value 2s.
             the property of the said Samuel-
               
                  Richard
                   Gunnell
               



            .
SAMUEL-RICHARD GUNNELL sworn. I live in College-street, Westminster


. On the 21st of August, I lost the property in the indictment; my sister was in the house, Miss Crucifix, I can only prove the property.


                  ANN
                   CRUCIFIX
               



             sworn. I live in the house with Mr. Gunnell, as part of his family; there was one servant at home with me; I had been up stairs about one o'clock in the day, on coming down, I heard some glass shake on the side-board, in the front parlour; I then went to examine the parlour and saw a man looking over the rails; there were blinds to the window, and they were open; I went into the parlour and saw a man standing in the parlour; I had never seen him before, but I am sure I should know him again; the prisoner Hill, is the man; I asked him what he wanted there; he said, is the gentleman of the house at home; I asked him what he wanted with the gentleman; I do not recollect that he made me any answer; I turned round to look at the side-board and missed some spoons; I had put the spoons there myself in the morning; two table spoons, and two salt spoons, and the servant had put one tea spoon, which I saw there; the sash was opened, and the man at the rails called to the man in the room, and told him to knock me down.
Q. Was the sash open before, do you know? - A. I rather think it was; I then let him pass me, and I let him out at the street-door.
Q. Then he did not offer any violence to you? - A. No; there was a butcher just by the window; I desired him to stop the man; he was brought back again in about a quarter of an hour; two men were brought back, but I only knew one of them, that was the man that was in the parlour, Hill.
Q. Were they searched? - A. Not in my presence; I saw all the spoons at the Magistrates about a week after
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. (Counsel for Hill.) Q. This man was a perfect stranger to you? - A. Yes.
Q. How long might you have been in the parlour; about a minute perhaps? - A. I should think it must be more.
Q. And from this momentary observation will you venture to swear that he is the man? - A. Yes.


                  HENRY
                   HARRISON
               



            , sworn. - I am a butcher; as I sat in my own counting-house, I saw a man get in at Mr. Gunnell's window.
Q. Had you observed the window before? - A. No; I live facing the end of the street.
Q. What sort of railing was there before the window? - A. A wooden railing; plain at the top, without any spikes; after the man was gone in at the window, I immediately saw Champness cross the street; I have known him many years before; he leaned with his arm upon the rails, while the other got in.
Q. Do you know enough of the room, to say, whether a person standing at the window could see into the room? - A. Yes; all over the room.
Q. Had you seen Champness or the other man, before he got in at the window? - A. I saw Champness (it might be eight or ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before, I believe) with the other man, for there had been an alarm before; in consequence of that, knowing Champness, I looked out, and saw Hill get in at the window, and Champness standing against a wall opposite, belonging to Doctor Swaby; I then ordered my man to go and assist, that my neighbours might not be robbed.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You did not know any thing of Hill before this day? - A. No.
Q. And how long might you have seen him on that day? - A. I never saw him in my life, to my knowledge; I did not see his face then.


                  THOMAS
                   FINCH
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Harrison; I was desired by my master to knock at Mr. Gunnel's door, to prevent their being robbed,but I did not like to do it, because there were two of them; I went down College-street.
Q. Did you know any thing of either of them before? - A. I had seen Hill before, I did not know Champness; he was then standing at the rails; that is the man (pointing to him); Hill came out at the door just as I got to the house, he was in a snuff coloured coat, that is the man; Champness moved from the rails when Hill came out.
Q. How near together did they walk down the street? - A.Within a few yards.
Q. Did they speak to each other? - A. That I cannot say; I followed them; Mr. Wilkinson took hold of Hill.
Q. Did any body take hold of Champness? - A. Yes, Mr. Wilkinson, and let Hill go in consequence of a blow he received from Champness; I took hold of Hill, and held him till I got some assistance, and brought him back to Mr. Gunnell's house; in running after Hill, I left them taking care of Champness; as I was going after Hill, I saw him throw some property away; I was within a few yards of him in Bennet's-yard, going out of Tuston-street; he chucked it over some palings; I did not see what it was that he threw away; I went back to look after the property, and could not find it; in about half an hour, or less, Mrs. Sherry brought some property to Queen-square; I cannot say what it was.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You have told my Lord, that you saw Hill throw away something? - Yes.
Q. Have you always told the same story? - A. Yes, to the best of my knowledge.
Q. What distance was it from the prosecutor's house? - A. About a quarter of a mile, or not so much.
Q. Did you not lose fight of him? - A. Yes, just where he turned the corner.
Q. Did you never tell the officer, that you did not see him throw any thing away? - A. No, I did not.


                  JAMES
                   FALKNER
               



             sworn. - I live in Bennet's yard, about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Gunnell's house; as I sat at dinner, I saw two men run across the window, about one o'clock; as soon as they ran past the window, I heard something drop upon the stones; my wife went out, and I looked out at the window, or the door, I am not certain which, and I saw a spoon lying there, before she could pick it up; it was a table spoon.
Q. She was not out of your fight at all before she brought in? - A. No, she was not; she gave it to me, and I gave it to her again; I looked to the top of the yard, and heard a man cry out, help; I thought it was but a joke; I went up the yard, and met Finch, coming down; he had left the prisoner, Hill, at the top of the yard, with the constable, and asked my wife for the spoon, and gave it to Finch.
Q. Had you taken such notice of the spoon as to say, that the spoon your wife gave you, was the same you had given her? - A. I dare say it was, but I took no particular notice of it.


                  MARY
                   TINGEY
               



             sworn. - I live next door to Mr. Gunnell's; I was coming up College-street, about one o'clock, and saw Champness waiting at the rails before Mr. Gunnell's house; I am certain he is the man; I never saw him before; then I saw Hill come out, and they came down the street together, and past me; I never saw either of them before; I am sure Hill is the same man; as soon as Hill came out, he joined Champness, and they walked down the street together; I saw them afterwards brought back and put into a coach; I am certain they were the same persons.
Mrs. SHERRY sworn. - I am a widow, and carry on the business of a carpenter, in Marsham-street, Westminster; my back door opens into Bennett's-yard; my people knocked at that door to come in after they had dined; I shut the gate immediately, and, as I shut the gate, I saw a man in the yard; he had got over the pales; that was Finch, looking for something; I assisted him in looking, but we could see nothing; I let him out at the door, and, as I returned back again, at the corner of the saw-pit, there was a piece of quartering laid; and between that and the fill of the door, I saw two spoons lay; there is a paling in Bennet's yard on the other side of my yard; I picked up the spoons, and gave them to my son; I sent him with them to Mr. Gunnell's; he is not here, but I shall know the spoons again when I see them.


                  JOHN
                   WILKINSON
               



             sworn. - I am a stone-mason; about one o'clock, on the last day of last month, I saw the two prisoners running, and Finch after them; I laid hold of Hill; as soon as I laid hold of Hill, Champness came up, and gave me a violent blow on the mouth; upon that I was obliged to let him go; as soon as I had recovered myself, I turned round to Champness, and secured him, and delivered him up to a person of the name of Lussman; I then went after Hill again, and took him; while I had hold of him, Finch gave me these two spoons.(Produces a tea spoon and a salt spoon).
Q. Are you sure it was Finch gave you these spoons? - A. I am positive of it; I took Hill to Mr. Gunnell's and from there to Queen-square.
Q.(To Finch). Did you give the last witness the spoons? - A. I cannot say whether I did or not in my slurry; I recollect seeing a small salt spoon under Hill's feet; I believe I picked it up, but I cannot recollect; I had two spoons that the carpenter picked up, and I gave them to him again.

Wilkinson. I am sure that Finch was the man I received them from in Bennet's-yard, near to the pales, I cannot tell to a yard, if I was there; I had Hill in custody at the time.
Mr. Gennell. I came home about one o'clock, just before the prisoners were brought back; they were brought back to my house, and I think five spoons shewn me, I knew them to be mine; Mrs. Sherry has two table-spoons to produce.
Mrs. Sherry. I received them at the Police-office, I am sure they are the same spoons that I found in my yard. (The property was all produced and deposed to by Mr. Gunnell and Miss Crucifix).
Champness's defence. I had been very ill treated by some watermen; I ran away from them, and made down College-street, when these people laid hold of me, and said, I was concerned in robbing the house.
Hill's defence. I was coming through College-street, and saw a number of people, and enquired what was the matter; they told me, there had been a house robbed; when I heard that, I went away about my business, and they followed me, and took me and Champness to Queen-square office.
Champness, GUILTY (Aged 44.)
Hill, GUILTY (Aged 28.)
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not of breaking the dwelling-house
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LE BLANC.
