





393. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TUNSTALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of December
, a pair of pier looking-glasses, value 7l. 7s. and three dimity window-curtains, value 3l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Robins
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Robins
                  



               
            .(The indictment was opened by Mr. Jackson, and the case by Mr. Lockhart).


                  WILLIAM
                   KITELY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am porter to Henry and 
               
                  John
                   Robins
               



            , co-partners and auctioneer

s.
Q. Do you remember on the 21st and 22d of December their selling the goods of 
               
                  Filmer
                   Honeywood
               



            , Esq.? - A. Yes; I was employed by them to get the goods ready for the sale, and to take care of them; they were sold at Mr. Honeywood's, No. 7, Charles-street, Berkeley-square


.
Q. At the time of the sale, and up to the delivery of the goods, who had the custody of the house? - A. I had, as servant of Mr. Robins.
Q. Was any servant of Mr. Honeywood's there at that time? - A. The days of sale there was; but after the sale was over, Mr. Honeywood's servant quitted the house; I had the keys, and deposited them every evening in my master's accompting-house; on the Wednesday, about the 26th or 27th, I left the premises, and fastened the doors and windows myself, I double-locked the door, and took the keys to the accompting-house; I did not go again till Friday the 29th, I found the door then on the single lock, I am sure I left it double locked; when I went on the Friday, I missed a bed that I was going to deliver; upon that, I looked round to examine the house, and I missed another bed, two pier glasses, and three white dimity window-curtains; when I had left the house on Wednesday the curtains were drawn up at the windows, and the glasses were nailed up; the curtains had been forced down, and torn from the laths, and the lines cut.
Q. Whose property had the pier glasses been? - A. Mr. Robins's.
Q. Whose property had the curtains been? - A. Mr. Honeywood's; the curtains had been sold at the sale to a gentleman; I do not know who it was.
Q. Had the glasses been sold? - A. No, they had not.
Q. Let who will have bought the curtains, had they been left with other things in the custody of Mr. Robins? - A. Yes; upon missing these things I locked the door, and came down to acquaint my master of it; I have seen the things since, and should know them again.


                  RICHARD
                   REEVES
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Lockhart. I am a carver and gilder, No.27, Drury-lane.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes; about four or five years ago he bought a small quantity of glasses of me: On the 30th of December, the porter of 
               
                  George
                   Tunstall
               



            , of the name of John, brought me a pair of frames of pier glasses, saying they were to be re-gilt, he said he had brought them from Mr. Tunstall; I asked him which Tunstall; and he said, George Tunstall; he said, the frames were to be new gilt, but they were not to be put in hand till his master called; about three hours after the prisoner called respecting these frames, about four o'clock in the afternoon; he said, he had called about gilding these frames; I shewed him the frames.
Q. Were they the same frames which the porter had brought? - A. Yes; I told him the frames were hardly worth gilding, because they were old, and the pattern old-fashioned, and he had betterhave new frames; he then desired me to go to his house and look at the plates, the plates of glass belonging to the frames, I was to look at the glasses; there was a fault in one of them, from the quicksilver being rubbed off it. I saw the porter again, he took up these plates standing behind some furniture, at the prisoner's house.
Q. What did you do with them? - A. One plate I received from the prisoner, the other plate he brought himself; I had them both.
Q. Did you make any alteration in them at all? - A. I put the frames to them, I did nothing to the glasses, they remained just as they were.
Q. From any thing that you had heard, did you know any thing respecting these frames? A. I suspected the prisoner, and immediately applied to Messrs. Robins, and I was informed that they had lost some property, different glasses, -
Q. Did you shew them this property? - A. I desired them immediately to go to my house, and I would shew them the glasses I had in my possession.
Q. Did you afterwards see Tunstall? - A. I saw Tunstall the same evening, he called at my house, and he asked me about those glasses, the attorney was with him; I told them the circumstance, that Mr. Robins had claimed the glasses.
Q. Did Tunstall make any reply to you? - A. He said he had bought the glasses in Bedfordbury.
Q. Did he say of whom he bought them? - A. He did not; he said he would immediately go to Messrs. Robins, from my house, from whom the glasses had been stolen.
Q. Did he tell you what he would do when he found Messrs. Robins? - A. I cannot recollect any thing that he said particularly.
Q. Do you you recollect what day of the month it was when you saw the prisoner in company with his attorney? - A. I think it was the Wednesday following the 3d or 4th of January, it was the same day the search-warrant was granted; I think it was either Wednesday or Thursday, but I am sure it was in the middle of the week.
Q. Did you see the search-warrant executed? - A. Yes; I was in company with Mr. Robins and the officer.
Q. Was any thing more found upon the prisoner which was the property of Messrs. Robins? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. How far did you live from the prisoner? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Not many yards.
Q. When the porter came to you, he made no secret of his master's name? - A. No; he said it was 
               
                  George
                   Tunstall
               



            , and he told me the house where he lived.
Q. It was intended at first that those old frames should be gilded? - A. It was.
Q. And he desired you not to do it till his master came? - A. Yes.
Q. And for fear you should not know the glasses again, he pointed out the slaws that was in them? - A. He desired me to go to his house to observe this mark, and he desired me to make a new pair of frames for them of the pattern he had seen.
Q. A report had gone about that some things of Messrs. Robins were stolen two or three days before the search-warrant was executed? - A. I don't know that particularly; the same day I was informed of it, I told Mr. Robins, and the search-warrant was executed that very day in the afternoon; the frames of the glasses were at my house.
Q. Then he did not attempt to get them back from you? - A. I had orders not to let them go.
Q. Did he attempt to get them back? - A. No, he did not.


                  HENRY
                   ROBINS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Jackson. I am an auctioneer, my partner's name is 
               
                  John
                   Robins
               



            : It was upon the 20th or 21st of December, I sold the furniture and effects of Mr. Honeywood.
Q. At the time of the sale, were the goods laid in the indictment, the glasses, and three pair of curtains, in the sale? - A. Yes; the glasses were the property of Mr. Honeymood, the curtains the property of other persons; the curtains were bought by a Mr. Clarkson.
Had the pier glasses, or curtains, been sold? - A. The curtains had been sold, with other things, to Mr. Clarkson, but the glasses had not. Mr. Clarkson desired me to take care of them, and he would fetch them away when convenient.
Q. Did Mr. Clarkson pay for them? - A. We did not charge them in his account as they were lost.
Q. You had been told by Kitely that the things were stolen? - A. I had; when we discovered the property had been lost, I went to Bow-street to take advice what was best to be done.
Court. Q. When was that? - A. I believe it was on the Friday or Saturday morning. I published a hand-bill, describing the property.
Q. Did you advertise the prisoner, or give any description of him? - A. No, only the property; we did not suspect any particular person at that time. A few days after that, the last witness, Mr. Reeves, called at my house, and described the property he had in his possession; I went to Mr. Reeves's house myself, together with my brother, and he shewed us the glasses; I was very positive to the frames, but the glasses I was not. I enquired of Mr. Reeves who he had received these glasses from; I then went to Bow-street and took out a search-warrant, and we then went to the prisoner's house.
Q. What happened when you got there - was the prisoner in the way? - A. No, he was not; there was a woman that called herself Mrs. Tunstall; I enquired for Mr. Tunstall, and they told me he was not at home; before I went up stairs, I discovered some dimity upon a bed in the shop, which I immediately suspected to be part of the curtains.
Q. Why did you suspect it? - A. Being the same dimity, and having made the curtains.
Q. Was it in the state of curtains, or bed-furniture? - A. It appeared as if intended for bed-furniture, the top part of the curtain had been cut off so as to make valance for a bed. The officer took the property away, it has been in my possession ever since, I cannot tell the exact quantity. I asked Mrs. Tunstall where Mr. Tunstall was; she said, he was not in the way, but he should call upon me.
Mr. Jackson. Q. Did Mr. Tunstall call upon you? - A. I never saw him till I saw him at Bow-street, about the 16th of May.
Q. After you had left Tunstall's house, and had taken away the dimity furniture, what step did you next take? - A. I waited a day or two before I took any other step, thinking Tunstall would call upon me, according to the promise made by his wife; he not coming forward, I was advised to advertise him, and offer a reward for his apprehension, which accordingly I did.
Q. Did that advertisement contain his personal description? - A. It did; we described his person as well as we could. (The advertisement produced.)
Q. After this advertisement of the 10th of January, what steps did you take? - A. I of course ordered the officer to watch him; I went there repeatedly, and walked up and down before his house, and never could see him; I also made enquiries among the neighbours, but could not gain any intelligence; I continued that vigilance up to the time he was apprehended, which was on the 16th of May.
Mr. Alley. Q. I understand the dimity was on a bed in the shop? - A. Yes; and I believe there was a woman at work upon it. (The property produced.)
Reeves. This is the property I got from the prisoner.
Mr. Robins. That is my property.
Kitely. That is the property I missed out of Mr. Honeywood's house.
Q. (To Robins.) Is that the property you found laying on the bed in the prisoner's shop? - A. It is; it is my property.
Mr. Alley. Q. (To Mr. Robins.) I understand, Mr. Robins, that those curtains which you now undertake to swear to be your's, are not in the state they were formerly? - A. They are not; they were festoon curtains.
Q. Do you undertake to swear that those are your curtains? - A. Yes, I do; I made those curtains originally, they were a drawing-room suit of furniture; the chairs and sopha were sold to a gentleman I know, and I sent and borrowed a cover of the chairs, and it is the same dimity.
Q. Upon your oath, have you any difficulty in knowing that it is your property? - A. Not in the least.
Mr. Lockhart. Q. (To Kitely.) Did you ever see this dimity before? - A. To the best of my knowledge I saw it in window-curtains at Mr. Honeywood's; I really believe it is the same dimity.


                  JOHN
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Lockhart. Q. Did you carry any pier glasses to Mr. Reeves, the gilder, from the prisoner? - A. Yes, I did.
Q. Do you recollect when that was? - A. I cannot tell the exact day; it was drawing to the latter end of December, it might be about the 27th or 28th; I did not take any notice of the frames.
Q. Do you know where your master was about the 12th of January? - A. I saw my master several times in January, at different places, but I don't know where he was upon the 12th; I believe he was in Bishopsgate church-yard the 15th or 16th of January.
Q. What was he doing there? - A. I went for the purpose of doing some business about a chest of drawers, which he thought he could fell to a friend.
Q. Do you know where he was the 17th, 18th, 19th, and 20th of January? - A. Several times I saw him in Great Queen-street, Drury-lane; I met him there upon some business.
Q. From the 12th of January to the latter end of January, did you see him in his own shop? - A. He has let me in on a morning; I have seen him twice in his shop in the middle of the day; soon after one o'clock, he was in the yard, and came out of the yard into the shop; I conducted his business from the 12th of January to the end; he was a good deal in the country, in order to seek after the men from whom he had bought the glasses; he might be gone about eighteen or nineteen days.
Q. Now, where was he all February? - A. In February I saw him.
Q. Where did he live? - A. He lived in Featherstone-street; but he came home, or near home, and sent to me every day.
Q. Do you know whether he was all the month of February looking after these men he had bought the glasses of? - A. I don't know where he was all the month; the fact was, he was not willing to come forward, till he could find the men, in order to clear himself. I was not with him all the month of March, but I saw him seven or eight times;he was at his own house about the 13th or 14th of March, and let me in; it was in the morning, about six o'clock, a little after six; he had not discovered the men at that time.
Q. In the month of April, did you see him? - A. I saw him every evening in Newton-street.
Q. Did you ever see him in his shop during that month? - A. I saw him one Sunday.
Q. You never saw him in the open day? - A. Never, but once or twice.
Q. His shop is an open shop? - A. Yes.
I believe it is the custom of brokers to walk to and fro before the shop? - A. Some do, and some do not; it is the custom in Castle-street, but my master never did it in his life.
Cross-examined by Mr. knowlys. Q I believe, in point of fact, those gentlemen called you forwards as a witness at Bow-street? - A. Yes; and bound me over to attend here as a witness.
Q. What questions did they ask you there? - A. They asked me of whom my master bought these glasses; I told them he bought them of two men, who came up to the shop, and asked him if he wanted to buy a pair of glasses; they said they came from Bedfordbury; my master told them if they brought the glasses he would look at them, and if he liked them he would buy them.
Q. Did your master agree to buy them? - A. Yes; he gave ten guineas for them.
Q. Did you tell this at Bow-street? - A. Yes, I did; I saw the money paid upon the hob of a stove; I went to Bedfordbury.
Q. Now I ask you, upon your oath, has not your master taken great pains to discover those persons he bought those glasses of? - A. I am sure he has; he gave me directions to look after these people.
Q. How long were those glasses exposed in the open shop for sale, before they were sent to Reeves's? - A. They were a day or two in the shop, till I took them to Reeves's.
Mr. Lockhart. Q. Where did the glasses stand? - A. The glasses stood up upon the first pair of stairs.
Q. Did they stand before or behind any thing? - A. They stood behind a frame, where all the glasses stood.
Q. Was it dark when he bought the glasses of the two men? - A. No. it was drawing towards dark; I never saw the two men before.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did your master ask where they had got them from? - A. Yes; they told him they were to be sold for rent for their landlord, and they were at Bedfordbury, the other side of Covent Garden.
Q. Did you observe the number? - A. No; it is pretty near the Scotch Arms.
Q. Did you go into the house? - A. No, I did not; the men brought the glasses, and my master gave ten guineas for them; I should not have given so much for them.
Q. Look at those glasses - upon your oath, did you ever know a broker give ten guineas for such glasses before? - A. If they were as good a pair as these, I have known them sold at a sale to a broker to sell again, and I think he would get a profit upon them.
Q. How much? - A. According to the customer; we would willingly get a guinea by them.
Q. Do you think you could sell them for eleven guineas? - A. With a little repair. I went to Bedfordbury afterwards, in search of the men, but the house was shut up.
Q. Did you ever go to Messrs. Robins, and tell them where your master got those glasses? - A. Yes; that very night the search-warrant was granted, I saw Mr. John Robins and his brother at Mr. Reeves's house.
Mr. Lockhart. Q. (To Mr. Robins.) In your opinion, what would a broker give for such a pair of glasses? - A. No broker would give above seven guineas for them.
Mr. Knowlys. Q (To Mr. Robins) Do you mean to say, that glasses of that size have not been sold for twelve guineas? - A. I do.
Q. Will you swear that glasses of that size have not been sold for twelve guineas? - A. I mean to swear they never were worth twelve guineas; I don't think they would fetch ten guineas; I should have been very glad to have sold them for eight.
Q. (To Reeves.) Do you not think they would have sold for twelve guineas? - A. They must have been sold for more than they were worth then.
Court. Q. In the state they were sent to you by the prisoner, what would you have given for them? - A. I would not have given above six guineas for them.
Court. Q. What would a broker have given fo them? - A. Six or seven guineas.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called ten witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 48.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
