





348. 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     HONING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of April
, an iron padlock, value 10d. a pair of children's leather shoes, value 12d. two linen towels, value 6d. a case knife, value 6d. two case forks, value 6d. a pound of salted pork, value 6d. and a diaper clout, value 4d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Clark
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   CLARK
               



             sworn.
I live in the Cloisters, in the Precinct of St. Catherine's


; the prisoner was our servant
; I can only prove the property of the lock, Mrs. Clark proves the rest.


                  MARY
                   CLARK
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of the last witness; on the 25th April, the prisoner was going to leave my house, I asked her leave to look into her box; she went up stairs immediately and unlocked the box; when the box was opened, I found the several articles that are mentioned in the indictment in her box, of my property; and, on searching her person, I found a padlock concealed, sewed up, in a white towel, under her upper petticoat; the towel was mine, it was marked C. No. 4; and the padlock was our's; I asked her if they were mine, and she said, yes, ma'am, they are.
Q. Did you make any promises to her, or threats to induce her to confess? - A. I did not, she said they were mine; I should have let her go, but finding the padlock upon her, I kept her till I sent for Mr. Clark.
Q. Why because of the padlock? - A. Because in the night of the 11th of April, some thieves had got into the house, and stolen out some property, she lived with us at that time; I knew nothing of the robbery till the morning she came up first and alarmed me; there were four hams, and two sides of bacon, which they got off with.
Q. Why did this lead you to keep her till Mr. Clark came? - A. Because this padlock fastened down the cellar window, at which she said the thieves entered; we had searched for the padlock that morning, and she was one that helped me and my friends to look for it, and we never found it; I am sure that the things that were found upon her are mine, (they were produced and deposed to by Mr. and Mrs. Clark).
Mr. Clark. I was out of town at the time ofthe burglary, and when I came to town, I made every search for the padlock, and she knew I was very anxious to find it, because I was confident that lock could not have been picked, it is of a very peculiar construction; I am sure it is mine, and I have the key belonging to it, (produces it).


                  JOHN
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am a headborough; I apprehended the prisoner, and was present when the things were taken out of her box.
Prisoner's defence. My mistress's house was broke open when I was a-bed and a-sleep; the day before I was coming away, I found this padlock, and was afraid to give it to my mistress, because she scolds so very much, that I was afraid; and she said, if I would confess who had got the bacon and ham, she would not hurt me. 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 49.)
The Court immediately passed sentence upon her to be 


               transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
