






168. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GROVES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BAMBER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of January
, a cotton bed-gown, value 5s. a coloured cotton gown, value 20s. a white gown, value 20s. a white muslin gown, value 20s. a japan white muslin gown, value 40s. a blue silk gown, value 40s. a night-gown, value 2s. a pair of sheets, value 10s. a white petticoat, value 10s. a striped dimity petticoat, value 5s. two under petticoats, value 6s. a muslin petticoat, value 5s. another muslin petticoat, value 5s. three neck handkerchiefs, value 3s. and a pocket handkerchief, value 12d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Perfect
                  




               
            .
The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.
HENRIETTA PERFECT sworn. - I am the wife of Dr.


                  William
                   Perfect
               



            , of Town Malling; I came to town in a chaise on Wednesday morning, the 23d of January, with two portmanteaus before the chaise; they were quite safe when we got to my lodgings, No. 91, in the Strand


, about a quarter before eight o'clock.
Q. As you came through the streets of London, did you observe any thing that drew your attention? - A. Yes, three persons standing together near St. Dunstan's church; two of them were like the two persons at the bar; one of them I know is the same; I did not see the face of the other; they were crossing the chaise, and when we went fast they went fast, when we went slow they went slow; when I got to my lodgings there was a great light, and I could distinctly see the face of Bamber; the chaise went past the door, I pulled down the window to call to the postillion, and while I was doing so, the prisoner came back very near the chaise, to my side, as if to hear what I said.
Q. Did you observe what had become of the other two men? - A. No, I cannot say I did.
Court. Q. After you had got to your lodgings, did you see any more besides Bamber? - A. Yes, five or six of the same description.
Q. Did you observe whether the trunk was safe when you got out of the carriage? - A.Perfectly; my house-maid was with me, of the name of 
               
                  Jane
                   Kidwell
               



            ; I left two of them in the chaise to watch the trunks; she only stood up to give the parcels out, when the trunk was gone.
Court. Q. Had you gone into your house when you heard the alarm? - A. Yes, I had just got up stairs.
Q. Did you give any intelligence to Bow-street of what had happened? - A. Yes, and the next morning I was sent for to Bow-street, and there I saw two parts in three of the things I had lost.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. (For Groves). Q. It was nearly dark when this happened? - A. It was not dark.
Q. As to Groves, you merely say you cannot undertake to swear that he was one of them? - A. I cannot.
Prisoner Bamber. Q. I beg of the lady to look at me again, and see if you are positive I am the person? - A. I am sure he is the person.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. How was he dressed? - A. He had a blue apron on, like a butcher's servant.
JANE KIDWELL sworn. - I was in the chaise with Mrs. Perfect; I saw three men crossing backwards and forwards as we came through Fleet-street, but could not distinguish the faces of any of them.
Q. How were you engaged when you first missed the trunk? - A. I was giving some parcels out of the chaise; I turned my head, and as I got out of the chaise, I missed the trunk.
Q. Did you see the things the next morning at Bow-street? - A. No.
WILLIAM EDWARDS sworn. - I am an officer:Between five and six o'clock in the evening, within a very short time after the robbery was committed, in consequence of an information, I and my brother officers went in quest of the trunk, to No. 7, Bowl-yard, St. Giles's; we had not been many minutes in the house, before the two prisoners came in; I seized Groves standing behind the door upon this bundle; immediately upon my seizing him, I took him by the collar, and stooped to lay hold of the bundle, and pulled it from under him, and he was very near being down, but I held him up, and he gave me a violent blow, which made my mouth and lip bleed, and loosened one of my teeth; immediately he had done that, he hoped and prayed I would not hurt him.
Q. Before he made use of that expression, that he hoped you would not hurt him, bad you opened the bundle? - A. No, I had not; I did not know who it was till I brought him into the light, and then we discovered it to be the prisoner Groves; I did not take the other prisoner; Limbrick secured him; I locked up the bundle in a place in the house, and took the key with me.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. It was dark at this time? - A. Yes.
Q. This is a lodging-house? - A. It is a house with lodgers in it.
Q. There was no light in this place? - A. No.
Q. Do you know who the lodgers in the house are? - A. No.
Q. You found nobody in the passage, except Groves? - A. I found only him.
Q. But there were other persons found there? - A. Yes, Bamber was found there, but not by me.
Q. You not knowing who he was, and he not knowing who you was, he gave you a tap in the face? - A. He gave me a punch in the mouth.
Q. Did you search Groves when he was taken into custody? - A. No.
Q. If you had gone into the house, you might have fell upon this bundle? - A. I should not have been found in such a house with a bundle.


                  JAMES
                   LIMBRICK
               



             sworn. - I went with Edwards to No. 7, Bowl-yard, upon an information that we had received, and after searching the house, I stood behind the street door; Bamber was the first that came in, and I took him in custody; I called out for assistance, and he was secured; I was then come out of the house, and stumbled over this bundle lying before the door in the kennel, just off the foot pavement. (Produces it.)
Q. What induced you to go out of the house? - A. To watch about the door, as we expected more in.
Q. When you had secured Bamber, did he say any thing? - A. No.
Q. How long did you keep him at this house before you took him away in custody? - A.About an hour.
Q. Did any other persons come? - A.Several more, and we took them into custody, the same as we did the two prisoners.
Q. What was done with them? - A. Some were discharged, and some are in custody now.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You did not see either of the two prisoners bring any thing in? - A. No.
Q.Therefore, for any thing you know, it might have been brought in by one of the men who is discharged? - A. I cannot say; several people came in, but we had searched the passage before they came in, and there was nothing there then.
Q. Did you search it yourself? - A. No.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Was it searched in your presence? - A. Yes.
Mr. Alley. Q. Will you undertake to swear that any of the articles in question were found in that house till after some other persons had come into the house, besides the two prisoners? - A. No.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Several persons had come in, and the passage was searched after they came in, and there was nothing found then? - A. Yes.


                  HENRY
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am an officer of Bow-street; I went with my brother officers to this house in Bowl-yard, about a quarter past six; after we had been in the house about five minutes, I heard a scuffle in the passage, and one of the other officers called out for help; I then went and took Bamber out of the hands of Limbrick into the back parlour; I was then coming into the passage again; and I met Edwards and Groves, as he was bringing him into the passage; Edwards set him down in a chair, and then went into the passage for the bundle; we examined the bundle, and found, from the description that had been given, that they were part of the property that we were after; I searched Bamber, and found several little articles that did not belong to the lady.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You did not find any thing upon Groves? - A. No; but I can positively say that I was in the passage with a light, not a quarter of an hour before, and there was nothing in the passage.
Q. You were not the first person that apprehended one of the prisoners? - A. No.
Q.Therefore, that person would be more likely to know who came in first? - A. Yes.
Q.Several persons had come in before the two prisoners? - A. No, only a man with a crane.
Q. Then he might have taken the bundles there? - A. No, he was secured before; we searched the passage, and we put the crane up against the doorwhere this bundle was found; it was an hour afterwards that the other people came in.(The two bundles were produced, and the property deposed to by Mrs. Perfect; the property was also deposed to by 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Longhurst
               



            ).
Groves's defence. I was going by this place in Bowl-yard; there is a blacksmith's shop underneath; I had asked him in the day time to mend an old sender for me, and he desired me to call in the evening, which I did; and when I called in the evening, I was laid hold of by these gentlemen.
Bamber's defence. I went into this shop, knowing it to be an iron shop, I wanted a key for a padlock; I knocked at the shop door two or three times; finding nobody answered, I went to the side door, and when I got into the passage, I met a parcel of men coming out; I stepped back, to let them come out, and they laid hold of me; I am innocent of it; I told the gentleman that laid hold of me, the same, that I was going to buy a key.
Q.(To Limbrick). Did Bamber say he wanted to buy a key? - A. No such thing; he did not say any thing.
Groves, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 21.)
Bamber, GUILTY (Aged 17.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
