





90. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NEWTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of December
, eight sheets of copper, containing 49lbs. weight, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Crombie
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Longbottom
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Ward.


                  JAMES
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Ward. I am foreman to Messrs. 
               
                  David
                   Crombie
               



            , and 
               
                  Joseph
                   Longbottom
               



            : On the 20th of December, I received into our warehouse, 200 sheets of new copper; I locked up the warehouse between six and seven o'clock, with all the copper safe in it; about ten o'clock at night, I was called up by the watchman, I went to the watch-house first, and then I went to the accompting-house and examined it, and found the box of the lock broke off, and sixteen sheets of copper gone.
JOHN VINCENT sworn. - Examined by Mr. Ward. I am a watchman of Ratcliff; on the evening of the 20th of December last, I apprehended the prisoner about ten o'clock, coming up some steps from a yard adjoining to Messrs. Crombie's dock; I asked him what he had got there, he said he hadgot a few pieces of copper; I asked him where he had got them, he said, he had got them on board a ship in the dock; I desired him to put it down, and let me see what it was, he laid it down in the street, and I stopped him and the copper, and with another watchman, took him to the watch-house.
ABRAHAM FORRELL sworn. - I received this copper from the last witness, I have had it ever since.
Did you promise him any favour if he confessed? - A. No, I did not.
Q.Nor threatened him? - A. No; he said he had taken it from a ship in the dock; I went down to examine the premises, and found them broke open; I went back, and asked him, how he came to do it, he said, he did it through need, he said, he was the person, and he alone that did it. (The copper produced).
Taylor. This is our copper, there is 22 marked at the corner of each sheet, all the 200 are marked 22.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
