






139 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SULLY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAILEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of December
, three printed cotton frocks, value 12 s. a linen handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Taylor
                  




               
            , spinster
.
FRANCES TAYLOR sworn.
I am a single woman, I keep a house in Swine's-lane, Highgate


, I am a laundress
, I lost the things in the indictment off a hedge outside the door; I put them on the hedge Saturday was a week about half after three; the hedge was in a field opposite the door, about five yards or notso much; I did not see the prisoner take them, I missed them about half an hour after they were taken; I saw them again on the Monday in the forenoon between twelve and one; I saw them at Hatton-garden, at the Police office; they were things I had taken into wash, the frocks were very remarkable, and I had them before, there was no name on them, but I can swear to them by the prints; the linen handkerchief was my own, there was a particular hole in one corner, where it had been burnt; I saw the prisoners before the magistrate, when I saw my things, but I knew nothing of the prisoners.


                  JOHN
                   MILLS
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer, I was working in the fields below, spreading of dung, and I saw these two men in about threescore yards of the hedge, where the things were hanging; I saw them come down the hill both running together from the hedge, after that they came down the hill, I wondered what was the matter, they jumped quite both over the hedge, and made their escape as fast as possible.
Q. Did they endeavour to avoid you? - They did, or they would have kept the path; soon afterwards seeing these two men come down the hill, I thought there was something the matter, there came a young man running to me, and called me by my name, and asked me if I saw any thing, I pursued after them, and I gained one of them, 
               
                  William
                   Sully
               



            , just before he came to Battle-bridge, the other escaped, I laid hold of his collar and told him, he had been robbing the woman of this property, he said, he had not, I told him, he had or knew who had, says he, if you will not hurt me, I will help you to your property again, I don't know, but I will try, if you will go up along with me to Saffron-hill, and then he said, I will send for people that should help me to it, I had heard it was a place that had got a very bad character, I did not like to go alone by myself; then afterwards he sent for a woman, that is called his wife, she came into the office where he was. When I took hold of him, I took him to the office at Hatton-garden, with that, he asked leave to enquire for his wife, but we could not find her.
Q. Did you ever find any thing by his directions? - No, I did not, one of the runners took the other man Bailey, and the property; the Monday after the runners had taken Bailey, he sware a large oath, and said, I wish you had been at the taking of me, I would have stuck a knife into your bloody entrails, this he said when he was at the lock up room backwards at Hatton-garden.
- EWER sworn.
I am a constable, belonging to the Police-office, Hatton-garden, I am the man that took the other, Bailey; I know no more than taking the property and the man, on Saturday the 29th of December, the day the property was lost, I had an information of the robbery, I went to the apartments of Bailey, I was conducted by a girl that keeps company with him, there I saw a bundle, he owned it was his apartment before the magistrate, that examination was taken in writing, I have got the articles, three frocks and a check apron, I did not see them any where else.


                  ANN
                   PRITCHARD
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you know Bailey's apartments? - I do.
Q. Did you ever see these things in the apartments of Bailey? - Yes, they were in the apartment, but I did not know what they were, the bundle was not opened, the bundle was tied up in this cloth as it is now.
Q. Where are his apartments? - They are in Blue-court, Saffron-hill.
Q. How long had he been there before the bundle was there? - He hadnot been there a little better than a week.
Q. Do you know Mr. Ewer the constable? - No.
Q. Did you tell any body whose lodgings they were? - They were John Balley's and mine, he and I took the room together, I had not been with him a fortnight.
Q. Had you any quarrel with Bailey that you told about these things? - The other man was taken coming home, and the other said, where Bailey and I lived, and the other young woman that lived with Sully went down to him, and they came up to me.
Court to Wood. Did you take the things out of the apartment that this young woman has described? - I did, she conducted me up stairs to the room, the woman that came to Sully was in custody with him, and it was by threatening of her, that I found out where they were. (The things produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner Sully. I never saw the property till I saw it at the office Hatton-garden.
Prisoner Bailey. I picked up this bundle in Green-lane, but I did not know woat it was, nor never opened it at all.
Ewer. I found Bailey in the lodgings, and the bed let down, and he concealed under the bed.
Jury to Mills. When you saw the men running down the hill, and jump over the hedge, did you observe them to have any thing in their hands? They had, and it was wrapped up in a blue apron, Bailey had it.


                  William
                   Sully
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)


                  John
                   Bailey
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
