






104. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     LANY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of January
, ten pair of silk hose, value 15 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Clarke
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I live in King-street, St. Ann's, Soho


; I am a silk dyer
 and callico glazier
. On the 18th of January I lost ten pair of silk stockings out of my shop, sometime in the afternoon.


                  ELEANOR
                   LOVE
               



             sworn.
I am shop woman to Mr. Clarke. On the 18th of January there was ten pair of stockings lost, 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Lany
               



             came in for a spotted sattin cloak that came to be dyed last October; she came in between seven and eight o'clock in the evening; she came for it in the name of Thompson; I looked for it some time and I could not find it, and I asked her if there was any other name that she thought she might leave it in; she told me, Lany; I looked for it and I could not find it; she then went away and she told me she would call again; I knew the stockings to be in the window some few minutes before she came in.
Q. Where was you looking for this cloak? - In that room.
Q. Was there any body else in the shop? - Nobody but me and 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Lany
               



            ; these stockings were within a yard of the door or thereabouts.
Q. How soon did you miss them after she was gone? - Not till two days after; she came on Friday and I never missed them till Sunday about three o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. How do you keep your shop door? - Generally shut; I always attend the shop myself.
Q. You go to Dinner sometimes, who attends the shop when you are out of it? - There is three or four occasionally attend the shop and my master; they are not here, only my master.


                  DAVID
                   GORDON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I live at No. 134, St. Martin's-lane. January 18, Friday evening about eight o'clock, or it might be past eight, the prisoner at the bar came to my shop with these six pair of silk stockings, she asked a guinea; she said they belonged to Mrs. Thompson in St. James's-street; that Mrs. Thompson was a customer of mine and had a great many things in my house; I told her I could not take them of her, but to go back to Mrs. Thompson and bring me a letter and one of my tickets, that I might know who Mrs. Thompson was, and I would lend her a guinea; she came the Monday following about the middle of the day, and she brought a very decent looking man with her, who said, his name was 
               
                  William
                   Stevenson
               



            , that he was a clerk in St. Ann's parish, that he knew the prisoner for many years, and that I was very safe in taking the stockings of her, that they were her own property, that she had lived four years with the old Duke of Northumberland. I have seen Stevenson since and brought him to Mr. Clarke's house; he said he lived at No. 15, Grafton-street, Soho; so he did; I asked her how she came to tell me they belonged to Mrs. Thompson; she said, because she was a poor woman, and she thought I might not take them of her; so through the recommendation of the man I bought them of her, and gave her 30 s. for them; in the course of the afternoon I went out and I went down to Westminster, to the house where she lived, and the man gave her a very bad character; through that I went in search of her and took her up, and I said to her, how could you bring me stolen goods;she said, she found them in New Bond-street; I asked her for the money that I had lent her on them; she said, she had but 9 s. 6 d. left, and wanted me to take the 9 s. 6 d. and let her pawn them for the rest of the money. I advertised the stockings, and through that Mr. Clarke heard of it. I am sure these are the stockings I took of that woman; they are all marked with the letter C, in the foot.
Prisoner. I did not wish to sell them at all without his desire, I left them from Monday till Tuesday three o'clock in the afternoon.


                  EDWARD
                   GILL
               



             sworn.
I am a stocking trimmer and dyer, I cleaned the whole ten pair of silk stockings for 
               
                  Thomas
                   Clarke
               



            , he is my employer, these six pair are part of the ten pair which I cleaned, I returned them to Mr. 
               
                  Clarke
                   Thursday
               



            , the 17th of January. (The stockings deposed to by Mr. Clarke.)
Prisoner. On the 18th which was Friday, I was coming down New Bond-street, I had been to enquire for work, I stumbled on something folded up in a bit of white paper, I kicked it before my feet, I picked it up and I took it to a great butter shop in St. Martin's-lane, for to beg a bit of clean paper to wrap it in, I then saw what it was, I went immediately to Mr. Gordon's. he seeing me a poor woman, rather disputed them to be my own, and I told him I had lived at the Duke of Northumberland's a great many years, he said, that would not do, I must bring somebody or other that could speak in my behalf, I declined to go till Tuesday, when I took this person; when Mr. Gordon said, he had no reason to dispute my honesty, but I had better sell them; I asked him what he would give me a pair; said I, one pair with another they cannot be dear at 6 s. he made answer and said, I will give you 5 s. and as that gentleman that is here can vindicate your character here is a guinea and a half, and you must give me 18 d. says I, I have not a 6 d. in the world, with that, he made a receipt and paid me, and when I got home, Mr. Gordon came to my apartments telling me that he did not like his bargain, and that he did not know whether I came honestly by them or not, therefore he desired me to deliver up the money; I told him I have not so much as I got of you; I told him I had bought a pair of shoes with part of the money; then says he, hand over the shoes, and he put my new shoes in his pocket, and when I came to the Duke of Northumberland's to ask for Mr. Anderson, the steward who knew me, was gone out about a quarter of an hour; Mr. Gordon was then with me, and insisted on my giving him what money I had, which was 9 s. 6 d. he then took me to the watch house, and I stayed there till the next day; I have no witness but God and myself.
Court to Clark. What is the value of these things? - I wish to make it 5 s. for the whole.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 4 s. 6 d
            . (Aged 38.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
