





481. 
               
                  
                     MARTIN 
                     LEONARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of May
, one hundred and twenty copper halfpence, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Potts
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   POTTS
               



             sworn.
I keep a public house
 at the New Road, Mary-le-bone


. I lost some halfpence on the 5th of May: the prisoner came to my house.


                  HANNAH
                   POOLEY
               



             sworn.
I was servant to the prosecutor: I saw the prisoner at my master's bar; he called for a gallon of beer; I was to take it over the way; he said he was foreman to the buildings there; he said he wanted five shillings worth of halfpence; I carried the beer and the halfpence; and he met me in the road; he told my mistress he would send a guinea to change; he said, you stand here with the beer, and I will go and take the halfpence; and he took them, and put them into his pocket; and he would send a man with a guinea for the beer; he went through the buildings into the fields: my master ran after him, and took him; and he had the halfpence upon him; he begged for mercy.
Prisoner. The mistress gave me the halfpence? - No, she did not; she gave them to me, and I gave them to you.



                  GEORGE
                   PHILLIPS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of Mary-le-bone. I took the prisoner before a magistrate; I saw the halfpence taken out of his pocket; there were five shillings and a halfpenny; I have them here.
Court to Prosecutor. Was there any mark upon the halfpence? - No: I pursued the prisoner, and took him to Mary-le-bone watch-house; I saw them half-pence taken from him at Litchfield-street.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming down Mary-le-bone, and met a man who owed me some money; and he said if he could get change, he would pay me fifteen shillings; and I went to this house; I knew the man's wife; and she said she could let me have a crown, if that was of any service; and I went out and met the man; and he said, I will give you a gallon of beer: and I was not got a dozen yards from the house, when Mr. Potts came up to me, and said I had got some of his halfpence; he said he would hang me; he is jealous of his wife; I did not deny having the halfpence.
Prosecutor. I never saw the man before: it is a false story.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
