






306. 
               
                  
                     OWEN 
                     M'CARTHY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of July
, a feather-bed, value 5 s. one pillow, value 12 d. two blankets, value 2 s. and a pair of linen trowsers, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Wilson
                  




               
            .


                  ANDREW
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I am a Dane; I am a sailor
; I lost the things in the indictment, last Wednesday week, from a house, Mr. Westerlin's, where I lodged; it was my own bed and bedding; I saw them there when I went out, between eleven and twelve; they sent for me, and the man was taken; I carried them between ten and eleven, and put them in the back-room of the ground floor.


                  JANE
                   FULLER
               



             sworn.
I was in my own house; the prisoner took the bag from out of the window; the prisoner was outside; the back of the house looks into Russell's Buildings: I asked him if that bag was his; he said, yes, it was; I said, are you sure it is; he said, yes; I sent over my daughter to ask, and they took him.


                  THOMAS
                   LEADER
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner, the bottom of Russel's Buildings; he had this bag.
(The blankets deposed to, two being sewed together.)
Prosecutor. I know this old sea jacket.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been working a ship out; a man met with me in the street, in a sailor's dress, and he asked me to carry that for him, for he was afraid of the press-gang; these people followed me, and said I had stole it; all the neighbours cried out, shame!
Fuller. I am sure that the prisoner was the man I saw taking the things out of the window.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
