





341. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     INGRAM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Moore
                        




                     
                   on the king's highway, on the 8th day of March
 last, and putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one linen handkerchief, value 12 d. one leather glove, value 2 d. one half guinea, and nine shillings and six-pence in monies numbered, his property
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   MOORE
               



             sworn.
I was robbed about twenty minutes before nine in the evening, in the Strand


, near the end of Arundel-street, on the 8th of March. The prisoner passed me and shoved me against the wall; I put down my hand, and caught hold of his arm; and he attempting to get away, pulled me off the flags into the street pavement: a person behind said, damn him, knock him down: he struck me with the stick I have now, on the cheek; I have the mark now on my face; I was obliged to let him go; he ran through the church-yard; I pursued him, and called stop robber! stop robber! he was about four or five yards before me in the passage: I called out, and a young man tripped him up; I never lost sight of him the whole time; I have no doubt but he is the man that robbed me: I lost half a guinea, nine shillings and sixpence, a pocket handkerchief, and a glove; I lost the money out of my breeches pocket, and the handkerchief and glove out of my coat pocket.
Court. Was any part of your property found upon him? - There was money; I did not particularly attend, I was stunned so; the young man who took him, will tell you.



                  WILLIAM
                   BIRCH
               



             sworn.
I was coming down the back of St. Clement's: I heard somebody call stop thief! I saw the prisoner running through the passage the end of Holywell-street; I caught hold of the flap of his coat, and he turned round and tried to strike me, and I hulled him down; I picked up this stick. Mr. Moore came up directly: I took him to the watch house; and going along, he threw some money away: and at the corner of Newcastle-street, a fellow shoved me, and took something from the prisoner; and there was a mob raised, and they tried to rescue the prisoner.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going for my master to Scotland-yard, for some money: I was going past that gentleman, and I happened to pass that gentleman; and he said, damn you, you have robbed me, and struck me three times; I struck him again, and he called stop thief! and this man took me.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not of the robbery
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
