





532. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BUCKIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of July
, a cotton shawl, value 3d. two muslin aprons, value 7s. a linen shirt, value 3d. a tippet, value 1d. a laced cap, value 5s. a table cloth, value 2s. 6d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. and two silk sashes, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Williams
                  




               
            .


                  LUCY
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of John Williams, I live at No. 26, Grays-Inn-lane


, my husband is a smith and farrier
: The prisonercame to my house, and I gave her a little needlework to do; while she was backwards and forwards in my room I missed the property mentioned in the indictment; about two months ago, she came to me on a Tuesday, and on the Sunday following I missed the things; I went to Mr. Lowe's, the pawnbroker, on Clerkenwell-green, for she had been seen to go there, and used that shop; he said, he would not tell me whether he had such things or not, he said, he could not without either the duplicates or the person that brought them; then I went to the Police-office, and had her taken into custody; the officer went with me, and found a muslin apron, and a coloured shawl, and my child's tippet and shift, at the pawnbroker's.


                  GEORGE
                   LONGDEN
               



             sworn. - I am a Police-officer belonging to Hatton-garden: about the 14th or 15th of July last, I was sent for by the prosecutrix to take the prisoner into custody; I took her to Mr. Lowe's, the pawnbroker, and he said, that was the woman that pledged the articles.


                  JOHN
                   STEVENSON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Lowe: On the 15th of July, the officer and the prosecutrix came to enquire for things pledged in the name of Buckie; I told them I could not tell, unless I saw the ticket, there was no such name as Buckie in our books; but as soon as I saw the pri soner I knew immediately, and produced the goods, for she had pledged them in a different name. (Produces the property).
Prosecutrix. These things are my property, the apron has my work upon it; I am sure they are all mine.
Stevenson. There had been a white apron and a table-cloth.
Prisoner's defence. I had some work to do for her, and she gave me the shawl with the things wrapped up in it.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 42.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
