





131. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITEHORN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of January
, three reams of demy paper, value 3l. 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Richardson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Harrison
               



            .
THOMAS HARRISON sworn. - I am a stationer

, in partnership with 
               
                  William
                   Richardson
               



            ; on the 20th of January the paper mentioned in the indictment was stole out of a cart in the street; I only speak to the property.
OLIVER WHITTAL sworn. - I am servant to Messrs. Richardson and Harrison, No. 5, Leadenhall-street; I was coming from Portland-street to Leadenhall-street with a cart; opposite Castle-street in Holborn


 a man opened the hind part of the cart; it was a close cart.
Q. Did you see him do it? - A. No, I saw him taking the parcel out; it was three reams of demy paper ruled, it was tied up in whited brown paper; I said stop thief, and he dropped it about two yards from the cart, and then he ran across towards Castle-street, and I lost sight of him; I saw no more of him till a person took him; this was about six o'clock at night; he was brought to me to the cart in about three minutes; the young man that brought him said he saw him open the doors behind, and take it out; I cannot swear to the man; the paper was picked up by Charles Finch.
Q. Are you sure the parcel he picked up was the same parcel that was in the cart? - A. Yes, it is the property of Richardson and Harrison; I fetched it from their warehouse in Portland-street; it is marked on the outside the number of reams; I had a bill of parcels from one warehouse to the other, it mentions three reams demy, sixteen lines in faint and cross lines; there were six reams in two parcels, but only three were missing; I don't know the value of them.


                  CHARLES
                   FINCH
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Alderman Anderson; I saw the prisoner in Holborn, opposite Castle-street, at the bind part of the cart, for some time, and open one of the bolts or pins; I then saw him jump up once or twice to undo the other bolt, which he did; he then took the paper upon his shoulder, and ran with it about eight yards; I heard the man that belonged to the cart call out stop thief, then I ran after him; he ran on the pavement within a yard of the Lottery-office, I never lost sight of him, he was stopped by a man opposite the Lottery-office windows, about twenty yards from the cart, that was the outside when the man stopped him; I took the paper up, and gave it to the last witness, and we took the prisoner to Hatton-garden, and then before Alderman Clark.


                  JOHN
                   MERRIMAN
               



             sworn. - I stopped the prisoner in Holborn, on hearing the alarm of the carman crying out stop thief twice; I was on the pavement near the Lottery-office; he was pursued by Alderman Anderson's servant; I saw him throw the property off his shoulder, about a minute or half a minute before I took him; I did not see him take it out of the cart.
Q. (To Finch.) Did you see him throw down the parcel? - A. Yes, I was within a yard, or not so much, when he threw it down.
Prisoner. (To Merriman.) Where did you stop me? - A. Just by the Lottery-office.


                  RICHARD
                   GOODMAN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Richardson and Harrison; this parcel I packed up myself, and delivered it into the hands of Whittal, in Portland-street, on the 20th of January, about ten minutes after six o'clock in the evening; this is my writing on the parcel; it is the property of Messrs. Richardson and Harrison.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROWE
               



             sworn. - I am an officer of Hatton-garden; the prisoner was brought to our office, and delivered to my care; I took him to the counter, and was referred to the Aldermen in the city for examination the next day; this parcel was delivered to me by 
               
                  Oliver
                   Whittal
               



            ; I have kept it ever since. (Produces it.)
Q. (To the Prosecutor.) What is the value of this paper? - A. Three guineas.
Prisoner's defence. As I was coming up Holborn, I crossed the way; three men were in the middle of the road; a coach came, and I got out of the way to where the Hampstead coaches stand, and that man stopped me; he asked me what I was running for, I told him to get out of the way of the horses.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
