





318. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     COX
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of August
 last, six pounds of white pewter, value 3 s. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Cornelius 
                     Swift
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   REID
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to Mr. Swift, a pewterer, in Shoe-lane. On Friday, the 19th of August, I had an occasion to go out of the shop; I heard 
               
                  Robert
                   Cox
               



            , our porter
, off his stool, which he had no business to be; I went to that shop where his coat hung up, and felt something hard on the outside of his coat pocket, which caused a suspicion. My master being out, I went down and told my mistress, and then sent for my master; this was about five o'clockin the afternoon. At eight, when he was leaving work, I stopped him going out, just off the step of the street door, and went and fetched Singleton the constable, and he searched him, and found pewter in every one of his pockets. While I went for the constable, he was in the kitchen with my mistress, and Mr. Bland with her, a next door neighbour.
Court. What business had he on that stool? - He was cleaning the pewter pots.
Where was you? - I was in the room under him.
SAMUEL SINGLETON sworn.
I am constable of St. Andrew's; I was sent for to Mr. Swift; I live directly opposite; I went over; I went down to Mr. Swift's kitchen, and searched him, and pulled all this pewter out of his different pockets, his coat, waistcoat, and breeches pockets. (Produced.) They weigh upwards of six pounds weight. The man said, he was very sorry for what he had done. I asked him, if ever he had been guilty of the like before? he said, he had not; he meant to sell it to an old iron shop in Shoe-lane.


                  CORNELIUS
                   SWIFT
               



             sworn.
This is my property; I can swear to them.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I did not put them into my pocket; the witness Reid has often played tricks with me.
Court to Reid. He says you played tricks with him; did you put this pewter into his pocket? - I did not.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
