





221. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CHARLES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of March
, two live cock fowls, value 5s. and eight live hen fowls, value 4s. an iron hand saw, value 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Toomer
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   TOOMER
               



             sworn.
I live in the parish of Fulham, at the sign of the Three Kings


; I am a Victualler
. Early on the morning of the 14th of March, I had three lockers broke open between the hours of two and three o'clock in the morning, I had three lockers broke open, and out of one of these lockers were eight hens and two cocks roosted, and they were took away from that place, it was over the stable.
Q. Is the stable in an enclosed yard? - No, no further than there is a little gate sometimes open and sometimes shut; no proper bars to the gate. I see those ten fowls there on the 13th; in the evening they were all safe, they were at two o'clock; likewise a coal-shed locker broke open, and they took a hand saw.
Q. Is your coal-shed close to the stable? - No; my coal-shed leads into the kitchen, they never attempted the door that goes into the kitchen; the other room that lets for two shillings a week, they broke open that, thinking the fowls were there, that was joining the stable. They were common locks, one was broke and split in two.
Q. On the night preceding, were all the locks fast? - They were all three of them; they were all forced, the nails were drawn out.
Q. Why do you lay this to the prisoner at the bar? - I only know by the witnesses.


                  JOHN
                   HUMPHRY
               



             sworn.
I am watchman at Beaufet-road, Chelsea, at one o'clock in the morning, on the 14th of March, the prisoner came by me in a cart; I then perceived it was the same person that put me in bodily fear, about three weeks before; I knew him again, I then followed him up into Little Chelsea; I then perceived he went towards Fulham, I then returned back again; I then sent to my Lord Moon's watchman and another, and then we went and searched after the prisoner, near the Loyal Wards, at Walham Green, I perceived the prisoner driving the cart under the fence; I then said to my partner, you keep close to the fence, it is the same cart that came past me at one o'clock; I then perceived the prisoner, he made his escape up the foot path; I stopped him, and took him by the collar; I told Turner, the other that was with me, tojump into the cart to see what there was in it, and he found ten fowls, a hand saw, and a sack of fine polsard.
Mr. Knapp. Did you look into the cart? - I did.
Q. Did you see whose cart it was? was there any reading on the board? - There was; 
               
                  Robert
                   Jellerd
               



            .
Q. Was you in this foot path? - Yes.
Q. Then he came direct into your hands? - He did not come into my hands without I had catched him.
Q. He came into your hands, and you laid hold of him? - I did.
Q. Was there any body with him? - There was not that morning, sometimes there were two of them, and sometimes three; they have frequented that road for two or three months.


                  RICHARD
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman, in the parish of Chelsea; I know of this business a good deal more than they wish for us to know to a certainty. On the 14th of March at one, the clock had struck, when the prisoner had passed in a cart towards the parish of Fulham. towards Milmans row, in a place called Little Chelsea. I spoke to my fellow servant, 
               
                  John
                   Humphry
               



            , and I went to my Lord Moon's watchman; we agreed three of us to go and look out for this man, we went and saw the man. After crying the hour of three, and by hearing of us, he jumped off the shafts of the cart, and came round by the tail of the cart; I went and jumped into the cart and searched the cart; I found a sack with some poultry, ten fowls, a hand saw, a cutting knife, half a sack of fine pollard, and this sack was in the prisoner's hand. (Produced.)


                  JOSEPH
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman, I was at the taking of this man, on the 14th of March, at three o'clock in the morning.
Prosecutor. The hand saw is my property, here is a place that I have cut with a nail. The fowls I have seen, I bred them, the watchmen shewed them me.
Humphry. They were the same fowls I found, I shewed them him at the Magistrate's at Bow-street; two of the heads were cut off, they were all dead.
Prosecutor. The sowls were absolutely mine.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, I was going to work when these men stopped me, they asked me if the cart belonged to me? I said no; they said I am certain it does belong to you, for I see you jump out. I was not with the cart at all.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
