





312. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BENNETT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of March
, twenty yards and a half of muslin, value 5l. 12s. three yards and three quarters of muslin, value 1l. 4s. eight yards and three quarters of Irish linen, value 1l. 1s. 10d. one yard of lace, value 1s. a calico petticoat, value 1l. one pair of dimity pockets, value 2s. two muslin neckcloths, value 1s. and five neck handkerchiefs, value 1l. 5s. the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Portal
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   PORTAL
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper
 in Bishopsgate-street


; the prisoner was a servant
 in the house, she lived with me about three months and a fortnight. I first missed the property in January; the first article I missed was a piece of plain muslin; I taxed her with it on the 18th of March, I told her I insisted upon seeing her box opened; she said she would go up stairs and open the box before me; I found a calico petticoat belonging to me, I found nothing else at that time, I told her to come down and take her wages and go; I was directed afterwards to take a search-warrant, and search her sister's apartments; I went immediately to her sister's, whose name is Parker, and found the box, and her brother-in-law, after searching his house, brought the box to me in the evening, on the 18th of March; the box is here with its contents.
Q. This box contains the whole of the things charged in the indictment? - A. Yes; the prisoner gave me the key of the box before it was brought to my house.


                  RICHARD
                   PRITCHARD
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Portal: all I know about the matter is, I saw this petticoat taken out of her box, the prisoner was present; I cannot say the petticoat belonged to my master.
WILLIAM FISK sworn. - I am a Police officer belonging to Worship-street: On Saturday the 18th of March, Mr. Portal came for a search-warrant; I found the petticoat, part of the property, in the prosecutor's house; then I found three handkerchiefs, a piece of muslin, a pair of stockings, and several things in the prisoner's box.
Court. Q. Were there twenty yards and a half of muslin in the box? - A. It was measured by the prosecutor, he can give you an account of it; I have kept these things ever since. (The box produced).
Mr. Gurney. Q.(To Mr. Portal). After you had discovered the petticoat, I believe you told the prisoner if she would confess she had taken the property, you would forgive her? - A.Nothing at all like it.


                  RICHARD
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn. - I know nothing further of the transaction than I saw the box brought to Mr. Portal's house by Parker; I went with them to the Magistrate's in Worship-street; I saw the box opened and its contents, it was on the 18th of March, and they were sworn to by Mr. Portal.
Q.(To Portal). Look at the twenty yards of muslin, can you swear to it? - A. Yes, I can, from its having my own hand-writing on it at each end.
Q.What is the value of it? - A. It has been cut since I had it, it was in one piece when she took it, the piece cost me six guineas, at 5s. 9d. a yard.
Q.It is valued at 5l. 12s. would you give that for it? - A. Certainly I would.
Q. The three yards and three quarters of muslin, can you prove that to be your's? - A. Yes; but there is not my mark on that part, because the prisoner has made part of it into a petticoat; I value that at 24s.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. All the articles, excepting the petticoat, were found in the box, which Mr. Parker brought to your house? - A. Yes; except little trifling articles.
Q. The twenty yards of muslin is now in two pieces? - A. It is in two pieces, I cannot tell the length of them now.
Q. You cannot tell whether they were taken in one piece or two pieces, they might have been taken at different times for what you can tell? - A. They certainly might.
Q. You will not state the value too high? - A. I state it at what it cost me.
Q. I believe you had a very good character with this woman? - A. Yes, I had.

The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence.
GUILTY (Aged 22.)
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
