






188. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
 last, four damask window curtains, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rutherford
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   RUTHERFORD
               



             sworn.
I am wife to 
               
                  Thomas
                   Rutherford
               



            , he lives in Newman-street


; we lost four window curtains the 10th of December; they were taken out of the parlour, from the rods, about eleven at night; ours is a public-house, the door was open; the company had been gone out about half an hour; the prisoner came in and went into the parlour, and shut himself in the dark; the lights were taken away; he called for a glass of crank; I took it in myself; my husband was ill; the prisoner stood with his back against the fire, with a paper full of hay on the table; I sat down the gin and water; he said, if he comes, tell him I am here: I said, if who comes, he said, if Mr. Webb comes; I went away, and in about a quarter of an hour he ran quick through the passage; and I saw the curtains were gone, and the mark of his feet in the chairs.


                  GEORGE
                   VINCENT
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Rutherford; I was in the room, but did not see the man take them; I saw the curtains there when the man came in.


                  JOHN
                   GREENWOOD
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I took the prisoner soon after on information; he had a bundle of hay and brickdust under his arm, tied up like muslin; the direction is 
               
                  John
                   Williams
               



            , Esq. Berner-street.
Mrs. Rutherford. I believe this to be the bundle he brought to our house; I know him again; I never saw him but that once.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was returning home; I had appointed to meet Mr. Webb there; I never saw the curtains.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
