





568. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KIRK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of October
, four worsted stocking-pieces, value 2l. 4s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Peart
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   PEART
               



             sworn. - I am a hosier
, No. 12, and 13, in the Poultry


; I saw nothing of this transaction myself, I have no partner, I live in the house.
JOHN COFFEE sworn. - I am an officer of Cheap Ward: On the 15th of October, about half past five in the evening, I was going with four letters to the Post-office, for Alderman Boydell, I am porter to him; I saw the prisoner at the bar, and another, taking notice of different shops, which gave me a suspicion of him; when I came to No. 12, in the Poultry, I saw this lad stop at the prosecutor's shop, the young lad in the shop appeared to me to be going to take a candle down into the cellar; as soon as ever the lad had turned his back the prisoner went in, and brought out four stocking-pieces; when he came out, I immediately laid hold of him with my right-hand; he then dropped the pieces, and I picked them up; he called out to several different names, and bit me; I directly threw him into Mr. Harper's shop, till I got assistance to take him to the Compter. (Produces them).
Prosecutor. I believe them to be my property, I cannot positively say they are mine.
Q. But were the stockings that were in your shop your property? - A. Most certainly.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing at all about it, I never was in the shop.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
