





424. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CRAVEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of April
, a cloth coat, value 1 l. 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Scott
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   SCOTT
               



             sworn.
I am a Taylor
; I lost a cloth coat on Saturday the 22d of April; I was out near about ten o'clock at night, at a neighbouring house to buy some buckles, and while I was in the shop I heard the cry of stop thief! and I ran towards my own shop, and I met the girl with the child in her arms crying, stop thief! then I went down Drury-lane and they had laid hold of the prisoner at the bar, one of the shopmen next door to me had; I did not see him laid hold of, I saw him when the young man had hold of him, I laid hold of him myself, and brought him into the shop; he had not any thing on him when I laid hold of him.
Q. Did you see him throw down any thing? - No, I did not.
Q. Where was this coat taken from? - It was taken from a shelf in the shop; I saw it about five o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. What time did this happen? - Near about ten o'clock in the evening.
Q. How soon did you see it after you lost it? - I saw it in about three minutes.
Q. In whose hands? - It was laid on the counter.
Q. Have you kept it ever since? - No, I delivered it to my customer, and he has wore it, but I have put my mark on it; it is a new coat; I made it for my customer, but I never delivered it to him before it was stolen.


                  ELIZABETH
                   GOWLAND
               



             sworn.
I am the servant of Mr. Scott; my master and mistress were gone out of the way, and my master left me in care of the shop and told me to give an eye to the shop; I was standing in the parlour with a child in my arms, and I saw a man looking through the glass window at the door, it is a glass door, he directly lifted up the latch of the door and comes in; I thought it was a customer; he calls out, halloo, mistress, to me; I made answer and said, I am coming; and I had just come to the parlour door as he came into the shop, just by the end of the counter, and he had then got his hand on the coat, which was on the shelf, he took down the coat, then I was very nigh him, and he let it fall and stooped to pick it up, and then he ran out of the shop with the coat in his hand, and I ran after him and called out stop thief! he was taken in about three minutes afterwards; Idid not see him taken, I see them bring him into the shop again and the coat too, it was the same coat that he had taken out of the shop, and the same man.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   SANDERS
               



             sworn.
About ten o'clock I was sent for; the prisoner was in custody when I came, and I took him into custody, and the prosecutor asked me if I knew him? I said yes, very well.
Prisoner. I was coming from Long-acre, between nine and ten o'clock; I have worked for a person there these three years, and I was coming up Drury-lane, and stop thief, was crying out, they came and collared me and took me into the shop; that is all.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
