





597. 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     HOLLISTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of June
 last, one base metal snuff box, inlaid with silver, value 10 s. one base metal seal, gilt with gold, value 30 s. one key value 1 d. an instrument case, value 5 s. a pair of steel scissars, with silver bows, value 12 d. a silver handled clasp knife, value 18 d. a silver ear picker, value 6 d. a stone ring, with rose diamonds, set in gold, value 20 s. one fancy ring, with garnets, set in gold, value 5 s. one agate box, value 5 s. one red morocco pocket book, with a silver lock, value 4 s. a pencil, value 1 d. a tortoiseshell handled knife, with two blades, value 18 d. an ivory opera glass, value 5 s. a steel razor, value 12 d. a pair of scissars, value 12 d. a trinket, value 12 d. and one shagreen pen and ink case, mounted with silver
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Wergman
                  




               
            .


                  PETER
                   WERGMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a jeweller
 in St. James's-street


: I lost the things in the indictment; they were brought to my house by an officer from Bow-street, I think the 14th of June; I had not missed them; they were my property; I suppose they had been taken outof the shop; I knew them to be mine, and when I looked over my goods I found they were missing; the prisoner had lived with me seven or eight weeks as a servant, and was well recommended; he was in my service at that time.


                  JOHN
                   BECK HEATHER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Long-acre: the prisoner brought this box to me, and wanted one guinea and a half for it, on the 14th of June; I suspected him, and sent for a constable, who searched him, and found several things on him which the constable has. I produce this box.
Deposed by the prosecutor, who had it a long while.


                  JAMES
                   SHALLARD
               



             sworn.
I took charge of the prisoner the 14th of June: I found on him a tweezer case, with instruments, a small tortoiseshell snuff box, a metal watch, and a couple of rings, and a pocket book, and a knife, and a purse: I found nothing else upon him.
These things deposed to by prosecutor, having, all but one or two articles, his mark on them; the snuff-box and pocket-book having his mark, and the watch had his name on, but part was taken out; the agate box and instrument case have his mark: could not speak to the purse.
Shallard. I then brought the prisoner to the Office, and asked where he lived, he told me, I went there, and found his box, and found a steel chain, and several trinkets, and a watch string and an opera glass, a pen case, and a pair of scissars, and on a shelf, a razor, and several old watch keys in his pocket in the room.
Prosecutor. This seal, and trinket, like a boot, are marked, and the opera glass also: the rest are like those I had.


                  JAMES
                   SIMMONS
               



             sworn.
The prosecutor left this watch with me, that morning; I missed it and could not find it, and the watch that the constable brought from Bow-street is the same watch.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found the watch in the necessary.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


