





8. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     CASEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, two white cotton counterpanes, value 1l. forty-three ticken pillow cases, value 3l. thirteen linen quilt carpets, value 4l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Miles
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Miles
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Galindo
                        



                     
                  ; in the dwelling house of the said 
                     
                        Samuel
                         Galindo
                     



.


                  SAMUEL
                   GALINDO
               



             sworn.
I live in Bishopsgate-street


; I have a house there; the Saturday preceeding the time the prisoner was taken into custody, I had taken thirty-four cotton counterpanes from a shelf, because we had got some painters in the house, in order to give the painters an opportunity of painting there; on Monday morning I was putting them in and desired the prisoner to assist a little boy of mine to hand them up with him, and I found there were two of them short in number; that was on the 4th of November.
Q. Were these white cotton counterpanes? - They were.
Q. Was the prisoner a servant
 of your's? - Yes.
Q. Are you the sole proprietor of them? - No, I have two partners, 
               
                  Richard
                   Miles
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Miles
               



            . I accordingly informed the master painter that some of his men had robbed me, but not finding any thing I desired Mr. Lawrence, who is our principal warehouseman, to be upon his guard, I desired him to inform me as soon as he had any suspicion. On Tuesday the 5th I missed seven of the quilts mentioned in the indictment, quilt carpets, covered for quilts. I informed Mr. Lawrence, and I marked every one of that bundle that these seven were taken out. From another bundle on Wednesday, the next day, the 6th, I lost two more, I then marked the other parcel, as I found he had shifted the parcel, on Thursday they were all safe; Friday the 8th I lost two more; on Saturday morning I lost another; on Saturday afternoon the prisoner stole another, and I detected him with it; I found one on him, in his breeches, about a quarter before two o'clock, I detected him at the Vine Inn, he was taken a hundred yards from our house, I called to him at the inn, and insisted on searching him; he would not let me; I took him to the warehouse, and began to search him, and I asked him what he had got in his breeches, seeing something; he said, you know what I have got there; and I said, you will be very sorry too, when I have got it out, and I took him home to my counting house, and he owned there that it was the only one that he ever took.
Q. Did you find any other part of your property in his possession? - Not any more than that.
Q. Then you charge him with the whole, from your having lost in the different days a number of carpets to a large amount, because you found one of these in his breeches? - I do.
Mr. Knapp. Do not suppose that, because it is necessary on the part of the defendant to ask you some questions, that I mean to give you any offence, for I assure you I do not. I take it for granted you was extremely anxious to find out the thief especially when you supposed it was in your own house; was not you led to make some promises to some person in your house to know who was the thief? - To my knowledge I never mentioned a word about it.
Q. Did you not hold out a threat to him or make a promise to him that if you get the property you would be merciful? - Not to him, nor to any man living.
Q. Did you make no promise to him at the Vine Inn? - Not any.
Q. Did not you tell him that you would prosecute him if he did not tell the truth? - I did not, I was very cautious; I was only here two sessions ago, and this man gave information against the very man that I then prosecuted, he said he knew the man.
Q. What is the size of one of these carpets? - They are made of different sizes, I believe this one is about five quarters wide.
Q. That would occupy a considerable space? - About half the size of that book when put up together, a common octavo, not more.


                  THOMAS
                   SAVIGNY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I was sent for; Mr. Galindo had searched him before, he gave charge of him, and gave me the carpet, and it has been in my custody ever since, this is it.
Galindo. This is the carpet that I lost; I put an S on it with a pencil, a saint mark that it might not be noticed.
Mr. Knapp. This seems to me to be more like a coverlid or counterpane? - It is not, it is nothing more than a piece of linen, printed on purpose to cover a quilt.
Q. You say the mark is the letter S. there is no other mark on it? - No other of my making.
Q. There is no shop mark at all? - None at all.
Q. Then the letter S is the only marks; will you swear that you yourself put that S on the linen, and that that letter S is your own writing? - I will take on myself to swear that it is, because it is my hand writing.
Q. How many might you have marked the letter S? - About five or six and thirty; I marked some on Monday afternoon the first parcel, I marked some on Wednesday, and I don't know whether I marked any after.
Q. You have a great many persons that assist you in your shop? - No more than one.
Q. Who is that one? - Mr. Lawrence; he is here present.
Q. Will you take upon yourself to say that from the time of your putting on the letter S. none of those were sold? - By our books I know there were none sold.
Court. Who is the proprietor and occupier of the house? - Nobody at all but myself alone.
Mr. Knapp. What is the value of this one piece? - About five or six shillings.
GUILTY.




               Of stealing to the value of 5s
            .(Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
