





578. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DAVIS otherwise 
HAYNES





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, six linen shifts, value 2 l. 2 s. three linen napkins, value 3 s. two pair of cotton stockings, value 4 s. three check linen aprons, value 6 s. two linen waistcoats, value 2 s. three silk handkerchiefs, value 6 s. two linen pockets, value 1 s. a lace muslin cap, value 2 s. a silk hat band, value 2 s. three linen towels, value 1 s. a pair of womens leather shoes, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dobson
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  MARY
                   DOBSON
               



             sworn.
My husband keeps a public house
, the sign of the Hanover-square, in St. George's row


.
Q. Was the prisoner your servant
? - I hired her at a shilling a week to work at her needle, and her victuals and drink; I don't know that she stole the things; I missed several things while she was with me, several small articles of linen and wearing apparel, but after she was gone from me about a fortnight or three weeks, I had reason to suspect her; in consequence of that I did nothing till I missed my things further, I did not go after her, my servant went after her; I know my property; she had access to these things, and had an opportunity of going to these things where they were kept; the things are here.


                  ANN
                   BEARD
               



             sworn,
I am the servant to Mr. Dobson; I know the prisoner at the bar, I don't know any thing of her taking the things,when my mistress missed them she desired me to go along with the constable, John Baker, to see for the woman, we did not meet with her that evening; the next morning I found her in bed, the constable looked and found some duplicates, but nothing belonging to my mistress; when we were coming out, she confessed; the things were found at Mr. Moore's, a pawnbroker, in Broad-street.


                  THOMAS
                   WATKINS
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Moore, a pawnbroker, in Bird-street; I remember the prisoner at the bar coming to my house, she was a customer of ours, she pawned four shifts, I have got them here, and a napkin, the shifts were pawned for two shillings a piece.
Q. Where they fine shifts? - Not very coarse, nor very fine; there was one sheet besides, and one pair of cotton stockings. I produce them they have been in my possession ever since.


                  Mary
                   Dobson
               



             I know the shifts by the wear, and the cutting them out; I know the napkin by a particular mark, there is a pair of cotton stockings marked M. H. that was the initials of my name before I was married; I know the sheet.
Prisoner. She gave me the things to make, I was very much distressed, and I pawned them.
GUILTY,




               Of stealing to the value of twenty shillings
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            

Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
