





153. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARRY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of January
, a pannel saw, value 2s. a smoothing plane, value 3s. the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Armitage
                     



                  ; a trying plane, value 28. a rabbit plane, value 6d. and a hand saw, value 1s. 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Loveday
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   ARMITAGE
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter

. On Friday night I left my tools in a new building, in Finsbury-place


, I left them there about six o'clock when I lest work.
Q. When did you first miss them? - On Saturday morning, about six o'clock. We heard of them about ten o'clock the same morning, and we saw them at Mr. Parker's, the pawnbroker, the corner of Wood-street, he was the person that detained them, and sent about to see if they could be owned.
Q. Do you know them when you see them? - Yes. They are here, I have them, the constable would not come.


                  Q. 
               


            When did you receive them of th constable? - Tuesday.


                  Q. 
               


            Do you know his name? - Fletcher. I am certain of the tools, the plane I made myself, and the saw I have had two years and made common use of it; I should have known it if it had been carried to America, I know it very well.


                  WILLIAM
                   LOVEDAY
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter.
Q. Did you lose any tools at any time? - Yes, a trying plane, a rabbit plane and a hand saw.
Q. When did you lose them? - On the 30th of January last.
Q. Did you lose them from the same place? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            When did you last see them in the place? - At six o'clock.
Q. Did you see them at the pawnbroker's the next day for the first time after? - Yes.
Q. Did you know them to be your's? - Yes.
Q. How did you know the trying plane to be your's? - Very well; there is the maker's name on it. The rabbit plane I bought it of Mr. Parker, I have had it about two months, I know it by the mark of it, I could tell it from a hundred;the hand saw I know it, It is Mr. Harrison's make, I have had it these seven years.
- sworn.
I live with Mr. Parker.(The rabbit plane shewn him.)
Q. Have you ever had that in your custody before? - There is my mark on it.


                  Q. 
               


            When were these tools brought to you? - On the 30th of January; the prisoner at the bar brought a basket of tools to pledge, it was in the evening, about a quarter past seven, to the best of my recollection.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? - Yes.
Q. You know him? - Yes; he said they were his own.
Q. Are you sure the rabbit plane is one that he brought? - Yes, I am quite sure of that by the mark I put on it.
Q. Then he was detained? - Yes.
Q. Do you recollect who you sold the rabbit plane to? - I do not.
Q. To Armitage. You said you had it for two months; now there happens to be this man's hand writing on it, will you venture to swear that is your's? did you ever see that man's hand writing there? - I never took particular notice; I never saw that man's hand writing there.
Prisoner. One John Wilkins brought me the tools, and asked me to pawn them for him; he was in distress he said.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the rabbit plane only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
