





123. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of December
, a boiling copper, value 10s. belonging to 
                     
                        William 
                        Warren
                     




                  , affixed to his dwelling house
            .


                  MARTHA
                   WARREN
               



             sworn.
I am a wife of William Warren; I lost a copper the 16th of December, about nine o'clock at night, it was of a Monday, as my servant was going to put my little girl to bed, she opened the middle door of the shop and she said ma'am here is a man with the copper; I takes up the candle that was in the parlour and I opened the door as fast as I could, and when I opened the door the prisoner was just got out of the street door; I asked him what he had got? He said nothing but his own; I told him it was not his; he said it was his own property; withthat I called stop thief, and when I tried stop thief, he threw down the copper, and ran, and I ran after him, the prisoner cried stop thief, as well as me. The copper was fixed in a back kitchen, and there was the place where the copper was taken out, I had seen it fixed in the back kitchen not half an hour before, and the man was brought back to my shop, and taken to the watch-house, and then I went to the watch-house and gave charge.
Q. You say you see him run out? - I had a candle in my hand when I went out to the street door; I saw him perfectly well, he had the copper leaning on his shoulder, on his head; while I was in pursuit after him my servant comes out and brought the copper into the shop, and it was taken to the watch-house; when I cried stop thief! he threw it off from his head.
Q. Did you see this man's face? - I see him perfectly well.
GUNNER sworn.
I am a servant to Mrs. Warren. On the 16th of December, about nine o'clock as I opened the passage door I saw the prisoner with the copper on his head, with that I stepped back to my mistress, I said, here is a man in the passage with the copper on his head. I did not run after the man, my mistress did, she had a candle with her.
Q. Had you a candle? - Yes.
Q. Did you see his face? - Yes, we were face to face.
Q. Was he brought back to your mistress? - Yes, in about ten minutes I saw him.
Q. Was it the same man brought back? - Yes.
Q. How soon had you seen it before? - About a quarter of an hour before.
Q. Where? - In the back kitchen.
Q. How far was it from this back kitchen to where the man was? - He had come up one pair of stairs.
Q. Did the room come into the passage at once? - Yes, where I saw him.
Q. In what manner was this copper fixed in? - In brick work.
Q. Did you see in this back kitchen any tools, or any thing by which this copper could be wrenched out? - It was wrenched out.
Q. Was the copper brought back and fitted to the place? - Yes, and it fitted.
Q. Did there appear any violence to the place? - No.
Prisoner. I am as innocent as a child unborn.


                  SAMUEL
                   GILPIN
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker; I was down at the sign of the Horse and Groom, having a pint of beer with some particular customers of mine, by and by I heard a terrible outcry in the street, crying stop thief! I immediately ran out of the tap room, and the prisoner was just run by, and ran into Black Horse yard, that leads into Tottenham-court-road; immediately I pursued him, I took him just coming into the Black Horse yard and brought him back to Mrs. Warren's; I was not the first that laid hold of him, but I was close to the heels of the gentleman that took him.
Q. In what street does Mrs. Warren live? - In Steven-street, No. 13, it is in Rathbone-place.
Q. Where did you first see the copper? - It was brought into the baker's shop. When I saw him he had dropped the copper; I saw nothing of the copper till I came back with the prisoner to Mrs. Warren's, I did not know what was meant by the outcry before I came then the person that was the taking of him said, Gilpin, I will have nothing to do with him, you may take him to yourself, and I immediately sent for the watchman; Mrs. Warren said, that was the man that stole the copper, and said it was her own copper.

Q. Did you go and see where it was taken from? - Yes, it was down in the kitchen, about ten or a dozen stairs, there were some of the lime broke off just about the edge where the copper was fixed.
JOSHUA WHITEMAN sworn. I am a constable; I was the constable of the night; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and the copper was brought there, the last witness brought the copper.
Court to Mrs. Warren. Did you send it by the lab witness? - The witness took it himself.
Court to Whiteman. Have you kept it from that time to this? - No, I put a mark on it, and they have had it for their own usesince.
Court to Mrs. Warren. How came it here? - Mr. Warren brought it here, two or three nights ago, and it has been over the way at the baker's ever since; I expected the trial to come on before now.
Whiteman. This is the copper, here is the mark I put on it.
Mrs. Warren. There is the mark I put on it, it is a scratch with a penknife, this is the one that I see the prisoner throw down.
Prisoner. I know no more than a child unborn about it.
Court to Mrs. Warren. Do you know this man at all? - He is quite a stranger to me.
Court to Gunner. Are you sure that is the man that was in the passage? - I am.
Court to Gilpin. Did you see any body else running besides this man? - No, there was nobody else in the street.
Prisoner. I never saw the man that took hold of me first, from that day to this. My friends were here about an hour ago, and I thought I should not be tried to night. I have worked hard for my living ever since I have been able.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
