





384. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     SAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th day of May
, a black leather case, value 1s. and a bill of Exchange, value 46l. 11s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Prosser
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   PROSSER
               



             sworn. - I am clerk
 to Messrs. Bowles and Company, Friday-street; the leather case was taken out of my pocket on Wednesday the 24th of May, between one and two o'clock in the afternoon; I was walking with 
               
                  William
                   Marshall
               



            , we were going to Somerset-house, and between Norfolk-street and Somerset-house


, I felt a twitch at my coat, upon which I let go of my friend's arm, and clapped my hand to my right-hand pocket, and I found the case was gone; I exclaimed I have lost my case; I immediately turned round and saw the prisoner with the case in his hand; he was behind me when I turned round, he immediately dropped it, I laid hold of him by the collar, and called to my friend and said, this is the man; Mr. Marshall laid hold of him, while I picked up the case; some of the papers sell out in consequence of the fall on the ground, I went to Somerset Coffee-house, and put the papers in again; there was a bill of exchangefor 46l. 11s. unsatisfied at the time, but it was accepted, it was payable on the 25th of July, I have kept it ever since, except when it went out of my hand for Mr. Johnson to make out the indictment, but I put a mark upon it.


                  WILLIAM
                   MARSHALL
               



             sworn. - I met the prosecutor, 
               
                  Charles
                   Prosser
               



            , near, Temple-bar, and I joined him, and walked arm and arm with him; and just opposite Newcastle-street, he exclaimed, I have lost my case; we turned round immediately, and challenged the prisoner with having taken it out of his pocket; he said, this is the man, I saw the case in his hand; I instantly turned round and saw the case lying at the prisoner's feet; I took him to Bow-street.
Court. Q. Who picked up the case? - A. 
               
                  Charles
                   Prosser
               



            .
Prisoner's defence. I was going along the Strand, and this gentleman turned round and caught hold of me; be collared me, and said, I had got something from him, and he took up that great large pocket-book from the pavement.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 34.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
