





688. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SIMMONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, two silver tea spoons, value 12 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Walker
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  WILLIAM
                   WATSON
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Walker; I know he lost two spoons the 5th of this month; I saw them in my master's kitchen abouteleven o'clock, I missed them going out of my pantry; I saw 
               
                  James
                   Simmons
               



             take the spoons out of the kitchen window and conceal them in his apron.
Q. What was he doing in the house? - He came down as a fishmonger's servant; he turned about and saw me; he asked me if we wanted any fish from the fishmongers? I asked him what fishmonger's he came from? he said he came from the fishmonger's out of Clare-market that supplied Mr. Walker with fish; I asked him his master's name? he could not tell me, with that I shut the door on him, and asked him what he did with the spoons? he said he had got none, I held him by the collar with my left hand, and took the spoons out of his apron with the right; they were my master's spoons I am sure of them, they are not marked with my master's name, they formerly belonged to 
               
                  Alexander
                   Hender
               



            , and he was a bankrupt, and my master bought the house and every thing that was in the house at the time; they have on them A. T. H. I had observed these letters on them before I gave the the spoons to Wightman the constable.
- WIGHTMAN sworn.
These are the spoons that Watson gave me, and I have had them ever since.
Prisoner. I was passing by that gentleman's master's house, and he came up the area steps, and laid hold of me, and said that I had stole his master's spoons; there was a man in a blue coat came up the very minute before the footman, and crossed the field; I have got nobody here at present.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
