





278. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WEALD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of January
, a linen shirt, value 5 s. and nineteen guineas and a half, and two half crowns
            , the monies and goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Close
                  



               
            .
Another Count, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Povey
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   CLOSE
               



             sworn.
I am not a housekeeper; Mr. Povey is the landlord, and lives there, and lets the rest of the apartments: I lost the things by the room door being forced open, and two boxes; it was the 8th; I went out about seven in the morning, and came back within a quarter of twelve at night.
How did you find your door when you came back? - I locked it, and carried the key down to the landlady, to make the bed; when I came home I found the door open; the staple of the door was forced back, and I went and looked at my boxes, and found them broke open, and all my property gone; I have never had any of my property but one shirt; it is in the constable's hands; the constable has it here.
As to the door of the house, was that broke open? - I cannot say to that.
Mrs. POVEY sworn.
The house belongs to my husband, we live in it; and let part of it to lodgers. I went up stairs, as usual, about four o'clock, to make the bed, and at that time every thing was safe; I had the key till the time he came home? I know Mr. Close had boxes in the room, but I know nothing what was missing.


                  THOMAS
                   TING
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. I have a shirt I took off the prisoner's back, on the 2d of February.
(Produced and deposed to.)


                  JAMES
                   SHALLARD
               



             sworn.
I went along with Ting, at the apprehending of this man, and saw the shirt taken off his back.


                  WILLIAM
                   WEAVER
               



             sworn.
I keep the Green Man, in the New-road, Marybone. On Friday, the 8th of January, the prisoner came to my house, in the afternoon, and continued there all the day; and I was desired to take care of some money which he had; it was ten guineas and a half: a patrol before my house sold him a watch for three guineas, which I saw, as well as saw him let a friend have a guinea.

Court to Close. Did you see the lodger in the house the 8th of January? - No, I did not, but he lodged there at that time, and absconded ever since.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was out at work at Whitechapel, from the 9th of January, for three weeks.


                  HANNAH
                   MAYHEW
               



             sworn.
I can swear to making this shirt for Mr. Close.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
             of stealing.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
