





381. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BORTHWICK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               wilful, and corrupt perjury
            .
(The record of the conviction of Innis, read by the clerk of the court.)
MANOAH SIBLY sworn.
I was short-hand-writer at the time of the trial of 
               
                  John
                   Innis
               



            , for forgery, I have my original notes taken on that trial.
Reads the following evidence of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Borthwick
               



            , as given on that trial.
(A will shewn him) This is not the paper that I brought from the schoolmaster.
ROBERT HARRISON sworn.
I was present in court when this prisoner at the bar was examined as a witness.
Q. Was that will shewn to him? - It was.
Q. Did the prisoner at the bar attend at Bow-street? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Was the will shewn to him there? - It was.


                  THOMAS
                   GARRATT
               



             sworn.
Q. Look at this will again? - The body of the will is my hand writing, the words 
               
                  Andrew
                   Bowman
               



            , 
               
                  John
                   Wood
               



            , and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Gardiner
               



            , are not.
Q. Did you make any more than one copy? - No more than one copy.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar, Thomas Borthwick? - That is the person that brought me the will, and I delivered the will to him again.
Q. Did you ever deliver him any other papers of any sort? - Never.
Mr. Alby. Have you always been as positive as you are now, that the prisoner at the bar, is the man? - Always.
Q. Did not you swear at Bow-street, that you was not positive? - I did not.
Court. Did 
               
                  Thomas
                   Borthwick
               



            , the prisoner, come with the officer to your house? - He came from an order of Lord Kenyon, to take me as the writer, the prisoner brought the officer for that purpose.


                  THOMAS
                   HOLLAND
               



             sworn.
This is Mr. Garratt's writing, the body of the will, the words, Andrew Bowman, 
               
                  John
                   Wood
               



            , and Thomas Gardiner are not.

Q. You see what is written below at the bottom of all, is that Mr. Garratt's hand writing? - No.


                  JOHN
                   TOWNSEND
               



             sworn.
Mr. Common Serjeant desired I would go and find out, by the direction of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Borthwick
               



            , the school master that wrote that will.
Q. Who directed you to find out the house? - The prisoner.
Q. You went by his direction to find out Garratt? - Certainly.
Q. Did he say any thing in the course of your going with him there about this will? - He said he himself carried it to Garratt's, for to have it copied.
Q. Was that will produced and shewn to him at Bow-street? - I was not on the spot; I cannot say that. When we got to Garratt's. the prisoner immediately pointed out Garratt as the man that wrote the will, and Garratt said, this is the man that I did it for.
Mr. Alby. You went to two or three houses before you went to the house where this school master lived? - We knocked at two or three doors.
Q. The prisoner at the bar could not take you to the house, as you was at a difficulty in discovering it? - He had forgot the spot, that was the true statement of it; I did not know the spot, I enquired with him, after some degree of difficulty there we found him.
Q. In your examination you said you took the prisoner, and not he took you? - As to my taking him or his taking me, we both rid in a coach together.
ROBERT HARRISON sworn.
Q. Was this will produced at Westminster? - It was.
EDWARD LAVENDER sworn.
Q. When Innis was under examination at Bow-street, was the prisoner at the bar there? - He was.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you take it down in writing? - I did, and he signed it before Mr. Addington, the acting magistrate, and it is signed by me.
Q. Was the will produced to him at that time? - It was by Mr. Harrison.
The information read by the clerk of the Court.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Justice BULLER.
