





371. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOULTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of May
, a gold ring, value 10s. a silver tobacco-stopper, value 12d. three card counter dishes, value 6d. a yard of muslin, value 6d. a calico waistcoat, value 6d. and three guineas and a half, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Simes
                        



                     
                  , widow
; a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10s. a pair of silver knee-buckles, value 2s. a silver tobacco-pipe-tip, value 2d. and a piece of foreign silver coin, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Stevens
                        



                     
                  , widow
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Sarah
                         Simes
                     



.(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  SARAH
                   SIMES
               



             sworn. - I live in Parson's-street, St. George's, Middlesex


: On the 19th of May last, I lost the things stated in the indictment; 
               
                  Mary
                   Stevens
               



             is a lodger of mine; I have never recovered any thing but the tobacco-stopper, and pipe-tip, at a Mr. Carpenter's, in Whitechapel; the prisoner had carried it down to get it engraved; he was a 
painter
, and was painting the house at the time.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Your house is not in St. Paul's Shadwell? - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. The indictment says it is, and therefore your Lordship sees that that gets rid of the capital part of the charge.


                  MARY
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn. - I lodge at Mrs. Simes's: I lost the things named in the indictment, I know nothing of the taking of them.


                  ANN
                   GREENALL
               



             sworn. - I know the buckles and the pipe-tip to be my Aunt's, Mrs. Stevens.


                  GEORGE
                   WINDSOR
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: The prisoner pledged a pair of knee-buckles last Monday fortnight, for two shillings. (Produces them).
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. These were pledged the 15th of May, were they not? - A. Yes.
Q. A great number of persons use your shop in the course of a day? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you mean to speak to every person that comes into your shop in the course of a day? Yes; if I deal with them.
Q. And do you mean to say you should be able to recollect their persons, every one of them? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. Are you sure that the prisoner at the bar is the person that you took these buckles in from? - A. Yes; he had been a customer of ours for near a twelvemonth before.
Mr. Knapp. Q. A great many other persons have dealt at your shop as long? - A. Yes; and a great deal longer.
Q. You knew his person from the frequent applications he had made? - A. Yes.
Q. And are you confident he pledged these buckles with you on the 15th of May? - A. Yes.
Jury. Q. Did you ever know any other articles claimed before that he had pledged at your house? - A. Never.
Court. (To Simes.) Q. You say the things were lost on the 19th of May? - A. I missed them on that day.
Q. Was the prisoner employed in your house before the 19th? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Q. When had you seen your things? - A. I saw the half-guinea on Sunday the 14th.(The buckles were deposed to by Mrs. Stevens).
- CARPENTER sworn. - I have, in my possession, a tobacco-stopper, and a pipe-tip, which were sent to me to be engraved, by a person of the name of Kent, a watch-maker, a Quaker, on Thursday the 18th, in the evening; he is not here.(They were produced, and deposed to by Mrs. Simes, and Mrs. Stevens).


                  JOHN
                   COOK
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On the 19th of last month, about ten in the evening, I went to Mr. Carpenter, to desire him to attend the office; I desired him not to deliver a silver pipe-tip, and a tobacco-stopper, till he attended the office; the prisoner owned them to be his property; I searched his box, on Saturday, at his lodgings in Shadwell, and there I found a piece of muslin, a calico sleeping waistcoat, and three card counter dishes, (produces them); and I found these letters, directed to a Mr. Simes. (They were deposed to by Mrs. Simes).


                  SARAH
                   BURTON
               



             sworn. - I am a daughter of Mrs. Simes: The prisoner was employed to paint my mother's house.
Q. How came the suspicion of these things to fall upon the prisoner? - A. There had been no other person in the room except our own family; I did not see him take them.
Prisoner. (To Mrs. Simes.) Q. Was not there a plaisterer, and another painter, in that room? - A. Not in that room.

Q. But the plaisterer, and the painter, had the same opportunity of getting into the room as the prisoner had? - A. No, the plaisterer had not; I keep the key of the room, and the other painter was his master.
Court. Q. Were their lodgings searched? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. The other journeyman was in the room at work, and I came into the room at the same time; he said he would paint the windows in that room himself, and desired me to go into another room; the plaisterers were at work in the house all the time, and the doors all open; there was no lock upon any of the doors that I saw.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character. GUILTY (Aged 21.)




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
