





135. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LANGLY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 22d of November
, a copper boiling pot, and cover, value 6 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henrietta 
                     Bencraft
                  




widow
.


                  WILLIAM
                   MIDWINTER
               



             sworn.
I am Mrs. Bencrafts footman; I believe about the 21st or 22d of November last, my mistress lost a porridge pot, and cover, it was taken from the back door of the dwelling, it was on the fire by ten o'clock at night, it had dogs victuals in it and it was put outside to cool; we found it missing the next morning about eight o'clock; I found it in Mr. James's possession at Uxbridge, about a fortnight afterwards; I have sworn to it.


                  ISAAC
                   JAMES
               



             sworn.
The pot was brought to sell, by one Mrs. 
               
                  Sarah
                   Bonsell
               



            , I cannot particularly tell the day, it was a Thursday; it was in my possession a fortnight or three weeks, before it was claimed by Mr. Midwinter, and was delivered to Matthews.


                  SARAH
                   BONSELL
               



             sworn.
Langly brought it to me, and said it belonged to a poor woman that was sick, and could not get out of her bed; and I went and sold it to Mr. James; I cannot tell the name of the poor woman he mentioned; I have known him before, he lived at Hillingdon, I lived at Uxbridge; I carried it to Mr. James's, and I sold it for 6 s. when I brought him the moneyback, I chastised him, and asked him if the pot was honestly got, he said it was, he did not like to carry it to sell, it was more fitter for a woman to do, than for he.


                  GEORGE
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, the prisoner came to me on Friday, and asked me if I wanted him, I told him I did, he said he came to deliver himself up, and there he was all night, and then I delivered him up to the magistrate, I have kept the pot in my possession ever since it was carried to the justice's by James, and after he was examined it was put into my possession. (Produced and deposed to.)
Court to Midwinter. Where did that back door open to? - It opened facing the gardens.
Prisoner. I found a bundle of wood in a ditch, and I took the bundle of wood out, and then I saw the pot was underneath there; I told that woman that I found it, and she said she would go and sell it for me, she went and brought me 4 s.
Bonsell. I gave him 6 s.
Prisoner. Did not you tell me that Mr. James had given you 4 s. and if that would not do he would return the pot? - No, I did not.
Court to Bonsell. He says you know him, what is his character? - I cannot justly say, what he does for his bread, nor nobody else I believe.
Midwinter. He never would stick at any thing, now and then he would do a day's work, and that is all.
Court to James. What passed between you and the woman, when you bought the pot, she said she brought the pot, and that it belonged to a poor woman at Hillingdon, I gave her 6 s. for it, the prisoner came again to me afterwards and said I had given a bad shilling, which I knew I had not.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
