





207. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DUKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Margrave
                        




                     
                  , about one in the night, and feloniously stealing therein twenty-four yards of Turkey gauze, value 25 s.
             the property of the said 
               
                  Thomas
                   Margrave
               



            .


                  THOMAS
                   MARGRAVE
               



             sworn.
I am a dresser and dyer of silk
, in Goodman's-fields


: the house was not broke open; it was taken from the factory, which adjoins it; a brick building, which abuts to one end, and actually joins it. The piece of gauze that I lost I saw before the magistrates at Guildhall on the 29th of March.
Did you know the gauze you saw there? - I did. There was a pane of glass broke of the factory; I did not see it the night before, nor the pane taken out, till after I returned from the City magistrates at Guild-hall: the room is a stoving room, where the goods are dried, and that room has glass windows, small panes; and one small pane was taken out, by which they could take away the piece of gauze.
Then you knew nothing of this burglary till after some days, when you was before the magistrate? - No.
What time do they go to work in this factory? - Sometimes at three, but never after five, in the morning; our regular hour of coming away is eight o'clock in the evening; they that belong to this room go away sometimes at seven, eight, or nine, especially this time of the year, when overwork is done: they are hung up here, on tenter-hooks, on one side of the window.
Is it not possible for a man, with a little ingenuity, in the day-time, to break a glass, while your people are at work, and yet they not see him? - They may.


                  JOHN
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable: on Monday night, the 28th of March, about three o'clock, rather Tuesday morning, going round my walk, I observed the prisoner, in Grub-street, at a door, with a bundle under his arm; I asked him what he had got there; he said, some handkerchiefs; I asked him how he came by them; he said, he gave five shillings for them; I took from him this gauze, and took him to the watch-house, and gave the gauze to Elden; on Tuesday I took him before a magistrate.
Jury. Did the prisoner make any resistance? - No.
- ELDEN sworn.
I am constable of the night; I received the gauze of the last witness, who brought it to the watch-house, and have kept it ever since; I am sure that is the man he brought in with the gauze.


                  WILLIAM
                   NEGUS
               



             sworn.
I was present when Newman took the prisoner with the gauze.
(The gauze produced, and deposed to by Mr. Margrave, who had but four pieces of that kind of goods.)

Was there any vacancy where this hung? - There was: this was the only piece hanging up; I had seen it there the preceding evening; I found it at the magistrates, with my mark upon it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I came out of the country, and have a wife and four children; she has some friends living in Grub-street; I was coming home to Grub-street from the Borough, and on London-bridge a man asked me to buy this gauze, he asked me 10 s. 6 d. I told him I had not so much money in my pocket, I had but 5 s. I gave it him, and went to Grub-street; my wife was not there; I wanted to get a lodging, but could not; I saw an opening where I thought I might lie down there, where I went to sleep, and these people took me.




               GUILTY (aged 22) of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
