





390. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BLYTH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, two silk gowns, value 20 s. two silk petticoats, value 12 s one linen gown, value 10 s. two shifts, value 4 s. one silk cloak, value 2 l. one muslin apron, value 2 s. one linen and one laced apron, value 6 s. two gold mourning rings, value 20 s. one silver table spoon, value 6 s. one silk handkerchief, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Fearnsworth
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   FEARNSWORTH
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 2, Lant-street, Borough


. I was robbed last Sunday morning; I was in bed: the prisoner was my servant and companion
, and had been with me seven weeks, last Friday: I called Mrs. Blyth, Mrs. Blyth, and knocked against the wainscot; nobody answered; I missed her clothes, for she slept with me; I missed my best cloak, and things from the drawer: I called Mrs. Sutton down; I took a tea-board which was on my box, and removed it; and my things were found on her; she went out about ten minutes after eight: I desired Mrs. Sutton to call on my son; he went after her; I never saw her till now; I have recovered a good many of my things; all the things in the indictment were in my house immediately before; I have known her before, and thought she was an honest woman.


                  PETER
                   MAYNE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. This lady's son came to me, and gave me information: I went with him in a coach to Peter-street, Westminster, and then to Peter-street, Soho; and up stairs, in the house of one Lloyd, I apprehended the prisoner; I got there about eight, last Thursday night; I found her there, up one pair of stairs, and upon searching a chest which she claimed, I found these pair of stays, and these things; she gave me the key of the chest; on searching her pockets, she dropped this box on the floor, which contained this gold ring; in her right hand pocket I found another gold ring, which is here; and in the chest, I found this spoon; she was committed.
Prosecutrix. One is my sister's and the other my husband's, which I had in my box; here is their names in them; these things are all mine, and many more that she has pawned.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Three weeks ago last Friday, Mrs. Fearnsworth brought this little box to me; and she said I had four rings in 
this, and two I gave away, because my son's wife shall never enjoy them; I give you these two rings; so on Sunday night, when we went 
to bed, she said she would give me all the rest of the things, that her son's wife might not wear them after she was dead; the silver spoon is my own; I have had it these many years.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
