





170. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROWLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault, in the King's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           St. Barbe
                        




                     
                  , on the 1st of March
, and putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, a metal watch, value 5 l. a watch-chain, value 3 d. a watch-key, value 1 d. and a seal set in gold, value 10 d. his property
            .


                  ALEXANDER
                   ST
               



            . BARBE sworn.
I am a gentleman
: I know nothing of the prisoner: between two and three o'clock at noon, going by Somerset-house


, on the 1st of March, walking up towards Westminster, there was a large mob of people in the street, some of which hustled me very much, and struck me with their hands against my arms; at last, they got my watch, and ran away with it: I did not observe the prisoner at the bar among the croud.
Did you make any resistance? - I could not, there was such a number of them about me, and they kept up my hands; I felt them pull it out of my pocket.


                  JOSEPH
                   CREEDLAND
               



             sworn.
I am one of Sir Sampson Wright's patroles: on the 1st of March we were walking before the charity children of the Welsh society, in the Strand, just before three o'clock; I saw a gentleman hustled; I ran up, and saw the prisoner pull the watch out of the gentleman's pocket, and apprehended him immediately; I laid hold of his arm, and he had it in his hand; he let the watch drop; I stooped to take the watch; in doing which he sprung out of my hand; I then cried out, stop thief! and followed him, and retook him before he was out of my sight.
Prisoner. I was going along the Strand at this time, and these two men came up and laid hold of me, and said I had taken the gentleman's watch.
(The watch produced, and deposed to.)




               GUILTY of stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
