





262. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     DEAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Buckey
                        




                     
                  , on the 24th of January
, about the hour of seven in the evening, and stealing an alarm clock, value 15 s. a stand for a watch, value 2 s. a pair of metal watch cases, value 4 s. and a silver tea-spoon, value 2 s. his property
            .


                  JOHN
                   BUCKEY
               



             sworn.
I am a watch maker
; on the night of the 24th of January, being Sunday, I went out, and left my house, no one being within: and I suppose the robbery was done about six o'clock in the evening; and I came home about seven, and found my house broke open, and my things gone; the things mentioned in the indictment.
Court. How soon did you see them again? - The same evening, at the beadle's house. I am not certain of the man; but the officer produced the things that I lost.


                  BENJAMIN
                   ABRAHAMS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; on the 24th of January, on a Sunday, about seven o'clock, 
               
                  Robert
                   Dean
               



             was coming along with two other men; he is a sailor
; it was about three minutes walk from the place of the robbery; I and the beadle of our parish pursued them, 
               
                  Robert
                   Dean
               



             having a bundle under his jacket: I asked him what he had there? he said it was not my business, and ran off about five or six houses, where was a turning; I was close after him; he ran against a post that stopped him; I then got up to him, and laid hold of him; he rented his jacket open himself, and out dropped this watch stand; I held him fast with one hand, and picked up the watch-stand with the other; he rented himself from me; I went over to the publick-house; he made a blow at me towards my head, with his fist; I struck at him with my scabbard, and into the public-house I went with the things; and in about a minute, the prisoner came in with his trowsers and his jacket turned inside out: the public house is opposite just where I picked up the things; we said to him, it was no use to hide himself, as we knew him so well; we then took him into custody; and in going to the watch-house, I told him it was very lucky the cutlass had the scabbard on, as I might have cut his arm off, he said I had not hurt him; and the beadle of the parish can witness the same. I and the beadle went and searched his room, and found his trowsers, a great pair; his room is close to the spot where I attacked him; I took a lanthorn, and took up this alarm-bell: when we went back to the watch-house, he asked for his trowsers, for he was perished with cold; he got into the necessary of the watch-house, and we gave them him: there were two people who saw him about the same spot.
Prisoner. It is all false what he says.


                  RICHARD
                   BARNETT
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of Justice Staples's; on the 24th of January, on a Sunday evening, about seven, I was coming past the prosecutor's door, and I saw the prisoner and two others; I asked them what they had done? they said nothing particular: I am sure it is the same person.


                  JOHN
                   RILEY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer: on the 24th of January, Sunday evening, between six and seven, turning out of Ratcliffe Highway into Wellclose-square, I saw the prisoner and two others standing lurking under a shoe-maker's shop window, the distance of five or six yards from the watch-maker's shop; I went by, and went to a public house; and in about half an hour, I heard the cry of a house being broke open; Iimmediately went down, and saw the prosecutor's window broke open, and the door; it is a half sash door.
Court. Was there any covering? - Yes, shutters; but I know not whether they were on when the house was broke open; the pane was taken out; it was about ten minutes after seven.


                  JOB
                   FIELD
               



             sworn.
I am the beadle: about seven, Mr. Abrahams and I saw the prisoner and two others; we ran after him; I ran after him, and he dropped these things: it was about two or three minutes walk from the place where the robbery was done; we went over to the public-house, and he came in with his jacket on; we saw him directly; and Mr. Abrahams and I took him to the watch-house; and Mr. Abrahams observed to him, it was well his lash was not open, as it would have cut his arm off; he said he was very glad it was.
(Mr. Buckey deposed to the alarm clock being in his house when he went out, and to the watch-stand and the dial case, and the pair of hands.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
About six o'clock in the afternoon, I came from my friends where I had been to supper; and going along, I went into a publick-house, and there Mr. Abrahams told me of the robbery; and told me if I knew any thing about it, I should have a share of forty pounds.



               GUILTY
             of stealing (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
