





50. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WOOD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of November
 last, an handsaw, value 5 s. and a pannel saw, value 10 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Mead
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HORSEFIELD
               



             sworn.
I am a builder, I live in Berner-street; on Saturday the 8th of November, on Monday morning the men were at work at a building in Upper Newman-street


; soon after I had unlocked the door at six o'clock, they returned to me and said they could not go to work, their tools were stolen; on the 23d of the same month, it was a little past seven in the evening, I was going to lock up the door, and after I had locked it, I staid a little time, and I heard a noise in the area, goes forward, and sees a man in the area, with some saws in his hand; I immediately jumped into the area to the man, and lays hold of him, with some tools on him; he made some struggle to get away. I told him he might depend on it I should not quit him; he had these things in his hand together, we got out of the area together, I took him to the public-house nigh, and I said to him, I believe you are the villain that stole the tools about a fortnight or three weeks ago; he immediately made answer and said, I am; then said I, you have them about you, or have the duplicates; he immediately put his hand in his pocket, and produced thirty-nine duplicates; I asked him if these were all stolen tools, and he said they were.
Had you promised him any thing to confess? - I did not; I took him to the Rotation-office, and there I was bound over to prosecute, but not with these men, I have none of the duplicates in my possession except three; these goods of Mr. Mead's were traced by himself.
What became of that duplicate that applied to Mr. Mead's saw? - I have it now.


                  JOHN
                   HOVACK
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to Mr. Edward Wooding, a pawnbroker, I am pretty sure the prisoner is the man I took in this saw from; I lent two shillings on it, Rhode and another came and asked me if we had any goods in the name of 
               
                  Henry
                   Wood
               



            , (the duplicate produced) I have not the least doubt but he is the man.


                  JOHN
                   RHODES
               



             sworn.
I work for Mr. Horsefield, I received a duplicate of him, and I took it down to Mr. Wooding's, the pawnbroker's, and a saw was produced.
(The saw deposed to by 
               
                  Isaac
                   Mead
               



            .)
The prisoner called four witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
