





649. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August
 last, a watch, with the inside case made of metal, and gilt with gold, value 1 l. 11 s. 6 d. and various other things
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Snape
                  




               
            .



                  EDWARD
                   SNAPE
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was a servant
 in the house: he left the house the day of the robbery: and some things were missing.


                  CATHERINE
                   SNAPE
               



             sworn.
On Thursday, the 5th of August, I missed my watch: the outside case was never out of my hands.


                  SOPHIA
                   FONLEROY SNAPE
               



             sworn.
I gave information of the watch being gone: it has since been found: two of the boxes had the hasp in the lock, and the things mentioned in this indictment were missing: I never saw any of them since, but a pair of silk stockings and a watch, in the hands of 
               
                  James
                   Weston
               



            , the constable.


                  JAMES
                   WESTON
               



             sworn.
On Sunday morning, the 8th of August, I apprehended the prisoner: I asked him if he had not got a watch to sell: I saw him at a public-house, in Speenham-land, near Newbury, Berks: he offered to sell it for half-a-guinea I asked him how he came by it: he said very honestly, and had sold the outside case, being drove to distress: he said it was metal, and he had sold it for twelve shillings: I said he must be mistaken: he said he gave a guinea and a half for the watch.
(The watch deposed to: valued at one guinea and a half.)
Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.




               GUILTY. Value 1 l. 11 s. 6 d.
            





               Transported seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
