





275. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MEREDITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of July
, fourteen shillings and two six-pences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Simms
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   SIMMS
               



             sworn.
I live in Bishopsgate-street


, I am a schoolmaster
; about five weeks since I was informed by my son he had lost several sums of money; I put about twenty shillings which I had marked into my own drawer, which my son uses occasionally, it was in a garret, next room to that in which the school was kept; I marked it with an iron stamp on the 2d day of July; I marked fourteen shillings and two six-pences; I marked one with a brad awl, the rest were marked alike, and all in the same drawer; I missed money on the 28th of June; this was the first time I missed twenty shillings, I put the twenty shillings into the drawer not more than an hour before they were gone; the fourteen shillings and two sixpences were missed in the space of an hour also; I called the prisoner into the parlour, and asked him if he had been into my son's room; and he denied it; upon which I sent for a constable, and told him to search: he had concealed the fourteen shilling and two six-pences wrapped up withinside his breeches, and he said there were three more concerned, that he was not alone, nor were any promises made to him; the constable has the money.


                  ROBERT
                   CLITHERO
               



             sworn.
I am a butcher and constable, I was sent for by Mr. Simms, the 30th of July, about two o'clock, I went to examine him, and he gave me this paper which contains the money.
(The money produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
To Simms. Did you lock the drawer? - I did, and it was forced open by this screwdriver; the constable found it in the schoolroom.


                  Robert
                   Clithero
               



            . The prisoner delivered the screw-driver to me, and told me he opened it with that instrument.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, I hope you will forgive me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 14.)




[Transportation. See summary.]


