





102. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     DOLPHIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, twenty two yards of prince's cord, value 3l. twenty-one yards of velveteen, value 4l. and a hempen wrapper, value 1s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Holt
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   HOLT
               



             sworn.
I live at the Axe inn, Aldermanbury, I keep the inn yard
; I have the care of the waggon business; I sent my servent down with a cart loaded with goods, on Saturday, his name is 
               
                  James
                   Prestman
               



            , I sent him to various parts of the City, it was the 11th of this month; there was a truss dircted to one Mr. Barber, in the Borough.
Q. Do you know what that truss contained? - Not till I saw it opened.

Q. What was the mark on it? - Nothing but that which corresponded to the way book.


                  JAMES
                   PRESTMAN
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Holt, I was sent with a cart loaded with goods on the 11th of January, I was sent to various places of the City, there was a truss directed to Barber, in the Borough.
Q. Did you deliver it to Mr. Barber? - No, I left it in Osborne-place, Brick-lane, I was coming through Brick-lane, and I called at the Three Compasses, Mr. Jenkins's, to get a pint of beer, looking through the window at the cart, I saw this prisoner get on the wheel, I saw him stoop down and take hold of the truss with his hands, and lift it out from the bottom of the cart to the rail, I ran to the door, and a man was holding the door when I came to it, that I might not get outside of the door.
Q. Did you see what man that was? - No, I did not, I gave the door a sudden plug, and pulled the door out of his hand, I ran out, and the prisoner left the truss on the copse of the cart, I took the prisoner into custody, and took him into the house.
Q. How long had the man hold of the door? - He might hold it for half a minute, when I got out I saw the prisoner leaving the truss on the copse of the cart, whether he took it from the cart and put it back again, I cannot tell, when I left the window, he had it in his hand.
Q. It was not in the same place as when you went out? - No, it was not.
Q. What did you do then? - The officer came, and I gave charge of him, the officer was 
               
                  John
                   Nowland
               



            , and I delivered the truss to 
               
                  John
                   Nowland
               



            .
Prisoner. Ask him whether he was sober? - I was. I had not had any thing but that pint of beer.


                  JOHN
                   NOWLAND
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of the police office, Whitechapel; at four o'clock on Saturday I was sent for to take charge of this man, and I took the prisoner into custody, and the truss, and I have kept it in my possession ever since.
Court to Holt. Can you swear that is the parcel that you delivered to your servant? - I can, it came from Manchester, it contains princes cord, and velveteen.


                  JOHN
                   LAMB
               



             sworn.
I am a chair-maker. This Saturday afternoon about four o'clock I went to get a pint of beer, and this carman had gone up into Osborne-place, presently he comes into the public house, and had not been half a minute before he runs against me, halloo! halloo! says he, I looks out of the window directly, I thought it was some accident, I looked through the window, and I saw the prisoner taking the truss from the copse, and he put it on again, on the copse.
Prisoner. I was coming from Bethnall-green, along Brick-lane, I went across the way to go into Angel-alley, Whitechapel, I came to the cart wheel, and these two men catched hold of me, and said that I had been up to the cart, and said that they would send me for a soldier directly, it was just before dark.
My witnesses were here all yesterday, and they were to be here to night, but I did not know that my trial would come on.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
Armstrong to Court. His real name is Joseph Robins, he was transported about eight years ago, and sent to the hulks.
