









556. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILSON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SAGGERS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WARD
               




            , and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  YOUNG
               




            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of September
, a deal box, value 3s. a pair of boots, value 10s. two pair of shoes, value 2s. a pair or breeches, value 2s. a pair of cotton drawers, value 12d. two under waistcoats, value 2s. a waistcoat, value 2s. a cloth coat, value 2s. 6d. a dressing-gown, value 10s. five pair of cotton stockings, value 5s. six linen shirts, value 42s. thirteen muslin cravats,value 13s. two cotton night-caps, value 6d. two net caps, value 2d. five pocket-handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d. a hat, value 2s. two razors, value 5s. a shaving-box and brush, value 12d. a cribbage-board, value 12d. a pack of cards, value 2d. and a cork-screw, value 3d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Remnant
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   REMNANT
               



             sworn. - I live at Kentish-town. On the 15th of September I came into town with two ladies in a post-chaise, over Blackfriars-bridge, with a box and trunk fastened to the front of the chaise: we stopped in Hatton Garden to set down one of the ladies; we all got out of the chaise, and were taking leave of the lady that we sat down; we got into the chaise again, and I directed the boy to drive us the nearest way to Kentish-town; he drove to the bottom of Hatton-garden


, and, as I conceived he was going wrong, I called to him; he turned down Hatton-wall, into Portpool-lane, and into Gray's inn lane; the boy there called to me, and said, Sir, I am afraid the luggage is loose; I told him to draw up and fasten it; he drew up, and I immediately missed the box; the trunk remained.
Q. Is the boy here? - A. No.
Q. How soon after did you see any of your things? - A.This was on the Saturday evening; I saw part of them again on the Monday, the 17th, at the Rotation-office, in Hatton-garden.


                  NICHOLAS
                   BOYLSTONE
               



             sworn. - On the 15th of September I was going up Hatton-garden about half past nine o'clock; I saw a post-chaise standing at a door, and a lady getting into it, and the door open, with two trunks or packages before. I saw several persons standing at a little distance; after this the chaise passed me, and several people were running on each side of the way, to the number of a dozen; the chaise stopped, and after that went up Hatton-wall; the men were then checked, and one of them was very near down; they turned down Hatton-wall, I passed on through Hatton-wall, into Portpool-lane; I had not been in it a minute, when the same men returned about the same number, one of them having a box upon his shoulder; I then gave notice at the Police-office; I then went back to where I had seen the chaise stop, and told the gentleman of it.


                  JOSEPH
                   INWARDS
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Hatton-garden: On the 15th of September, in consequence of information from the last witness, I and three more officers, Chapman, Rose, and Oburn, went in pursuit; we went from one public-house to another to see if we could find them, we went to a suspicious house, the Sun, in Vinegar-yard, Red-lion-street, Clerkenwell; I went into the kitchen, and saw the prisoners Saggers, Young, and Ward; we were going to secure them, and they all made a rush past us, but I secured Ward, and another officer secured Wilson; I brought Ward into a box; we searched the house, but could not find the rest; we suppose they got out at the top of the house; we found in the kitchen where they were a great number of things tied up in an apron.
Q. How far was that apron from the prisoners? - A. In the same room, but I cannot say that any of the prisoners were near to it; Chapman was the first in the room; I afterwards took Lee; when we went into the room, there were some papers burning in the fire; we saw a part of them, which I believe the prosecutor can identify.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROSE
               



             sworn. - I went with the last witness and two other officers, to the Sun; Wilson made a rush out; I had a struggle with him, and my brother officer, Chapman, assisted me, and we secured him; then Ward was brought to us by Inwards out of the kitchen; I did not see any more, because I was guard over them; I afterwards saw the things tied up in an apron, upon the table; when we were taking Ward from the box in the taproom, there was a razor, and a handkerchief, and a neckcloth dropped from him on the ground.
Q. Might it not come from any other of the prisoners? - A. No, there was no other person near. On the Monday morning I apprehended Saggers; there had been some papers burning in kitchen range; we found them quite hot.
Prisoner Ward. There were several people in the box besides me.
Rose. There was nobody but myself and brother officer.


                  WILLIAM
                   CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; I did not go in till after Ward was brought out of the kitchen; I stopped Wilson; I found the apron, containing the property, in the kitchen, behind the door, upon a press bedstead, (produces it; I saw nobody there that I can ascertain, but Ward and Wilson; when Ward was moved out of the taproom, here is a handkerchief, and neckcloth, and razor, which were under his seat where he sat; there was a fire, and papers burning, in the kitchen.


                  LEVI
                   OBURN
               



             sworn. - I cannot identify any body but Ward and Wilson; I saw a great number of papers burning in the grate; I found the property tied up in an apron upon the bedstead; I took these papers out of the fire. ( Produces some burnt papers).
Prosecutor. I packed up the box myself, there were two small books and tradesmen's bills that I had paid at Brighton.
Q. Look at these remnants of paper? - A. This is one of them; the neck handkerchief I can swear to, and to the initials of my name and the number; therazor is also marked, the pocket is marked in the same manner. (The property found in the apron was deposed to by the prosecutor, being most of them marked.)
Wilson's defence. - I went into the public-house to call for a pint of porter, and I was immediately laid hold of by these people, who made use of words very improper to mention, and treated me very ill.
Saggers's defence. Inwards said, at Hatton-Garden, that he could not take upon himself to swear to me.
Q.(To Inwards.) Did you say you did not know whether Saggers was there? - A. I swore that he was there.
Ward's defence. I went into the house to get a pint of beer, I know nothing of it; no man here can say I made any resistance.
Lee, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Wilson, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 21.)
Saggers, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 25.)
Ward, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 23.)
Young, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 19.)







               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
