





51. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of November
, eleven pair of cotton stockings, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Pearson
               




            .


                  MARTHA
                   CLEMENTS
               



             sworn. - I live with my son-in-law, 
               
                  Henry
                   Pearson
               



            , who is a hosier
, No. 445, the corner of Lancaster-court, in the Strand


: On the 1st of November, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was in the shop alone; the prisoner came in, and snatched a parcel of stockings off the shew-board in the window, and ran away with them; I went to the door, and called out stop thief, and he was brought back with the stockings in about three minutes.


                  JOHN
                   ATKINSON
               



             sworn. - On the 1st of November, coming up the Strand, I saw the prisoner come out of the prosecutrix's shop, with a bundle under his apron; the prosecutrix gave the alarm that she had been robbed of a parcel of stockings; I pursued the prisoner, and took him in Church-court; I saw him drop the stockings; Price picked up the stockings, and I brought him back to the shop.
 - PRICE sworn. - I am a waiter at the Blue Anchor, Church-court; I saw the prisoner drop the bundle of stockings and picked them up; I delivered them to a person that stood by, and went about my business; I don't know who the person was.
Q. (To Atkinson.) Who were the stockings delivered to? - A. I don't know; the stockings that were brought back to the shop. were the same Price picked up; they were delivered to the constable.(The constable produced the stockings, and they were deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 17.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
