





447. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TOUSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of August
, twenty gallons of rum, value 20l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .(The case opened by -)


                  ROBERT
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
Q. Did the prisoner live with you? - Yes, eight or nine months.
Q. In consequence of any information, what steps did you take to discover this robbery? - On Sunday the 9th of August, I took 
               
                  William
                   Martin
               



             with me up stairs to a room where the prisoner lay; I asked which was his box?
Q. Did you search any box? - I did. I undrawed the nails. It was my box that the prisoner made use of.
Q. In searching the box what did you find? - A great coat and ten empty bladders in the pockets, and one bladder half full, makin, eleven bladders in the whole; a square case bottle, empty; a funnel, and a rope. I nailed the box up again, and sent the boy to Mr. Singleton, the person who recommended the prisoner to me; as soon as he came I asked for the prisoner at the bar; the servant told me he did not come in all night. I went away before he came in.
Q. Your house has two street doors? - It has; one opens into St. Mary-hill, and the other in Little Tower-street. I locks all the doors but that in St. Maryhill; I did it that morning; and I shewed Mr. Single on the condition of the box. I then told the servants if he came in in any time, for the maid to go to the country house, and the two servants to watch the door, at my neighbour's, which I had asked my neighbour's leave.
Q. This was Sunday. What time did you return on Sunday? - Between seven and eight in the evening; Mr. Singleton met me.
Q. Which of your servants did you find at home? - Touse, the prisoner at the bar; nobody else. I looked up for the two servants watching, and they came down and came over along with me.
Q. What became of the key of the street door in Tower-street? - I locked that up.
Q. On your coming in, did any thing pass between you and the prisoner? - I told him that I wanted him, and told him I must go to business, I wanted him up stairs. He came up stairs along with me, and I asked him for the key of that trunk.

Q. Was that the same trunk in which you had made the discovery the morning before? - It was. He hesitated, but opened it; I told him I knew the contents of it before; he began to rummage his box with his hands; I told him to stand off, I would examine it again. I lifted up one great coat, which I found very heavy with a bladder in each pocket, full of rum; I lifted up the other, and that was the same; there was a case bottle that was full; there was nothing in this box, of clothes, but the great coats, neither morning nor evening; I asked him what he had done with the empty bladders which I had found in the morning, in the pockets? he told me he burnt them; I told him that answer would not do for me; I desired my servant, Wootton, to go for a constable; he downed on his knees and begged I would forgive him that time; I told him it would not do. I asked him what he was going to do with the rum? he said it was for his own use; I told him it was a very large quantity. The constable came, and I gave charge of him, and I see him myself in the Compter. When I returned home, I desired the men to search after the other bladders. In that bed room where the servants lay, the dressing place, two were found full of rum; we found them all in the night, the eight other bladders we found round the house; I was in the house, but I did not see them pulled out.
Q. What quantity of rum was there altogether? - Upwards of twenty gallons, twenty-three or twenty-four gallons.
Q. With regard to the state of this rum, was it likely to be met with in the market? - Not at all; it was Jamaica rum just put into a large vat the over night, and which was not fine by Sunday morning; it was unfit for sale for a day or two.
Q. Did you gauge to see what was lost out of the vat? - I did not. I ordered a sample to be taken from the vat and a sample from the bladders, and I tried them with the hydrometer. There were upwards of two thousand gallons put into the vat the over night; the rum was exactly the same quality, the same degree of strength, and the same foulness.
Q. Where was this vat kept? - In the cooperage; and no one could get at it but by going in at the trap door over the vat; there was no other way of getting at the rum in the vat.
Q. You told us that you found a rope and funnel in his box; by the assistance of that rope could any vessel be let down to reach the vat? - Certainly.
Court. You have never been able to state exactly the quantity that was lost? - No, we could not tell what we put in.
Mr. Jackson. I believe you are a considerable dealer in this article you describe? - Yes.
Q. The prisoner was in a situation of the utmost confidence? - He was a clerk in my house for nine months; he was what they call a posting clerk.
Q. In that situation, among other cares, he had that of notes and bills to a considerable amount? - Very seldom, sometimes he might.
Q. You, of course, kept your valuables in a safe? - I did.
Q. Did it happen that in any acts of confidence the prisoner had the key occasionally? - Never, only of the outer door; never had the key of the iron chest, only where the books lay.
Q. On these occasions, when you have trusted bills and notes, and other valuable effects of that description to his care, have you had any reason to suspect his fidelity? - None.
Q. I believe he had the good fortuneto be well recommended to you? - By a gentleman that I know.
Q. Now, sir, another question. In your wholesale line of business, does it not happen sometimes to clerks, and to different servants in that situation, to deal privately and by retail among their friends? - I don't know. I don't allow it, and I have been thirty years in trade. I never heard of one in my life.
Q. Have you not learned it from your brethren in trade, as a common practice, that such servants do so? - I have not.
Q. You are perfectly aware that in such an article as rum, there is a very large trade carried on by sinugglers? - I know nothing about it.
Q. Do you believe that smugglers deal in rum? - I don't know that they do.
Q. I would ask you whether you ever did keep your rum either in bladders or in case bottles? - I never did.
Q. Without asking you as to smugglers, are there not subordinate traders in your way who do keep their liquors in bladders and case bottles? - I never heard of it in my life; it is not a proper thing to keep it in.
Q. When you opened the box on Saturday, you had waved the little ceremony of a peace officer, and in the presence of the prisoner? - I took my little boy with me. It is not his box, it is mine; but he kept the keys without any liberty of mine.
Q. On Sunday, by your description, you set a pretty assiduous watch over him, and left no one person in the house but himself? - I ordered them all away.
Q. One other little plan was that of ringing very frequently at the door, to know what part of the house he was in? - I know nothing of that.
Q. Is it a usual thing to leave your house with only one servant? - Never before without two, one clerk and one maid.
Q. Did you learn from your servant that any person rung in the course of the day? - I did.
Q. He might have gone out, in point of fact, in the course of the day? - Yes; but he could not lock the door after him.
Q. On Sunday night, when you described to him that you must now go about business, he readily gave you the key, and was about to examine the box himself? -He did not readily give the key.
Q. Although you was assiduous enough to form this extensive scheme of his apprehension, it did not happen for you to gauge the vat to see whether any was lost or not? - I could not.
Q. In the first place, how much migl you find in the box of your's? - Four bladders full, and the case bottle full.
Q. Where did you find the other bladders? - I did not find them; the servants found them; two were in the room where he lay, in a dressing table.
Q. Did any other person sleep in that room? - Yes, two more.
Q. Then if they had been equally disposed, the rum might have belonged to them? - I don't know nothing about it.
Q. How many servants have you? - Three lay in the house, and three out of the house; I have about eight servants in all.
Q. As to the proof of the Jamaica rum, there may be much about town in the same state and strength? - I mean to say this of that rum that was in this vat, there was none besides this in that state.
Q. If another dealer in rum should put Jamaica rum, on Saturday night, into his vat, it would be as foul on Sunday morning? - It might be as foul, but not the same degree of strength. It is not imported from the West Indies in the state I put it in, it is lowered.
Q. Then whether other merchants lower their liquors to exactly the same tone,you cannot tell; but may it not happen to be that others may lower it the same as you yourself? - To be sure.
Q. Will not putting rum in bladders and keeping it there, make it of a souler description than if it was kept in another place? - I know nothing of keeping it in bladders.
Q. Has it happened to you to learn of those that you set to watch, that the prisoner, when he came in on Sunday morning, came in with a bundle under his arm? - I don't know that.
Q. When the prisoner fell on his knees did not he implore that you would not accuse him wrongfully, nor risk his character? - He begged for mercy, and hoped as it was the first time, that I would forgive him.
Q. If it had turned out that you found him selling smuggled rum, would you not have turned him away? - I certainly should.
Court. You say you left him in the house alone? - I did, for that purpose, to see what he would do.
Q. Could he have gone out and shut the door either with the key or the latch? - There was no latch on the door, only two bolts and a chain.
Q. So it was impossible for him to go out without leaving the door open? - It was, which I told the other people, if he went out to take care of the door.


                  WILLIAM
                   MARDLE
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you was a fellow servant with the prisoner? - I was.
Q. On Saturday night tell us what past? - I went up with Mr. Jones and examined the box that Touse's things were in; we found in it eleven bladders, one of them might have about two quarts in it, somewhere thereabouts.
Q. How were the other ten? - Empty, most of them in his two coat pockets, which were in the box; there was a square case bottle, two sample vials which had some liquor in them, there was a funnel and a cord.
Q. Did you see Touse the next morning, Sunday morning? - Yes, I did.
Q. What time did he come home? - Near about eleven or twelve o'clock.
Q. Did you stay at home that day? - I did not. I believe we all went out and left Touse by himself. Mr. Jones gave me charge to go over to the opposite house in St. Mary-hill, and watch, to see who went out and went in.
Q. Was Wootton a fellow servant of your's? - Yes. I believe he went home; he came to me about six o'clock in the evening.
Q. Did you watch? - I did. There were three people came to the door, one was the milk girl, and another was a person with a pair of shoes, which Touse took in, and the other was a person that came to enquire for one of our maid servants.
Q. When your master came home, what time was it? - Between eight and nine o'clock. Wootten, and me, and Mr. Singleton, and Mr. 
               
                  Jones
               


             all went in together; we all went up stairs, into the room where the prisoner was; he was cooking a beef steak; Mr. Jones told him he must proceed to business, and he must come into the other room; that was the room where we sleep, and where the box was found.
Q. Did you sleep in that room? - Yes, and Wootten.
Q. Did you go into that room? - I did, and all of us. Mr. Jones asked the prisoner for the key; which, I believe, he produced, and the box was opened; we found two great coats in it, and a bladder in each pocket of his great coats; four bladders; Mr Jones, I believe, took hold of the coats first; they were full, and the case bottles full. The prisoner came down on his knees and hoped Mr.Jones would forgive him; and said, it was only for his own private use. Mr. Jones told Wootten to go for a constable, and Mr. Jones told him to follow him down stairs, which was before the constable came; we went into a small room, when the constable came I went for the coach, and they went away; I stopped behind.
Q. Did the prisoner say how he had come by the rum? - No, he did not. Mr. Jones asked him what he had done with the remainder? He said, he had burnt them, as he was in fear something would be found out; that was when we were in the room up stairs. We found six or seven bladders more that evening; we found two in the same room where the box was, and four more about the premises, in a house that was in the yard; they were covered up with shavings; they all contained rum.
Mr. Jackson. Were you one of those that let the prisoner in on Sunday morning? - I was. He brought a bundle, under his arm.
Q. You was one of those that was set to watch the whole of the Sunday? - Not the whole of it.
Q. Was you relieved that day? How many watchman might have been on this poor fellow that day? What was your hour of duty? What time did you finish? - I came there about half after one, and staid there till Mr. Jones came home.
Q. Then of course you see these three persons. Did they wait a long time at the door? - They waited about five minutes or thereabouts, as the kitchen was up three pair of stairs.
Q. Has it ever happened to leave this man, or any other person in the sole possession of the house before? - I think it has.
Q. Were you one of those that told the prisoner that you was to go out that day yourself, and you would thank him, if he would be so good as to take care of the house? - I did not, it was my turn to go out.
Q. Then we have got the eight bladders to six, I believe; two about the room and four about the premises? - Yes, and another we found two or three days after.
Q. How many servants does your master keep about the premises? - Four in the house, and two clerks out of the house.
Q. Which of them servants the bladders belonged to you can have no idea? - I don't know whom the bladders belonged to.
Q. Don't you know that servants to distillers and liquor merchants deal privately among their friends? - I don't know of any such thing.
Q. Don't you recollect of having heard of such a thing? - I do not.
Q. When you came home you did not find the prisoner concealing the rum, but cooking a beef steak? - He was.
Q. This person was in the situation of posting clerk? - He was.
Q. Rather a valuable and respectable situation in the house, I believe? - Yes.
Q. You never heard of Mr. Erwig's brother, your fellow servant, wanting that place? - Never.
Q. Mr. Hardwicke is one of your fellow servants? - He is.
Q. Mr. Hardwicke assisted the search? - He did not till after we found the last four bladders.
Q. Did not he say that he thought he could tell where it was? - No; he thought it was somewhere or other concealed.
Q. But has Mr. Erwig a brother? - I have heard him say that he has two brothers.
Q. Have not you heard him express a wish that he could possibly introduce him into Mr. Jones's service? - I did not.

Q. Suppose that rum should be put into a bladder, would it be as fine in that small quantity as it is in a large vessel in a body? - I cannot say that.
Q. Your's must be a mislerious business then. If it had happened that any of you, in a respectable and wholesale house like this, had been detected by your master dealing privately for yourselves, he would have thought it a great offence against him? - I suppose so.
Q. And if he had found you dealing in smuggled rum, he would have been more so? - I suppose so.
Q. You would naturally have intreated him to forgive you? - Very possibly.


                  JOHN
                   WOOTTON
               



             sworn.
Q. Were you desired to watch this door by your master - I was.
Q. Were you present when your master came home? - I was.
Q. You went up stairs with him to this room where the box was. When you came up there, tell us what past between your master and Touse? - Master asked him for the key of his box, on which he hesitated a little to give it him; Mr. Jones opened the box, and directly as he opens the box, Mr. Jones orders me to go for a constable.
Q. Did you see what was in the box? - I did afterwards. There were four bladders in his great coat pockets, two in each great coat.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner say any thing? - No. I went out of the room.


                  THOMAS
                   STAPLETON
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you as a friend to the prisoner at the bar, had recommended him to Mr. Jones's service? - Yes.
Q. Did you go with Mr. Jones on the Sunday evening, when this discovery was made? - I did. Mr. Jones said to him, we must go to business; and went to the bed room; he said to Touse, open that box. In that case Mr. Jones found four bladders, a case bottle vial, and, I believe, two or three vials full of rum. The prisoner seemed very much agitated, and he sell on his knees and asked pardon of Mr. Jones, hoping he would not hurt him; Mr. Jones finding his property, said, you shall go to the compter; he said, he hoped he would have mercy upon him. The constable came, and he was taken to the compter.
Q. Were you present when any of the bladders were found? - I was not.
Mr. Jackson. I understand that Touse, on being asked, opened the box readily enough? - He might have seemed a little confused.
Q. As any other smuggler would. You stated the sample vials; are there any servants allowed them by courtesy? - I never should think my servant had a right to them.
Q. You, perhaps, are also in the wholesale line of business. How long did that young man live with you? - He never lived with me at all.
Q. You are in the wholesale line of business; be so good to state candidly to the court, whether amongst you liquor merchants, servants do not deal for small quantities among their friends? - Not knowingly to me. I should not employ a servant that I knew did so.
Q. Is it your belief that there is such a practice? - I cannot say the fact as to that; I don't know of any such thing.
Q. Have you not heard conversation among your fellow trade that such things are? - I do not recollect that ever I did; and I will take my oath of it.
Q. Perhaps you know that smugglers do, in point of fact, deal in rum? - I never knew what smugglers do. I have heard tell of such things.
Q. Then, perhaps, you have heard the mode in which they convey it about town is either by bladders or case bottles? -It is a business I know nothing at all about.
Q. How long have you been in business? - I have been in business a dozen years.
Q. Will not rum put into bladders, appear fouler than that kept in casks? - No, I should think it would be the same brightness.
Q. Perhaps it was not in your hearing when this young man was offered to go for a soldier or sailor? - Yes, I heard the offer made before the Lord Mayor.
Q. And he preferred meeting the jury of his country.
Prisoner. I am innocent of that that is laid to my charge; and I shall leave it to my counsel to plead my cause. I bought the liquor for my own private use of a smuggler.(The rum produced by the prosecutor, and deposed to by the hydrometer, sight, and taste.)
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
