





98. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of January
, one woollen cloth wrapper, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Felchere 
                  Holyland
               




            .


                  THOMAS
                   JESSOP
               



             sworn.
I am a carman; I live at Felchere Holyland's, Goswell-street. I accuse the prisoner of stealing this wrapper; I caught him taking it out of the cart, and gathering it up as the cart went along; it was lapped up in the fore part of the cart; I did not see him in the cart; this young man did.


                  JAMES
                   HUBBARD
               



             sworn.
I am thirteen years old.
Do you know the nature of an oath; if you tell a lye, what becomes of you; is it a good thing or bad thing? - It is a very bad thing.
What do you know about the wrapper? I was going up Goswell-street, and saw 
               
                  John
                   Harman
               



             jump into the cart; and he jumped out again; he ran to the bundle, and took it from the fore part to the latter part.
Was any body with him? - No.
How was it, laying over the cart? - No, it was lapped up of a heap.
Court to Jessop. Was this wrapper lapped up? - It was.
When you was alarmed, what did you do? - I went and catched hold of the wrapper, and he ran off; I cried out stop thief! and ran and took him about fifteen yards off.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been to Westmorland-buildings with a grazier that I work with; coming along Goswell-street, I heard the cry of stop thief; so this man ran across the way, and caught hold of me, and accused me of stealing the wrapper.



               GUILTY
             (aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
