





474. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BUSKIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, three iron handled sifting-shovels, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  - Johnston
                  



               
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)
- HUSBAND sworn.
I am apprentice to Mr. Johnston; he is an ironmonger; I never saw the prisoner before the robbery; on the 27th of October I packed some goods; they are here; I sent them to Chester's key, to go on board the Sandwich hoy; I saw the things afterwards at the police office in Hatton Garden.


                  CHARLES
                   BAILEY
               



             sworn.
I received a parcel from the last witness to take to Chester's key; I lost it at Chester's key, in Thames-street


, I went to deliver another parcel, and returned and missed it.


                  WILLIAM
                   MULLINS
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol; I was one that stopped the prisoner last Saturday, in Cow-Cross; it is in St. Sepulchre's parish, in the county of Middlesex; I found the things on the prisoner, between seven and eight in the evening, and delivered them to Appleyard; I asked the prisoner where he was going; he said to No. 20 or 21, on Clerkenwell-green; he said he was employed by a porter; I took him into custody; he said they were frying pans.



                  THOMAS
                   APPLEYARD
               



             sworn.
I received the things from Mullins; I am a constable; I have kept them ever since.
Husband deposes to the goods.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming down Thames-street, and a gentleman said he would give me a shilling to take them to No. 21, Clerkenwell-green; I have no friend in the world.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.




[Transportation. See summary.]


