





19. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WOODHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of November
, five pieces of woollen cloth, value 2s. a cotton counterpane, value 2s. and two blankets, value 2s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Walter
                        



                     
                  ; and three cloth coats, value 2l. &c. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Cropper
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Mary
                         Walter
                     



.


                  MARY
                   WALTER
               



             sworn.
I am a widow
; I live at No. 28, Cannon-street, St. George's, Middlesex


; my house was robbed the 1st of November, on a Saturday; I take in washing to support myself and children, and a gentlewoman that I washed for came in about a quarter before six, which occasioned my door to be open, and presently I sent my little girl with the things, I sent her to Old Gravel lane, and a young man that lives with me went with my little girl to Old Gravel lane, and they locked the door after them, I heard it lock, it is a spring lock, I can take my oath of that; they went out ten minutes before six, and then directly after they were gone I heard a noise up in the chamber, and I was afraid of frightening myself, I thought it might be somebody in the next house; and presently I heard the door open, and I was convinced that if any body had been up stairs, I must see them come down, I had not the thought to open the street door, I was in the lower room on the ground floor; directly afterwards I heard something fall in the street, and then I thought to myself, there is some poor man has got his bundle knocked off his head, and I opened the street door, and then a gentleman said I was robbed, and the man set off directly, and cried out stop thief! he got up at the chamber window.
Q. Who cried out stop thief? - A strange gentleman, and I was afraid to leave my place, for fear of being robbed of what I had below; and presently, inless than ten minutes, it might be five minutes, the property was brought back again.
Q. What was the property brought back? five pieces of woollen curtains, one cotton counterpane, two woollen blankets? - Yes, they were my property.
Q. Were there any other articles brought back to you; three cloth coats, a woollen waistcoat, a pair of breeches, and a pair of linen trowsers? - Yes, they were the property of my lodger; after the things were brought back, he was brought into my house about ten minutes after the things, I do not suppose it was so much.
Q. What were done with the things that were brought back, have you the things? - Yes, the justice gave me that indulgence, to let me have the use of them, I have kept them ever since.
Q. You heard these people go out of the door, was the door open or shut before they went out? - It was kept open while the gentlewoman came for her things, while we were packing up.
Q. Then this door that this gentlewoman left open, was not shut till these two people went out? - It was not.
Q. Then it is possible that a person might have taken the opportunity while the door was open of getting up stairs? - Very easily. (The things produced.) On the counterpane there is a mark, Wissis. I know the curtains by the pattern.
Q. What may be the value of the five pieces of curtains? - I value them altogether for five shillings.
Q. What do you value the counterpane at? - At half a crown.
Q. What may be the value of the two blankets, do you know, they are your's? - I do, I value them at two shillings.


                  THOMAS
                   CROPPER
               



             sworn.
I am a lighterman and waterman
.
Q. Do you lodge with the widow, Mrs. Walter? - Yes, I do.
Q. Was you at home at the time the things were taken away? - I was not.
Q. See whether you know the things that are laid to be your's? - There is a coat that the sleeves are partly off, that I can swear to; here is another, here is a stain just on the lappel of it, here is another, it has a patch on the upper part of the pocket.
Q. What may be the value of these three coats? - About three and forty shillings, there is one almost a bran new one, which cost me two pounds ten shillings; there is a pair of linen breeches, I have wore them a long time, I value them at a shilling, a woollen waistcoat, two shillings; the trowsers are french made trowsers, two shillings.


                  FRANCIS
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I am a ship wright, I stopped the man at about a dozen yards from the house, I saw him drop the things; I heard the cry of stop thief.
Q. Had he any thing on him when you stopped him? - Yes, he had a bundle of clothes; he found that I was after him, and he dropped down the bundle and run down the street, I saw him drop the bundle, I never lost fight of him; one Mr. Ward picked up the bundle, but I did not see him, he is here.
Prisoner. I wish to know if he saw me drop it, and how far it was from the house.


                  JOHN
                   WARD
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - Yes, I have seen him.
Q. Did you see the prisoner near the house of the widow, Mrs. Walter? - I never see him till he was brought there, I picked the bundle up, I did not see him drop it, I heard the alarm of stop thief.

Q. Were was that bundle? - Near my back gate, within fifty yards of Mrs. Walter's premises; it was in the back lane where the bundle was.
Q. Did you see the man running at all? - No, I did not.
Q. What did you do with it? - I carried it back to Mrs. Walter.
Q. To Mrs. Walter. These things that you produce, were they all delivered to you by Mr. Ward? - Yes.
Q. To Ward. What are you? - A stable-keeper.
Q. You told me, Mr. Ward, that they were dropped in the back-lane, can you say particular where they were dropped? - Right opposite my own house.
Q. To Clarke. Do you know the house of Mr. Ward; was the bundle throwed down opposite his house? - I believe it was, it was in the back lane.
Prisoner. I was coming down Stepney, and as I was coming along the back lane there was this bundle laying there, and three women there asked who it belonged to? I told them I did not know, I was going to take it to the public house to see who it belonged to; and as I was going to take it to the public house, they hallooed out stop thief! and this man came in, and said, I was the man that robbed the house. I have no witnesses, they were here yesterday, but they have not come yet.
GUILTY,




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling house; to the value of 39s
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
