





528. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MANNING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 26th of May
, a cloth coat, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Gibbons
                  




               
            .
JONATHAN HAMMOND sworn. - I live at Mr. Gibbons's, woollen-draper
, No. 84, Oxford-street; I was sent home with a coat to Mr. Webb's, in Bolton-street, Piccadilly, on Saturday evening, the 26th of May, we did not know the gentleman, and I was to wait for the money for it, and turning round the corner of Bolton-street


, the prisoner met me, and said, you are going to Mr. Webb's, are you not? I told him, yes, I was; he said, he was come in a very great hurry from Mr. Webb, he had a key in his hand; he said, he was to take the coat, and I was to go to the great hotel place, where a great many coaches came to, facing the Green-park, I believe they call it the White-horse Cellar, I was to go there to ask for a parcel for Mr. Webb, and he was to take the coat to Mr. Webb; I gave him the coat wrapped up in a black wrapper; he asked me for the bill, and I gave it to him; I went to the White-horse Cellar, but there was no such parcel; then I came back to No. 10, Bolton-street, and Mr. Webb was not at home; I waited there, and was crying about the street, and asking the people; I went to No. 10, Bolton-row, to see if it was there, I was afraid to go home; a great while after that I called at No. 10, Bolton-street, again, and Mr. Webb was come home, and he went with me to Mr. Gibbons's; Mr. Webb had another coat made, and about a fortnight ago I was going with Mr. Gibbons into the country, Mr. Gibbons sent me home with a whole piece of woollen cloth, as much as I could carry; I went with it as far as the corner of Newman-street, in Oxford-road, and this 
               
                  John
                   Manning
               



             came up to me, and said, that he was sent from Mr. Gibbons's shop to take the cloth; it struck me directly that that was the man that took the coat from me; I was very near Mr. Gibbons's, and he said I was to go back again to the corner of Hanway-yard for a parcel, where the coaches stop; I said to him, should I take the cloth along with me for the parcel, and he seemed quite in a flurry; he said, oh, no, I must take the cloth, and you must go for the parcel; I had put the cloth down from my shoulders, and he had his hands upon it to take it, but I did not let it go; then I took hold of him by the collar, and told some gentlemen to stop him; with that he got away from me in a minute, and pulled his apron off and buttoned his blue lappelled coat; he did that just as he began to run, he run as bard as he could; I called out stop thief, and I ran after him as well as I could; he ran down Oxford-street as far as Berner's-street, he was stopped at the top of Berner's-street by this young man; I am sure he is the man that took the coat, I knew him directly when he came up to me when I had the cloth, I am sure he is the same man; I asked the people that had got him to bring him to No. 84, Oxford-street, facing Poland-street, and just by the door he was rescued; he ran down Poland-street, and there was a constable delivering a summons there, and he took him again; he was brought back to Mr. Gibbons's shop, and searched, they tied his hands with a piece of lift, and took him to the office, there was a rule found in his pocket, and some papers of his own, he was a carpenter.
Prisoner. What kind of a coat had I on? - A. In Oxford-road he had a blue coat on, when I saw him before he had no coat on, he had a jacket and an apron on; there was a boy saw him talking to me at Newman-street, and another boy, and I asked them to go to the office, and they said, no, they would be out of the mess.
Q. Are you sure he is the man that took the coat? - A. Yes; it was a good while ago, but I knew him as soon as ever he came up to me when I had the cloth.
BARNETT-
               
                  HENRY
                   BROWN
               



             sworn. - I live in London-street, Fitzroy-square.
Q. What are you? - A. A gentleman's son; I was coming down Oxford-road, I heard a cry of stop thief, I stopped this man, who was running, and told him it was for a coat, I searched his pocket for his apron, and he had not got it; he said, he would go back with me; the boy told me he had an apron on, but when I stopped him he had not.
Prisoner. Q. What coloured coat did the boy say I had on? - A. He said you had a brown coat on, he made several hesitations about it, he was not quite certain.
Q. What are you yourself? - A. A gentleman's son; my father is a Portugal merchant, and generally resides there, he has no business here, he transacts for Mr. Duff, in Finsbury-square.
Court. Q. The man was running when you stopped him? - A. Yes.

Q. How long has your father lived in London-street? - A. Seven years and a half.
Q. Who is your father's partner in Portugal? - A. I do not know, all his letters come in Portuguese, I do not know any thing of him, he is a steward, I believe.
Q. Steward to a merchant? - A. Yes.
Q. What part of Purtugal is it? - A.Somewhere in the North.
Q. What province in the North? - A. I cannot tell, I never heard the name mentioned.
Q. Mr. Duff is the correspondent? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you never hear the name of your father's partner there? - A. No.
Q. How old are you? - A.Eighteen.
Q. Where did you stop the prisoner? - A.At the corner of Castle-street, in Berner's-street.
Q. You did not stop him in Poland-street? - A. No.
Q. You have not told us a word of his running away? - A. A young man laid hold of him from me, and asked him what business he had to stop or be taken, and he ran away down Poland-street, and there he was stopped by a constable, and then I went back with him to the shop.
Q. (To Hammond.) Did you ever say any thing about his having a brown coat? - A. No; I went into the crowd, and said, it was a blue coat; this Mr. Brown has been to see him in Clerkenwell prison.
Brown. No, I have not; I went to see another person there, Bill Doyle, and then I saw him.
Hammond. At the time I was getting the bill, I could not find him, and he did not answer, and when he came back, he said he had been to see poor Manning, that he had got five children.
Court. (To Brown.) Q. I shall enquire your description - what is your father's name? - A. 
               
                  Bernardino
                   Escoffia
               



            , No. 40, London-street.
Q. How came you by the name of Brown? - A. That is my mother's name, and I put my own name besides, 
               
                  Bernard-Henry
                   Brown
               



            , my mother lives there too.
Q. And she goes by the name of Escoffia? - A. No, Mrs. Brown, he is my second father, he is not my first father.
Q. How came she to go by her first husband's name? - A. I was too young to know any thing about it; my first father was killed in a duel.
Q. What was your own father? - A. I do not know, I never heard.
Q. And you never enquired what he was? - A. No.
Q. Then of course you never enquired whether he died worth any money? - A. I did not.
Q. You may have a very large fortune for any thing you know? - A. I do not know indeed.
Q. And you are eighteen years of age? - A. Yes.
Q. Does your father speak English? - A. He can speak a little English, but he speaks more French; Mr. Gordon, No. 29, Percy-street, comes to him very often.
Prisoner's defence. I am an innocent man of this fact, I was going that way about some business, I am entirely innocent of it, I have a wife and five small children; I know nothing of it more than the child unborn.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 44.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
