





209. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CRISP
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Josiah 
                           Simcoe
                        




                     
                  , himself and others of his family being therein, about the hour of nine in the forenoon, on the 9th of February
, and feloniously stealing therein, an iron horse pistol, value 5s. the goods of the said 
                     
                        Josiah
                         Simcoe
                     



.


                  JOSIAH
                   SIMCOE
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 11, Osborne-street, near Ratcliff-highway, St. George's in the East


, I have a house there, it was broke open on the 9th of February, about nine o'clock in the morning, there was some knocking at my door, and I went to see what was the matter, and Mr. Robins, a near neighbour, had a pistol in one hand, and asked me if I had lost it? he had the prisoner in the other.
Q. Who was in the house at that time? - My wife, myself, and four or five children. Mr. Robins asked me if I had lost any thing? I told him I did not know that I had; he then asked me if that was my pistol? I turned into my front parlour and looked, and saw but one, and about ten minutes before there were two laying there, one was gone, and that was the pistol that Mr. Robins brought. We were then going to take the prisoner to the watch-house, and we met with an headborough, who took charge of him, and he was immediately conducted to the watch-house.
Q. In what condition did you find your house? - He must have lifted up the fash.
Q. Why do you think so? - I am sure it must be so, it lay within a foot of the fash window a few minutes before, the fash was put down again.
Q.Was it shut or open ten minutes before? - Shut.
Q. Was it fastened at all? - There was a brass screwed at the side of the window, so as to let in a little air, so that nobody could get in, it could be lifted up about four inches, and admit a person's hand, but nobody could get in.
Q. In what situation was your outer door before that time? - It was shut.
Q. How was it when you looked into your parlour ten minutes before? - It was shut then, I think they could not come in at the front door.


                  JOSEPH
                   ROBINS
               



             sworn.
On Sunday morning I was going along Portland-street, and I saw a lad who crossed the street to me, and he said Mr. Robins, them two are after no good, says he, they have been trying to get in at that window several times, with that I looked myself, and saw them try two or three times; the prisoner was one of the two; with this I was going to Harrington-street, towards where this lad lived; I said, if you see any thing call to me, in a minute the boy called out to me, Mr. Robins, that man has taken something, and got it under his coat; I went up to him very leisurely; says I, my lad, you shall come along with me back to that house; what house? says he; says I, to carry what you have taken out of that window; the other walked off, as unconcerned as any thing in the world, I had no suspicion, only making the man take it back; I did not think to have the trouble I have had with it. Then he puts down from his hand a pistol;and I said don't put it down there, give it to me; I knocked at the door, and the gentleman came; I said, is this your's? says he, there were two of them, he looked into the parlour, and said, there was but one; when the prisoner got into the parlour, he downed on his knees, and was going to say something, but he stopped and did not, and we were going to take him down to the watch-house, but we met the beadle, and gave him into the beadle's hands.


                  WILLIAM
                   ANNIS
               



             sworn.
On Sunday morning about nine o'clock, I was going to Captain Curling's for my pots, and I saw two men go two or three times to the window, I told Mr. Robins, he told me to stand by, and if they did any thing to call him, just as he turned, they took something out of the window, and I told him, and he went and catched hold of this man.
Q. Did you see either of them open the window? - I saw this here one open the window, they were both together, I saw him take something, I could not tell what at that time.


                  JOHN
                   DUNBAR
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of this month I was going along Ratcliff-highway, and I met these people with the prisoner, and I took him into custody, and the pistol, I have got it now.
Prosecutor. This is my pistol, it is worth five shillings.
Prisoner. On Sunday morning about nine o'clock, as I was coming from Wapping church, coming down Osborne-street, I saw this man go along with a pistol, and directly as I came to the top of the street, that gentleman, Mr. Robins came up to me, and took me back, and when I came back, near to this gentleman's house, Mr. Robins picked up this pistol, and said, I had no occasion to lay it down.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of breaking and entering, and of stealing, but under the value 1s.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
