





89. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     FALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of December
, twenty-four pounds weight of stone blue, value 16 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Sutton
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Keene
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Smith
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   KEENE
               



             sworn.
I live on Garlick-hill


, a manufacturer of stone blue and mustard


, my partners names are 
               
                  Henry
                   Sutton
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph
                   Smith
               



            ; we frequently missed the blue which we conceived must have been stolen; the prisoner at the bar worked for us about sixteen months, he worked more particularly in the manufactory of mustard, he managed the horses, the mills that manufactured the one did the other; but still the mustard-maker has no business with that part of the manufactory where the blue was manufactured; he might occasionally have worked at the blue, but he had not for some months past. On the 5th of November very late in the evening, Hall, a city constable, and another man called and told me they had him in custody; I attended the Lord Mayor's court and the property was there produced.


                  JAMES
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to the city. On the 5th of November last, near nine o'clock in the evening, I and some more officers were going up Petticoat-lane, we observed the prisoner at the bar with a bag on his shoulder, he stopped at the door of an iron shop, a suspicious house, we crossed over the way, went to him immediately and asked what he had got there; he said, he had got some blue; I asked him how he came by it; he said, he met a man and gave him 5 s. for it; I immediately took him into a public house close on the spot; I then asked him if he knew where to find the man; he said, no, I then asked him where he lived; he made no answer, but thathe worked on the Keys at different places; he hoped I should not detain him; I told him I must take care of him; immediately I then carried the blue and took the prisoner to the Compter, going to the Compter he said, it was his first offence and desired me to let him go.
- JOSTIN sworn.
I am an officer; I was in company with the last witness Hall and two more, on the 5th of November between eight and nine; going up Petticoat-lane I observed the prisoner at the bar with this bag on his shoulder at an old iron shop; I crossed over the way and took it off his shoulder and asked him what he had got; he said, he had got some indigo blue that he had bought of a man for 5 s. (Produced and deposed to particularly twenty-four pounds of it, having a particular mark and never sold in that state.)
Prisoner. My lord I would wish you to be as favourable as you can; I can say I know nothing at all of this, these men will swear my life away for the sake of the money.
Court. Your life is not in danger, but your liberty is.
The prisoner called one witness to his character,



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT
