





316. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     MORSE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 29th of August
, two pieces of printed muslin, value 40s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Bailey
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        George 
                        Sutherland
                     



                  , part of the goods of which 
                     
                        George
                         Johnson
                     



                   was, at the last Assizes for the County of Surrey, convicted of stealing, he the said Isaac knowing them to have been stolen
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys).(George-
               
                  Henry
                   Wilton
               



             produced an office-copy of the record, which was read).


                  BENJAMIN
                   BAILEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am in partnership with George Sutherland, at Carshalton, in Surry: We lost muslins, cottons, and dimities, from our bleaching-grounds, in August last.
Q.Were they put there for the purpose of bleaching? - A. They were.
Q. Have you seen some muslin that was produced in Surry, and that is now in Court? - A. Yes; that muslin is my property.


                  JOHN
                   LARBY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys.
Q. You were formerly a servant of Messrs. Bailey and Sutherland? - A. Yes: On Saturday night, the 26th of August, Johnson and I went down to commit the robbery; we went through the water, the grounds are by the water-side, and he desired me to bring some goods out, and he would stay there and watch; I went in, and brought out an armfull; then he and I both went in, and brought out more; we went to the stable and harnessed the horse and cart, and brought them to town. I lived then in Parson's-walk, Newington-butts; we hid them in a field, in a sack, in a ditch, except two pieces; we took them, about one or two o'clock in the day, to Isaac Morse's, he was not at home; when he came home, I asked him what he would give for it; he said, he would give a guinea and a half, a few shillings more or less; I told him we had got some more for him that was in a field. I went toJohnson, and gave him half of the guinea and a half.
Q.What was the quantity he had for a guinea and a half? - A. Two pieces of printed muslin; we got the rest away from the field, except twelve pieces, on the Monday in a coach; we took them to Bunhill-row, and the next day took them to Morse's he gave us eight guineas for them; the next day he told me he did not like to buy any more at his own house, if I would bring him any more, to bring them to the King's-head, or Queen's-head, in Old-street, he would buy some more; Robert Griffiths, and he and I, went there, we went into the parlour, there was nobody there but ourselves, and a little girl that brought us in some liquor.
Q. What was it you got for that parcel? - A. I think, a guinea and a half.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You had lived servant with Messrs. Bailey and Sutherland? - A. Yes.
Q. You were the author of this scheme of going to rob your masters? - A. No; I was ready to go as well as Johnson.
Q. You yourself were afterwards taken up? - A. Yes.
Q. You escaped from the jail? - A. Yes.
Q. You began to think you should be hanged for the offence? - A. Yes.
Q. And then you accused Morse of receiving these goods? - A. Yes.


                  CATHERINE
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I keep the King's-head, in Hoxton-square.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you remember when he was at your house? - A. No.
Q. Do you know who was with him? - A. No; there were two men came with him and went into the parlour, and staid about half and hour.
Q. Had they any thing with them? - A They had something tied up in a handkerchief.
Q. Did they go away together? - A. I believe they did.
Q. Should you know either of the other two men if you saw them? - A. No.
Q. How long was this before Morse was taken up? - A. I cannot tell.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q.You were at the public-office in Worship-street when the prisoner was examined? - A. Yes.
Q. Was a man of the name of Johnson shown you there? - A. Yes.
Q. Was he one of the men that came to your house? - A. I am certain, to my knowledge, that he was not.
Q.Look at Larby, will you swear that he was one of them? - A. I do not remember that I ever saw him before this time.


                  HANNAH
                   CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - I have known the prisoner eleven or twelve years, he was taken up at my house; he had only slept one night at my house in the Hackney-road; the prisoner lives in King's-gate-court, Shoreditch.
Q. In what name did he come to your house? - A.Isaac Morse.
Q. Had you any directions from him what name you were to call him by? - A. I had not.
Q. How came he to sleep at your house? - A. His wife was lying-in, she was delivered two days before.
Q. Were there any muslins taken from your house? - A. Yes, there were.
Q. Who brought those muslins to your house? - A.Morse; he said, he had been swapping for it, and he made me a present of that piece that was found at my house.
Q. Did you shew it to anybody? - A. Yes; I shewed it to Mrs. M'Gregor.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. How long had Mrs. M'
               
                  Gregor
               


             that piece in her possession? - A. About ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour.
Court. Q. Did she take it out of your house? - A. I gave it her over the garden pales, and she took it into her own house.


                  SARAH
               


             M'GREGOR sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. Mrs. Chapman gave me a piece of muslin, I had it about ten minutes, I gave it to my husband, and my husband gave it me again, and I gave it back to Mrs. Chapman.


                  JOHN
               


             M'GREGOR sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am an accomptant at the Pelican-office: Mrs. M'Gregor gave me a piece of muslin, which I had in my possession about ten minutes.
Q. The same muslin that you received from your wife; did you return it to her again? - A. I did.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn. - I am one of the officers of Worship-street: I went to Mrs. Chapman's with a warrant, I pushed in at the back-parlour, forced the door open, and saw the prisoner in the attitude of jumping out of the window, and I secured him; I found this muslin under the bed.(Produces it).
Bailey. I can swear to this muslin, from its being in an unfinished state, all the colours are not put into it; it is worth about three or four guineas.


                  ELIZABETH
                   LARBY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I saw the prisoner at Griffiths's house in Bunhill-row, my husband sent me there; I told him that he had sent me there to desire them to remove the things, as he was taken into custody; Morse said, they would remove them as soon as they could; he was talking about buying the things, and he said, he had not wherewith to buy them at that time; I understood from Griffiths, in the hearing of the prisoner, that he had bought some things of my husband the night before.

Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q.You are the wife of the accomplice? - A. Yes.
Q. And you know you assist in saving him by your evidence? - A. Yes.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel, and called five witnesses, who gave him an excellent character. There were a great many other who were not examined.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
