





65. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CARVIN
                  



               
             was indicted for feloniously 


               stealing on the 28th of March
, a deal box, value 6 d. 5,854 piastres, value 200 l.
             the goods chattels and monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Busher
                  




               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Garrow.)


                  JOHN
                   BUSHER
               



             sworn.
I am a waterman and lighterman
, the prisoner was in my service; I brought the box in question, it was delivered to me at twelve o'clock at noon day, Wednesdaythe 28th of March; I received it of captain 
               
                  Richard
                   Wilson
               



             with a number of other articles, he delivered it to me at his own lodgings, about two hundred yards from my boat, which was at Wapping-stairs


; I put several things particularly this box in my boat myself; I gave the prisoner a particular charge of the box of money, to carry it on board the Minerva, captain Wilson; he had been on board attending the same ship some weeks carrying stores, the Minerva was at that time bound for Madeira, laying somewhere about the Dog and Duck, nobody was to go but himself; I never saw him till the day after; I heard that the box was not delivered first; sometime in the month of June I was informed by Messrs. Strahan and Co.
Mr. Knowlys. How long had this man lived with you? - About since the month of October, or November, before the March these things were lost.
Q. You had always found him an honest man? - Yes.
Q. Have you a partner in this line of business? - Not in this business.
Q. What part of the business is that? - In the anchor boats.
Q. This man works with you occasionally? - He has been constant since the latter end of June, but before that he has not been above sometimes two days a week or three days or so; but when he was out of my employ it was his own fault. I paid him 3 s. a day as long as he worked.
Q. How long was it before the Minerva sailed after the 28th of March? - She proceeded immediately, she left the river about the 29th or 30th.
Q. You heard nothing of the loss of this till June, and then I believe you took a search warrant to search the prisoner's lodging? - I did.
Q. You found nothing there? - I did not; I took him before Justice Staples, where he was discharged.
Q. I believe that from June to a very little time ago he continued in your service? - He did.
Q. I believe you told him that you had heard something more about this box, and you expected he would attend before Justice Staples again? - No, he was taken before Mr. Staples; I had no suspicion till he came before an attorney, and I found that he could not clear up his point.
Q. Have you ever said, that you thought the prisoner was innocent? - No.
Q. It is customary for you to have receipts? - No, it is not.
Captain 
               
                  RICHARD
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I was the captain of the Minerva; I delivered on the 28th of March, the box in question to Busher, I have known him four or five years; I did not discover the box was not on board till I was half way on my passage to Madeira, about three weeks after I left the river, it contained 5,854 piastres and a broken one; they were in a wooden box.
Mr. Knowlys. Where did you come on board? - At Gravesend.
Q. You had not been told that there was a box brought under the stern at Gravesend, which he said wanted some repairs, and then took it back? - I never received it at Gravesend; I did not ask for it there.
Mr. Garrow. When you did ask, was you so told? - I was.
Mr. Knowlys. You never heard any thing of that sort while you was in the river? - Never.
Q. This I take it was one of the most valuable part of your cargo? - It was.
Q. Did the rest of the boxes contain money? - No, it was the valuablest one and smallest one of the cargo.
Q. The cargo was known to them on board? - It was certainly.
Q. That box was not unknown to the people? - The people did not know any such a thing was coming on board the vessel.

Q. If it had got on board it would have been known from the weight, to have contained money? - Most certainly it would.
Q. I take it you was a good deal surprised that you had not been told of that before; you was a good deal surprised that your crew had been so negligent? - They did not know the box was to go on board the ship; they told me a box was along side; I asked myself about it.
Q. You thought it strange they did not tell you of this before? - No, I did not think it was strange, because they did not know it was coming on board, they had seen a small box, but when they were told it was to go back for alterations, I did not think any thing of them about the box.
Q. Was Galloway your mate? - He is, he has been with me five years.
Q. Is he a man of good character? - He is.
- So is this man.


                  WILLIAM
                   GALLOWAY
               



             sworn.
I have been mate of the ship ever since she was built; I was on board her to take in her stores, on the 28th of March, on her last outward bound voyage. The prisoner came under the stern, about twelve o'clock at mid-day; the tide had raised the ship fifty or sixty feet, and he hailed and told us he had something for us, but he was going down the river further and he would call when the tide served to come nearer the vessel; he went away at that time down the river, and he came when the water was lower, along side, about three in the afternoon; on his coming along I asked him if he had any thing heavy in his boat; he said, there was nothing heavy in the boat, but one box which was going back, (pointing at it,) and there was some alterations he believed to be made in it, and he believed he was coming down with it in the afternoon; immediately I ordered 
               
                  William
                   Goodall
               



             an apprentice of the vessel, to haul up the other things; the prisoner rowed away with one box in the boat; before we arrived at Madeira the captain made enquiry about the box, and I told him what had passed; I can swear the prisoner did not put on board that day any heavy box.
Court. When did the captain enquire? - Sometime before he got to Madeira.
Mr. Knowlys. How many things did he bring in this boat? - I cannot tell the number of things, there were several things for the ship, that this man brought.
Q. How many boxes? - Only one, the letter box.
Q. And he pointed particularly to another box? - He did.
Q. He told you that that wanted some repairs and alterations and he believed he should be down in the afternoon, signifying there were more things coming down for your ship? - So I understood him.
Q. That you are quite sure of? - So I thought.
Q. How long after this was it the captain came on board? - He came on board at Gravesend.
Q. You told him you expected some more things would have come on board, but they went back for alterations? - No, I did not.
Q. Why you was a good deal disappointed, was not you? - No, being so full of business we did not think about it.
Q. Was this the last package? - It was that came in a wherry; there was another man came down, but with no packages.
Q. You was a good deal surprised he did not keep his word? - I was so.
Q. And yet you did not tell the captain? - I did not.
Q. Was you ever on shore after? - Never.
Mr. Garrow. So that if you had stole the piastres yourself you must have eat them.



                  WILLIAM
                   GOODALL
               



             sworn.
I am 'prentice on board the Minerva, when she went her last outward bound voyage; I know the prisoner 
               
                  Thomas
                   Carvin
               



            ; he came to the side of the vessel while she lay on the ground at limehouse-reach; I hauled up some goods and there was one box left in the boat, after he had hauled up every thing except this box, I threw down the rope again for this box, he told me it was not coming up, he was to take it back to have some 
alterations to it, and he went away from the ship up Limehouse-reach again; I am positively certain that the box was not put on board; the captain made an enquiry before he got to Madeira; I told him what passed.
Q. Was you ever on board again before the ship sailed? - I have been in her 
two years and seven months.
Mr. Knowlys. You expected the prisoner to return according to what he said? - I did not hear him say that.
Q. All the hands were on deck? - There was none but me and the mate.
Q. They were within sight of the boat, if they had directed their sight that way? - They might if they looked over the side.
Q. He said this box was to have alterations made in it? - He said nothing to me about that.
Q. As the box was to have alterations in it you expected him to return? - I never thought any thing about it.
Q. Did you think it was to return or not? - I never thought any thing about it, I was about other work.
Q Was you on shore afterwards? - No.
Q. My friend I ask you whether if you had not been on shore yourself, you might not easily have had any thing conveyed on shore by other people?
Mr. Garrow. Did you in point of fact steal it and give it away?
Mr. Knowlys. What time was this that this man came to the ship in the boat? - As nigh as I can recollect, between two and three in the afternoon.


                  HUGH
                   HOUGHTON
               



             sworn.
I am Clerk to Messrs. Cheap and Luffman, who were the merchants who sent the piastres; I nailed the box and sealed it, and delivered it to a porter.


                  RICHARD
                   ROGERS
               



             sworn.
I am a waterman; I know the prisoner at the bar; I saw him in the river, in the month of March; I went down to Deptford with a fare, rowing up again I met Carvin in Limehouse-reach; I asked him where he was going; he said, he was going on board the Euretta, and mentioned something about a box of cash.


                  AARON
                   SWAIN
               



             sworn.
I am partner to the prosecutor in the anchor boat business; I have known the prisoner ever since he was a fellow 'prentice, he has worked for me ever since June constant; he always bore the character of an honest man.
The prisoner also called seven other witnesses who gave him an excellent character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
