





536. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of July
, a cotton frock, value 1s. and a beaver hat, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Lake
                  




               
            .


                  ESTHER
                   LAKE
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of James Lake: I sent my little boy to school with his hat and frock on about a quarter after nine in the morning of the 31st of July, and about a quarter past eleven the child was brought home out of Lincoln's-inn; I live in Fetter-lane, my husband is a publican
; the child was very much stained with cherries, and very much frightened, he has been very ill ever since, he will be four years old in November.


                  SARAH
                   BIGGERTON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Miss Jackson, who keeps a school; the prisoner rung at the bell; she came with Mrs. Lake's compliments to Miss Jackson, and she wanted the child home, there was a person wanted to see him, and Miss Jackson let her have the child; I am sure the prisoner is the person.


                  MARY
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn. - I keep a school in Castle-street, Holborn, Mrs. Lake's child came to my school; the prisoner came to me on the 31st of July, about a quarter after ten, with Mrs. Lake's compliments, and would be glad to have James Lake home, there was a lady there wished to see him; upon that I delivered the child to her; as she was going down stairs, the child had no hat on; I returned, and saw the child's hat lay on the table; I gave her the hat, and she thanked me, and said, the child was not going to return again that morning. I believe the prisoner to be the woman.
Q. Have you any doubt? - A. I believe her to be the woman.
Q. (To Mrs. Lake.) Did you send this woman for the child? - A. No; I think it is the same woman that was walking about the street when my servant went with the child to school; there were three of them walking backwards and forwards for almost two hours, before the child went to school, and she had the same gown on then that she has now.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing at all about it.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 28.)




               The Court immediately pronounced sentence of Transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury, before
Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
