






343. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHEELER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of July
, 28 yards of printed callico, value 46 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Clarke
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS
                   BOYD
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to Mr. Clarke. On Thursday, the 28th of July, between the hours of seven and nine, Mr. and Mrs. Clarke, a shopman, another apprentice, and myself, were in the shop, a man came in, and said, shopman, your shop is robbed; I immediately jumped over the counter, and ran to the gateway, and perceived the prisoner at the bar walking up the middle of the gateway; our shop is one door from the gateway; our corner is the corner of High Holborn and the corner of Drury-lane. As soon as the prisoner at the bar perceived me following, he stept into a corner of the said gateway, and dropt the piece of printed callico from under his coat (it was out of paper, loose) on the pavement; I saw it fall from under his coat; I took it up, and have kept it ever since. I marked it in the shop D. J. T. 
               
                  Boyd, D. J.


             being the private mark what it cost. D. J. was on before, but not my writing; it is Mr. Clarke's own hand-writing. We had only a piece and a half in the house of this pattern, and this is the piece, and the half-piece we have left. I had seen it in the morning, and this happened between the hours of half past seven in the evening, or near eight, as near as I can guess. I am sure this was put up in the morning against the door; I did not put it up, but I saw it. He was committed the next day, as it was too late that day to be examined.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. On the next day, when he was committed, he was committed on suspicion, I observe? - I cannot really say what he was committed on.
That is not what I ask you; I ask you, whether he was not committed on suspicion for stealing these goods? - I do not know that.
How many people serve in your shop? - Five of us.
The last you had seen of this piece, was when you had made up your shop for shew in the morning? - Yes.
So there had been twelve hours for these five persons to serve in the shop, and you had not missed any thing till the alarm was given you by the other man, and there is none of the other persons who served in the shop here? - None of them.
I observe, that is not an uncommon pattern? - I never saw it before, as I know of.
Do you mean to stake your credit upon that? - Yes, I will, that I never saw the like pattern before nor since.
Probably it might have been made on purpose? - I cannot say.
Attend, young man; do you mean to say, that you have the smallest conception that that piece and a half was made for your master, and then the blocks were broke? - I do not think that; we had two pieces at first.
Who had you it of? - I cannot tell.
It is rather a favourite pattern for furniture? - It is a very pretty pattern.
Do you mean then, Sir, now to repeat it, that you do not know there was any more than these two pieces made; would these two pieces be of any value to the manufacturer? - Most certainly not.
Must you not be certain of that? - Yes, to be sure, I must.
You have told the learned Judge at first, that the private mark was the hand-writing of your master; will you venture to swear it? - If you will give me leave to look at it, I will tell you. (Looks at it.) I will swear it to be my master's hand-writing. I am so accustomed to his hand, that I can swear it.
Did you know this man before? - I nenever saw him before in my life, as I know of.
You are the only person here from your shop? - I am.


                  JOHN
                   LEDWIN
               



             sworn.
I am an hardware man; on Thursday the 28th of July I went into Mr. Linch's, just by Mr. Clarke's, nearly opposite, in Broad St. Giles's; I saw a man walk from the door, and putting a bundle under hisarm, he was passing by the window from the door, I did not perceive him inside the door; I went to the shop door, and called shopman, your shop has been robbed, and went on, and followed the man to the corner of the court, where he turned down; the shopman run past me, and laid hold of him, I saw the piece drop, and the shop-man picked it up, I was not near enough to see where it dropped from, and I helped to carry the man to the house; the prisoner is the man.
Mr. Garrow to Boyd. Which of your masters was it that made this mark? - I have only one master.
What is his partner's name? - He has none.
EDWARD TREADWAY sworn.
I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody, and he was committed on suspicion, and August the 2d examined again, and committed on suspicion again.
Prisoner. I leave it to my Counsel.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him an excellent character.




               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)
Of stealing, but not privately.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
