





179. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HAYWARD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of January
, six silver table-spoons, value 48s. two silver salt-spoons, value 4s. and a silver funnel, value 4s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Jolliffe
                        



                     
                  , Esq.
; a silver watch, value 30s. a base-metal watch chain, value 2d. and a base-metal watch key, value 1d. the property of 
                     
                        Hannah 
                        Ridley
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of the said William
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   HAMILTON
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street: On the 7th of January last I was by accident at the Magistrate's house in Marlborough-street, Mr. Conant's, when Capt. Hilton Jolliffe, the son of the prosecutor, came, and wished him to send an officer to inspect his house, one of his servants having told him it had been broken open; I went to the house of Mr. 
               
                  William
                   Jolliffe
               



            , in Argyle-street


; the prisoner went with me into the coach-yard, and shewed me a dung-heap, where he said the thieves must have got over; I could see no footsteps; I went to the other part of the house, where the prisoner told me they must have got over, but I could see no such signs; I went into the house again; I then had a suspicion of the prisoner, and I searched him; I found several pawnbrokers' duplicates upon him, which do not apply to this property; I then took the prisoner into custody, and on the Tuesday following he was to have been examined at the office upon another charge, with respect to the duplicates that I found of property belonging to Captain 
               
                  Jolliffe
               


            ; the prisoner sent for me to our place of confinement, at Marlborough-street, and told me -
Mr. Knapp. Q. The prisoner was then in consinement? - A. Yes.
Q. And when you came to him, you did not say a word? - A.Only what do you want?
Q. When he was originally committed, did he know that he was charged with stealing any thing belonging to either of the Mr. Jolliffes? - A. He did.
Q.And it was not till after he had been made subject to a charge of that sort by the commitment, that he sent for you? - A. No; on the Tuesday after.
Q. Did Capt. Jolliffe live in the same house with his father? - A.Occasionally, when he was not upon duty; the prisoner said, that the story he had previously told me of the thieves getting over, was an invention of his own, for that he was very much distressed, having a wife and young children, but that if I would go into the hay-lost, at Mr. William Jolliffe's house, hid, in a particular truss of hay, I should find six silver table-spoons, a silver wine funnel, and a silver watch; I went there, and found them; I took Gudgeon, who is groom to Mr. Jolliffe, with me; we searched among the hay, and in a truss there, we found the articles which I have now named, (produces them); I have had them ever since.


                  WILLIAM
                   GUDGEON
               



             sworn. - I have been servant to William Jolliffe, Esq. very near ten years; I am come to prove Mr. Jolliffe's property; I was with the officer when the prisoner was apprehended, and when he found the property that he has described.


                  HANNAH
                   RIDLEY
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. William Jolliffe; the silver watch that has been produced is mine, (looks at it); it has my name upon the face of it.
Q. It is valued at thirty shillings, it is not worth more is it? - A. I do not think it is worth so much; it has a base-metal chain and key to it.
Mr. Knapp. Q.There is no particular mark about the watch, or the key, or chain, except a parcel of letters put round the dial-plate? - A. That is all.
Q.Therefore, if any other letters answering to your name, were put round another watch, you would not know that from this? - A. I cannot say; I know I had such a watch.
Q. You did not know the number of it? - A. No.
Q.(To Gudgeon.) Look at the six silver tablespoons? - A.They are certainly the property of 
               
                  William
                   Jolliffe
               



            , Esq. they are plain, with neither cyphor, arms, nor crest upon them; they havebeen in my custody, on and off, for very near ten years; I have one in my pocket of the same pattern. (Produces it).
Mr. Knapp. Q. If any body else had these spoons, which have no mark, and which have nothing by which you can distinguish the one from the other, would you be able to distinguish my spoons, if I had such sort of spoons, from these? - A. I do not know how that might be; they are certainly the spoons.
Q.Look at these silver salt spoons? - A. I will not swear that they are silver, but they are the spoons; there is no mark upon them.
Mr. Knapp. Q. There is no mark upon them, by which you are able to swear to them, whether they are silver or not? - A. There is no mark that I have fixed upon.
Q. Do you mean to swear they are silver? - A. No.
Q. Do you mean to swear they are plated? - A. No, I mean to swear they are the spoons.
Court. Q. Now look at the silver funnel? - A. That is Mr. William Jolliffe's property; it is a very remarkable one, there are several bruises in it that I can swear to.
Q.Have you been using a funnel this afternoon? - A. No, I have not drank any wine.
Q. It has been pretty much used in Mr. Jolliffe's house? - A.It has been badly used.
Q. Did you live in service before you lived with Mr. Jolliffe? - A. Yes; in some of the first families in London; I never lived less than four or five years in a place.
Q. Have you never had the misfortune, in any of your services, of a funnel dropping, and getting bruised before? - A. Yes, that has dropped several times out of my hand; I believe all servants have that misfortune at times.
Q. So it is from these kind of bruises, that you mean to swear to this funnel? - A. Exactly so, as I said before.
Q.These things, I take it for granted, were not all taken at one time? - A. I look upon it they were all taken at one time.
Q. How lately had you seen these things before they were missed? - A. I believe it was three or four days,
Court. Q. Do you know enough of the value of the plate to fix a value upon any of these things? - A. I am no judge; but I think I would not lay the value of them at more than thirty-seven or thirty-eight shillings.
The prisoner left his desence to his Counsel.




               GUILTY, of stealing to the value of 39s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
