





166. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of April
, one hundred and fifty pounds weight of lead, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Brown
                     




                  , and fixed to a building of his, against the statute
            .
JOHN BROWN sworn.
I am a builder
; this lead was taken from a house in Devonshire-place


, not yet quite finished, the prisoner was taken Saturday night.

- EVELYN sworn.
I was coming home last Saturday, about half past one, and saw the prisoner at the bar, and two others, within the iron railing of a house in Welbeck-street; it being so late, I was a little alarmed; I went toward them, and thought I saw something set down, I cannot positively say what; they got out into the road, and I followed them for ten or twenty yards; I called to the watchman; but, previous to that, I perceived one of them with a bundle on his head; and when I came back from the watchman, to pursue them, I found they had dropped the bundle: I challenged the three with having had property on their heads, and asked them what made them drop it, and gave charge to the constable, and he followed the prisoner, and took him out of a house where he had escaped into a cock-loft; the others made their escape, and are not yet taken.


                  WILLIAM
                   BUTLER
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman: the last gentleman came to my box, and told me that he suspected these three as thieves; they ran up a court, and two went in a house, and I found one of them up in a cock-loft, the prisoner at the bar; afterwards we found the lead in Bulstrode-street; it was picked up by another watchman.


                  THOMAS
                   HARVEY
               



             sworn.
I went to this watchman's assistance, and found the prisoner in the cock-loft.


                  WILLIAM
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I found the lead, No. 16, Bulstrode-street, near Welbeck-street, laying against the door, by the rails.
(The lead produced.)


                  SAMUEL
                   COLLINS
               



             sworn.
As I was going by No. 41, Welbeck-street, I found two sheets of lead lying under the door-way.
(The lead produced.)
Court to Brown. Have you fitted these pieces of lead to the building? - I have, and they fitted exactly; they were taken from a lead flat that covers the kitchen, fixed with wall-hooks to the wall.
Prisoner. I was coming home from Watford, where I had been to see an aunt; in this street I met these two men with bundles on their heads, and they chucked them down, and this gentleman came up to me, and said if I offered to run away he would shoot me; so I ran into this house for fear he should.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
