





351. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PILGRIM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of May
, a boy's hat, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  David-Jones 
                  Watkins
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   WILLIS
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. David-Jones Watkins, who is a hatter
 in Oxford-street, No. 255


; I saw the prisoner brought back by two persons, with a hat in his hand; it is my master's property, a boy's hat; I had not missed it; but when I saw it, I missed it from the place; I am sure of the property, as there was a mark of my own in it.


                  WILLIAM
                   WARD
               



             sworn. - I stepped out of my own house, being a neighbour, and saw the lad go into the shop empty handed, and come out again with a hat in his hand very coolly; I did not stop him, but proceeded on to the shop, and asked if they had served him with a hat; I did not apprehend him, but the next witness did.


                  JOHN
                   RICHER
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the the prisoner about one hundred yards from the shop; he had a hat in his hand, but did not say how he came by it; Ward called out, he had stolen it, and I stopped him and brought him back with the hat in his hand.
Prisoner. (To Willis.) Q.Did not you take a pen in your hand, and put a mark to the hat in the shop? - A. Yes, I did, here is the mark the prisoner speaks of, and there is the shop mark, beside the mark I put.
Prisoner. (To Richer.) Q. Whether a gentlewoman did not come up and say, "give me the hat," and I gave it her? - A. He came back with the hat in his hand, and a gentlewoman came and said, "you blackguard, you have stole the hat," and I said, don't take it out of his hand.
Ward. After the hat was stolen, I told him to stop; my wife came out of the back door, and says, "you rascal, you have stole the hat, "and took it out of his hand, but gave it him back again.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 17.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
