





50. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     GALONEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Pillar
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of six in the morning, on the 19th of December
 last, and burglariously stealing therein one looking-glass in a walnut-tree gilt frame, value 20 s. the goods of the said 
                     
                        John
                         Pillar
                     



.


                  JOHN
                   PILLAR
               



             sworn.
I live in Lower Shadwell


; I keep a public-house, the Half-moon
: on the 19th of December I lost a large looking-glass, about half past six, or twenty minutes to seven; in the morning; it was taken out of my back parlour; I perceived it gone about twenty minutes before seven; I was in the house; I did not see any stranger come, and no part of it was broke open; about an hour's time my servant went over the way to buy some bread for breakfast, and she mentioned it, and there were two boys there, and I went over myself in less than half a minute's time, and the boys told me, if I would give them something to drink, they would tell me who was carrying the glass, and they told me his name; in consequence I immediately sent for an officer, 
               
                  George
                   Forrester
               



            , to go after it, I did not go with him, and he came down soon after, and I went and saw the glass about nine o'clock at one Willington's, a pawnbroker's; I am sure it is my glass; the prisoner was in myhouse three or four years back, drawing beer; I saw him again between nine and ten in the evening, when an officer brought him to my house.


                  GEORGE
                   FORRESTER
               



             sworn.
I am headborough; Mr. Pillar sent to me to inquire for the looking-glass, and I went to Mr. Willington's and found it out, and they said they took it in of one 
               
                  Sarah
                   Fenner
               



            ; and this girl told me that 
               
                  Andrew
                   Galoney
               



             had sent her; I did not apprehend the prisoner.


                  SARAH
                   FENNER
               



             sworn.
I live in New Gravel-lane; the prisoner, 
               
                  Andrew
                   Galoney
               



            , asked me if I would go an errand for him; I told him yes, and I went and pawned the glass, which he gave me, at Mr. Willington's, for 9 s. and I gave it him all but one halfpenny; I live along with Mr. Chapman, a sailor; I became acquainted with the prisoner at the public-house.
Prisoner. Mr. Chapman keeps a house for girls of the town, he lets lodgings to them.


                  JOSEPH
                   WILLINGTON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I live in New Gravel-lane; I produce the glass; 
               
                  Sarah
                   Fenner
               



             left it at my house on the 19th of December, it was pawned for 9 s.
(Deposed to.)
- WINTER sworn.
I am an officer, and apprehended the prisoner.
(The confession read by the clerk.)
Prisoner. I was on Mr. Pillar's platform, and I saw this glass behind the bags in the yard, and I took it; and Mr. Pillar said, if I would confess I took it out of the place, he would prosecute me no further.
Court to Pillar. Did you tell him, if he would confess, you would not prosecute? - I did tell him, if he would confess of any thing that was taken out of the house before, as I had lost above thirty pounds worth of plate and other things, I would forgive him that crime.
(The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.)




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . (Aged 18.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


