





290. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     DOUGLAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of June
, ten linen table-cloths, value 16 s. two pair of linen sheets, value 18 d. three linen pillow-cases, value 18 d. one silver spoon, value 2 s. and two glass tumblers, value 3 d.
             the goods and chattels of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Ibbetson
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   IBBETSON
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  Christopher
                   Ibbetson
               



            : I missed the articles in the indictment on Saturday the 11th of June, about ten in the morning; I did not see the prisoner take them: the prisoner used to work at days in the house at times; she had worked that day; she is a chare-woman
; I imagine some were taken from the laundry, and some from my bed-room; but the way I missed them was by getting all my linen together, and looking them over.



                  WILLIAM
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to a pawnbroker; the prisoner has been a customer to our shop; I knew her perfectly; she pawned with me eight table-cloths, &c. I know nothing of the tumblers; they were pawned at different times; the first table-cloth was pawned the 16th of April, and the last the 2d of June; there was a sheet and table-cloth pledged the 21st of May, a tea-spoon the 26th of May; I gave the things to Mrs. Ibbetson.
Mrs. Ibbetson. I produce the things which I took from the pawnbroker's, and have kept them separate ever since.
(Deposed to by their marks; some with initials, and some with the name at full length.)
Prisoner. I had been very ill, and when I got well I went to work for Mrs. Ibbetson, and she did not pay me very well, and so I could not pay my debts; she owes me 20 s. now; I meant to take the things out of pawn, and replace them, as Mrs. Ibbetson had paid me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 63.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
