





54. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of November
, a damask napkin, value 7s. two damask clouts, value 4s. a hand towel, value 1s. a pocket handkerchief, value 1s. 6d. a quarter of a pound of grounding thread, value 1s. and a ball of floss silk, value 3d.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Fairfield
               




            , Esq.
(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  ELIZA
                   FAIRFIELD
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Mr. George Fairfield; the prisoner was my nursery-maid
; in consequence of suspicion being communicated to her, she searched her box herself; I had determined to search the boxes of all my servants; I met the prisoner first, I told her I desired to see her box; she said she had not the key; says I, child, you have not been out; she felt for her key, and found it in her pocket; she then went to her box, and took out two damask napkins, two damask clouts, and a hand towel; she said, these are your's, you had a vast quantity of linen in the wash, how they came into my box I do not know; it must have been by mistake; but they are your's, take them; I then found some grounding bread; she said it was her's, if she was to depart the world that moment: I told her I had bought twelve pounds of it, but a short time before; I asked her if she had bought it; she said, no, it was given to her; she then said, it may be your's, take it; she then said, she had another box, would I wish to look at that; I said, yes; in that box I found a white pocket handkerchief which I knew from the make and appearance, to be mine; she said it was her's, at first; but afterwards said it was mine; she told me, when I was gone on a list to Kingston, she and 
               
                  Mary
                   Piper
               



             took each of them a damask napkin; that each of them took two damask clouts out of the first large drawer in the wardrobe, and a hand-towel out of the bottom drawer; she took a quarter of a pound of thread which she said had been brought her by one of the children to mark stockings with, and she had not had an opportunity of returning it.


                  JOHN
                   SANDERS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a constable: (produces the property). received them from Mrs. Fairfield.(The property was deposed to by Mrs. Fairfield.)
The prisoner left her defence to her counsel, not called three witnesses, who gave her an excellent character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
