





130. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PETERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of August
, a promissory note, called a bank note, value 10l. a ditto, value 10l. a ditto, value 20l. a ditto, value 20l. a ditto, value 25l. and a ditto, value 25l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I live in Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square.
Q. Have you any time lately lost any bank notes? - Yes, on the 27th of August, two ten pounds, two twenty pounds, one fifteen pounds, and two twenty-five pounds.
Q. Were they your property? - Yes.
Q. Were they unpaid? - Yes.
Q. What reason have you to charge the prisoner at the bar with taking these bank notes? - I never see this 
               
                  William
                   Peters
               



             in my life till the officer took him.


                  Q. 
               


            What was his reason for taking him? - He told me that he would seek after him, he knew such a persen as my wife described to him; I was not at home when it was done.
Mr. Knowlys. You have been telling my lord that you have lost a certain number of bank notes; I believe you don't know what the particular notes were, only what your daughter told you? - I had them at home.
Q. I know you were possessed of bank notes to the amount of a hundred pounds, but you could not tell what the particular notes were, only as your daughter informed you? - I could not tell particularly, because I could not read, my daughter read them to me.


                  MARY
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
Q. You are the wife of 
               
                  John
                   Smith
               



            ? - Yes.
Q. Do you know any thing of his losing any bank notes? - Yes, I lost a hundred pounds worth of bank notes.
Q. Do you know the number of them?- Two ten pounds, two twenty pounds, a twenty five pounds, and a fifteen pounds.
Q. You can read? - No, I cannot.
Q. You can read figures? - No.
Q. Where were these notes kept? - Up in my room.
Q. What reason have you to charge the prisoner with the notes? - Concerning the locket being dropt.
Q. Where is the locket? - I have it; I was going down Parliament-street, and there was a man before me, and I saw a small parcel lay, that was wrapped up in a brown paper, and I was going to stoop for it, and the prisoner stooped before me, and said, he had picked up a prize; I said, halves, to the prisoner; the prisoner asked me whether it was a usual thing to give half of what was found? I told him I had heard say it was; and then we crossed over together into the Park, and he met with an old gentleman, and he said he would go up to this old gentleman and ask him where the king's jeweller lived.


                  Q. 
               


            When was this that you found this locket? - The 27th of August. The prisoner at the bar said the king's jeweller lived in Bond-street.
Q. Is that the old gentleman that you met with? - Yes, that is the old gentleman that we met with. Then we went to the chair in the Park and sat down; the other that was with this prisoner said he was a captain of a ship, and he said he had a friend in town, a gentleman of whom he could get the value that was in the note; the two hundred and fifty pounds that was in the bill with the locket.


                  Q. 
               


            Then there was a bill along with the locket that valued the locket at two hundred and fifty pounds? - Yes, there was; when he came back he said his friend was not at home, he was gone to Richmond.
Q. If I understand you, the prisoner was the man that picked up the locket? - No, not this prisoner, the prisoner that was tried some time back; Watson was his name.
Q. Then the prisoner at the bar was the man that you met afterwards in the Park? - Yes, and then we went on and came into Oxford-street, we turned down a street on our left hand, and went in and had a pint of beer, and some words, I don't know what passed, and afterwards they went down to my house in Mortimer-street; all the party, the prisoner that was tried before, and the prisoner at the bar, and myself, and they had the hundred pounds.
Q. You had only this one hundred pounds in bank notes, had you? - Only this one hundred pounds.
Q. Tell us what happened in your house? - They took them off from the table.
Q. How came they on the table? - They had agreed to have the hundred pounds till on the morrow.
Q. Who agreed? - The men that robbed me; they were to have the hundred pounds, they did not choose to part with the locket, but they left the locket till to-morrow, and I gave them the hundred pounds, and I was to have my hundred pounds again and one hundred and twenty-five pounds concerning that locket.
Q. Did you fetch down the notes yourself? - No, my daughter fetched them down, she looked out the notes.


                  Q. 
               


            What was you to have the one hundred and twenty-five pounds for? - Concerning that locket, it mentioned in the note two hundred and twenty-five pounds, and I was to have one half, and my own hundred pounds back.


                  Q. 
               


            You say then that you voluntary lent them the hundred pounds in notes? - They took them up from the table.

Q. What did you send for them down for? - Concerning this locket till tomorrow; I was to have half of the value of this locket, they left the locket with me till the morning.
Q. For what purpose were they to leave the locket with you till the morning? - They were to bring my money back in the morning; they said, they did not choose to part with the locket, they would fetch it again in the morning.
Q. Did you, or did you not consent to their taking the money, and bringing it back again the next morning? - Yes, I consented to it till the morrow morning.
Q. What good did it answer taking your notes away, and to bring them back the next morning? - They did not choose to part with the locket, and they had not cash about them, and they left the locket with me.
Q. What more happened about this affair afterwards? - They went away, and I never see them no more, till they were taken and brought to me; one Lucas brought Watson to me, to Mortimer-street, to our house.
Q. How soon afterwards did Lucas bring the notes? - He never brought the notes; he took Watson in about a fortnight after.
Q. And when was Peters taken? - I believe it is three weeks back, I think it as much.
Q. Do you know what the locket is worth? - I have heard it is worth only five shillings and six-pence.
Q. Is that the receipt you received with it? - Yes.
Q. With a stamp and all in order.
Mr. Knowlys. This happened on the 27th of August? - Yes.
Q. And you never see the man till about three weeks ago? - I see him when he robbed me, but not since that time, till he was taken.


                  Q. 
               


            Where did you see him? - Lucas fetched him to one Mayne, the officer.
Q. And he shewed you the man? - I knew the man as soon as I see him.
Q. There was no other person in the room with him? - There was other people in the room.
Q. In what part of the house was he? - In the parlour.
Q. Who was in the room besides him? - I cannot tell, there were several people there.
Q. Did not Lucas point him out to you? - No; Lucas asked me if I knew any one in particular in the room, one more than another? I looked about, and I knew him immediately.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you ever fast that you should not have known him if he had not been pointed out by Lucas?
Court. Lucas asked you if you knew any one in particular? What did you say? - I turned me round and see the prisoner, and told him that was the man that had robbed me; Lucas did not point him out.
Mr. Knowlys. I ask you whether you have told any person, that you should not have known the man if somebody had not pointed him out to you? - I never told any person so.


                  MARY
                   SMITH
               



            , the younger, sworn.
Q. You are the daughter of the last witness, are you not? - Yes.
Q. Do you remember her coming home with two men? - I remember it, but I did not see the men.


                  Q. 
               


            When was this? - The 27th of August last.
Q. Do you remember your mother having in her possession any bank notes? - Yes, I counted them out to her.
Q. Do you remember for what sum they were? - I know how many notes there were, there were two ten pounds notes, two twenty pounds notes, a fivepounds notes, and a fifteen pounds note.
Q. These notes your mother had in her custody that day? - Yes.
Q. Were you sent on any errand by your mother? - No, she desired me to come up stairs with her, and count out a hundred pounds worth of notes.


                  Q. 
               


            Where was she, did she come out of the parlour up to her room for these notes? - Yes.
Q. Did you count out the notes? - Yes.
Q. Did you give them to her in her bed-chamber, or did you fetch them down? - I gave them to her in her bedchamber.
Q. What happened then, did you stay in the parlour after she brought them down? - No, I did not go into the parlour.
Q. How long had your mother had these notes in the house? - I don't know, I cannot tell.
Q. Had your mother any more notes besides them? - I don't know, I only see one more.
Q. What is your father? - A plaisterer.
Q. So you never see the notes since? - No, not since I gave them my mother.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.


                  MARY
                   SUGDEN
               



             sworn.
Q. Where do you live? - At the Horse Shoe, Castle-lane, in the Borough.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - Yes, very well; he lived at our house. I am the daughter of Mr. Gre, that keeps the house.
Q. Do you know the prosecutor, Mr. Smith? - I know the woman; she came to our house, and her husband came with her; cur tap-room is kitchen and taproom altogether; it was the Saturday after Peters was taken up, I don't know what they came for, but seeing Mrs. Smith look a decent woman I asked her back into the parlour along with me, and when we were in the parlour she told me the business she came was relative to this Mr. Peters, that she would make it up for a hundred pounds, for she had promised the thief-taking men fifty pounds, and said she never should have known him, only the thief taking men said he was the person; she thought he was a much younger man, quite a smart young man.
Q. How came she to go to your house for all this? - I don't know; I see her a decent looking woman, I asked her into the parlour; I never knew any thing of her before in my life.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you know at this time, when this conversation took place, in whose custody Peters was? - He was first of all at a man's named Mavne.


                  Q. 
               


            What is your reason for believing that he was there at Mayne's house? - I believe it, because I know he did go to Mavne's house, and Mrs. Smith said that she would not appear against him, for she only wanted the money, and could not tell whether he was the man or no, only what these thief-taking men told her.
Q. Where is your father at this time? - My father went away this morning at seven o'clock into the country, at his own business.


                  Q. 
               


            Was your father present at this time? - He was, be heard what Mrs. Smith said.
Court to Mrs. Smith. Do you know that woman there? - I see her once at her father's house.


                  Q. 
               


            What did you go there for? - They sent for us there; this young woman's father sent to out house and desired we would to there I was at the bar with her to drink a glass of peppermint water, but never no more in particular; I was in the parlour for about a minute forsomething particular, but not concerning any thing of talk.


                  Q. 
               


            Then you did not call her in? - No.
Q. Nor she did not call you in? - No.
Q. And you was not there above a minute? - I may be there a minute or two.
Q. It was nothing at all concerning this business? - No, they were mentioning in the tap room something concerning of it.
Q. Was there any thing in the parlour mentioned of this business? - Not that I know of a word that I can recollect.
Q. Who began the conversation in the tap room? - They were talking something of it in the tap room, this young woman's father had known this said Peters a great many years, he had been a lodger to him. I cannot recollect any thing particular that was said.
Q. Did not they say why they sent for you? - I really cannot in particular say the words what it was.
Q. How far do you live from them? - A great distance.
Q. If they took the trouble of sending for you so far, was it not very natural to ask what they wanted with you? - I really cannot think of any thing particular that was said.
Q. Did you offer to make it up if they gave a hundred pounds? - We never offered first or last to make it up.
Q. Did you ever say at this woman's father's house that you did not know the man? - I never said so.
Q. Did you say he was a smart young man? - I always said he was an elderly man.
Q. Did you say you had promised fifty pounds to the thief takers for taking up the men? - When they were taken the thief takers asked my husband what he would give them? my husband said he had nothing at all to give, what they took with them, they should have the one half.
Q. Did you say that you should not have known this man if the thief takers had not pointed him out? - I always said I should know him whenever I should see him.
Mr. Knowlys. You went to Mr. Lucas more than once, did not you? - No more than once.
Q. You went down several times to Mayne's? - We went down on Saturday night, and the Monday when the prisoner was taken; the prisoner was taken on Sunday.
Q. How long was it after that before you appeared before any justice? - In the same week I believe.
Q. How long was he kept at Mayne's before he went to a justice's? - Two days I think.
Q. Can you recollect what month it was in that you appeared against him? - No, I cannot.


                  Q. 
               


            Was it before the 5th of February that you went before any magistrate? - I cannot recollect.
Q. He was taken the 18th of January, was not he? - I don't know what month.
Q. Will you swear it was not a fortnight before you went before a magistrate? - Yes, I can swear that; it was not a fortnight, I believe it was in the course of a week.
Q. Did not you go to a Mr. Edwards's house after this man, to propose making it up? - Not that I know of.
Q. Did you ever propose making it up at Mr. Edwards's? - No, I don't know any such thing.
Q. Have you got Mayne or Lucas here? - I don't know whether they are here or no.

Q. Do you know this gentleman's person? (pointing to the solicitor for the desendant) - I have seen this gentleman when I came up first this morning and now.
Q. Have you ever seen him in Hatton-street? - I may have seen him there.
Q. Did not you and your husband propose to this gentleman to make it up? - Not that I know of.
Q. Will you swear that you did not? - I know nothing at all of making up of any kind. I always said it was best to let it be so, rather than to bring ourselves further in trouble; it was better not to make it up, as we had better bear the loss rather than get into farther trouble.


                  HENRY
                   CHESTER
               



             sworn.
Q. You are the solicitor for the prisoner? - I am.
Q. Did this lady or her husband hold any conversation with you on this business? - Yes.
Q. Tell us what and when it was? - I was sent for to attend the prisoner at Hatton-garden, at the police office, the latter end of January; I was there, I believe, an hour before the prisoner was bought up; I there see Smith, the husband, this woman, and Lucas, the officer; Lucas asked me whether the friends of Peters would advance any money to make it up, I told him that I did not know any thing at all about that, and I did not choose to interfere in the business; Mr. Smith and Mr. Lucas said to me, don't you think it better for the business to be postponed for a week to enable Peters to raise the money? and then they spoke to me concerning an estate which Peters considered himself as entitled to, and asked me whether I thought he was entitled to it? and whether he would give a bond as security for the money? I spoke to Peters about it, and he said, he would not; then they told me it was to be an hundred pounds, and Lucas and Mayne were to have fifty.
Q. Who told you so? - Lucas and Smith; we had a long conversation, and I am certain there had been two applications to the prisoner at the bar to make it up.
Q. Do you recollect that, now from conversation that you held with Smith and Lucas, or from what you recollect from others? - No, from Smith and Lucas they mentioned two names that they had applied to, George and Edwards.
Q. Was the wife present in hearing this conversation? - Yes, and by her consent it was postponed a week.
Mrs. Smith. I know nothing further than this, that as we had been at the loss, we had better give it up than get into further trouble.


                  EDWARD
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
I live next door to the Prince of Wales, in St. George's-fields, Kersaint-place.
Q. Are you acquainted with Peters, the man at the bar? - I have seen him several times.
Q. Did you hear of his having been taken up on this indictment? - On the Sunday morning he was taken on this charge, he came with Lucas and Mayne, the two officers, to my house; Lucas made this observation to me, that he thought I was somewhat interested for Mr. Peters, an account of an estate which Peters was entitled to, that I had advanced money on it, that they had just then taken him, and wished to know if I would either give a note or promise any sum of money; that Mrs. Smith had never seen him, and that they would undertake to turn him up before the magistrate, and they took him from my house to Mayne's, in Ratcliffe-highway, and told me that he should remainthere for two or three days, in hopes of my coming forward with the money.
Q. Did you ever see any body else about any business of this sort? - Lucas came to me after that, alone, I believe it might be six or seven days after; it was the day before he was going to have his examination, and he told me if I could procure him ten guineas he would endeavour to get him off for a soldier.
Q. How long have you known Peters; - Some years; I have a very honest good opinion of him.
Q. You have lent him money? - I have.
Q. To Sugden. This man has lodged in your house? - I remember him ever since I was a little girl; I never knew any harm of him in my life, and I knew him twenty years ago.
Q. Does he bear a good character? - He does.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 42.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
