





405. 
               
                  ELEANER 
                  PARPAY
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, a silk cloak, value 10s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Boggests
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   BOGGESTS
               



             sworn.
I am a servant
 to one Mr. Lovet, Palmstreet, Bartlet-square; I was robbed of a silk cloak the 8th of June, one Sunday about eleven o'clock at night, my wife and I were going home; in the middle of St. John's-street, Bartlet-square


, the prisoner at the bar ran against my wife, and untied the string of her cloak, and then she went behind her, and before my wife could tie it again, she took it off her back, and she shot by into Hertford-street; my wife ran after her cloak, and she and my wife had a struggle.
Q. Did you see her take the cloak off your wife? - I did.
Q. Did you see the cloak on her when she was stopped? - I did. They were both down when I came up, and I picked them both up, and I asked her for the cloak, and she said she had not got it, and I pushed her down, and told her she had got it, and the watchman he came up, and then I found the cloak under her apron; then I detained her; I never see her before to my knowledge.


                  MARTHA
                   BOGGESTS
               



             sworn.
I am the wife. The prisoner is the woman that robbed me of my cloak, it was on Sunday evening, the 8th of June, in John-street; the woman never spoke, but pushed against me, and untied my cloak, and she went a little bit behind me, and before ever I had time to tie my cloak, she came and took it off, and past by me, and ran away into Hertford-street; when I came up to her and asked her for my cloak, she said she had not got it, and I could not see it about her; then I told her I would not leave her till she gave it me, and she took and knocked me down in the street, in that space of time my husband came up, and took and gave her a shove down into the road, and took, and put her apron on one side, and there he found the cloak; when the watch came she charged him with my husband, and said, he had taken a new cloak from her, and the watchman took us all three to the watch-house.
Jury. What part of John-street was it? - Facing the front of the Chapel.
Q. What time was it? - A little after eleven o'clock at night.


                  GEORGE
                   GABBAGE
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman of St. George's, Hanover-square; I was in Hertford-street, May Fair. As I was calling half past eleven o'clock I heard a noise, I went up and see this man pushing the woman, the prisoner at the bar, down; I asked him the reason? He said, she had got his wife's cloak. As soon as the prisoner missed the cloak from under her, she said, stop that man, for he has got my new cloak; he was willing to go to the watch-house. I asked her then where she came from? and she told me, and said, she was a house keeper; and I took them all to the watch-house; I asked her it she kept a house for any body? She said, no, she kept the house.I saw the prisoner fall when I was about ten yards off. The cloak I took to the watch-house.
Q. Do you know that cloak again that you took to the watch-house? - Yes, I know the make and case of it.


                  SAMUEL
                   HAMILTON
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street. When the prisoner was brought in the morning, the watchman brought this cloak; the magistrate directed me to take it into possession.
Gabbage. This is the cloak that I took to the watch-house.
Prosecutrix. This is my cloak; I know it by the cape, and I have the woman here that bought the lace for it.
Q. Was you sober at the time? - I had been drinking nothing at all.
Q. To Prosecutor. Was you sober? - I was not quite so sober as I should be; my wife was.
Prisoner to Gabbage. Was the woman sober? - She seemed to be sober.
JANE MASTERS sworn.
I am a shoe-maker; I know this to be the cloak belonging to this woman, the prosecutrix; she had it just that day sort-night that she was robbed of it; I fetched it from the milliner's for her, and bought the edging for it; I know it by the gauze I beipoke it for her, and told the milliner how she liked the capes. I am sure it is the same.
Court to Prosecutor. Was the prisoner a stranger to you? - I never see her before in my life.
Court to Masters. Do you know this man, what character he bears? - He is a servant, he bears a very good character; his wife is a laundress.
Prosecutor. I have lived with one master sixteen years.
The prisoner called two witnesses to her character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
