






610. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LINTON
                  




               
             were indicted 


               for stealing in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        James
                         Jacobs
                     



                  , on the 10th of July
, one guinea, the money of 
                     
                        John
                         Hensley
                     



                  ; a bank note, value 20 l. two bank notes, value 10 l. each; and a bank note, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John
                            
                        
                           Hunsley
                        




.


                  JOHN
                   HUNSLEY
               



             sworn.
I live at Gaggle Goose-green, in the Hamlets of Hammersmith, at Squire Askew's, he married one of Squire Cary's daughters, at Hampstead.
Q. Did you lose any notes? - They were handed off the table.
Q. Do you know any thing of 
               
                  James
                   Jacobs
               



            's house? - I never was there before.
Q. When was you there? - At the time I met with these men.
Q. do you recollect on the 10th of July that you was going any where? - I was in town, I cannot say the day of the month.
Q. What day of the week was it? - I cannot say.
Q. How along ago? - About eight weeks ago.
Q. What time of the day? - About eleven o'clock.
Q. Where was you just by Oxford-road? - Just turned out of it.
Q. Now look at the prisoners? - One is Brown, and the other is Linton.
Q. Tell me whether or no you saw them at the time you was going alongOxford-road? - I saw Brown, but I did not see the other then.
Q. What did he say to you or do? - He said how do you do Mr. Hunsley.
Q. Did you know him before? - Not to my knowledge. I said, you have got the advantage of me; he said he had got a gentleman in town that had six daughters, and they must have some of my fruit by all means; I told him I had none of them to spare, I had agreed with one man for all I had, and I would shew him where the man lived, and he might have them twice a day if he pleased; and I went to shew him the shop where I served with the fruit.
Q. Where was it you went? - I forget the street's name, it was just at this lower side of Mary-le-bone, I went to the shop with him, and he said very well, and we went into an alehouse and had a pint of ale.
Q. What street was it? - I don't know the street, the house was just by the shop.
Q. What was the name of the man that kept the house? - We had but one pint of beer there, and just as we got the pint of beer Linton came in too, and he would drink with us; Brown asked Linton what he was? he said he was come up to London to receive his fortune, as he had an aunt dead; Brown says to him, how much is your fortune? O, says he, three hundred pounds, to the best of my remembrance, so says he, if ever a one of you will shew me fifty pounds I will give you ten guineas; Linton said so to Brown, and I, says I, I have no money to signify; and I went to a man that I knew, and I borrowed the sum of the notes, forty-five pounds, of 
               
                  Samuel
                   Clay
               



            , in Oxford-road.
Q. Do you know what notes they were? - No, I am no Scholar; I know them to be four bank notes.
Q. For what sum where these four notes? - Two ten pound notes, a twenty pound, and a five pound. So in going back, covetous to win the money, thinking I was never master of so big a sum, Brown meets me; as soon as Brown met me Linton came, and they took me up to Jacobs's house, I don't know the street's name, and we went in there, it was a public house, and had a shilling worth of brandy and water; Linton said if we could shew fifty pounds a piece he would give us ten guineas a piece; I produced this sum that I had borrowed, I produced forty five pounds in notes and five guineas besides; I laid it down on the table, the forty five pound in notes and and the five guineas; I laid down the notes, and I think the same money, but I cannot say.
Q. Did you lay down all the notes? - Yes.
Q. Was there any money besides that you laid down, besides these bank notes? - I had some money out.
Q. How much did you lay down? - I believe a couple of guineas. Linton said his lawyer told him he was a fool, and could not write his A, B, C. Brown says, let us see if you can write A, B, C. He writ it down A, B, C. Says Linton, I have writ it, where is all your money? Brown says he had given his Polly some to buy her some clothes; and where is your rest? says he, my Polly's aunt has got it and locked it up. There was a letter or two that Brown made and put a pot over it, and so he was to guess; Linton laid a guinea with me that he guessed the letter that was under the pot, and he did not guess it, and so I had the guinea, I took the guinea when I had won it. Then another guinea was laid, and I won it, then Brown took up the money and the notes, forty five pounds the whole sum.
Q. Did he take up any money that you laid down? - I cannot tell how much he took up, but there was but one guinea of mine, and he took that with him; when he had taken it up they both went awayI followed them out, and said stop them! they are rogues and thieves; and they were stopped immediately, and brought back, and gave me every penny of my money again.
Mr. Knowlys. Then you went away after you had got your money? - I did; and the people followed and stopped me and said I should come back; I had got nothing but my own money, and Linton gave me a guinea more.
Q. You know you won a guinea, what did you do with that? - I put it down again, they gave me a guinea over, they said that was to bear my charges, I was going home, but Scott and the other man followed me as far as the gravel pits, and fetched me back again.
Q. You applied to Scott to get some money of these people? - I mentioned to Scott that I had won nine guineas of them, and desired him to go back and get it of them.
Q. How had you won these nine guineas? - In shewing the fifty pounds.
Q. Did not you tell Mr. Clay, the person of whom you borrowed this money, that it was all a gambling transaction between you and these men? - To be sure it was.
Q. I believe you went before the magistrate the 10th of July? - I did.
Q. And there these men were committed as rogues and vagabonds. Now afterwards you went before the magistrate again? - I had some things coming to town, and I begged leave to go and come to-morrow.
Q. First of all they were committed as rogues and vagabonds? - They were.
Q. This Mr. Scott has told you that he will pay you the expences of this prosecution? - He said I should be paid, the justice said so.
Court. And so you shall.
Mr. Knowlys. Did not Mr. Scott tell you that if you preferred an indictment against these people for felony, that he would pay you? - I cannot be sure whether he did or not. The justice told me I should be paid my charges; I paid ten shillings when I filed the bill.
Court. After the men were taken up in the street, who was it said they had only been gambling? - I cannot tell.


                  JAMES
                   SCOTT
               



             sworn.
I am a butcher; I live in Dorset-street, Mary-le-bone, Manchester-square.
Q. Do you remember in July seeing the prisoners and the last witness? - I believe it was the 10th of July about some time after eleven, between that and twelve. I saw the prisoner Brown, I believe it to be him leading along the old man, the prosecutor, and I believe Linton he was along side of him; what made me take so much particular notice, I knew Linton some time, and I knew what they both were; in the course of about eight minutes I saw them both run by me, they came out of a public house, I believe it is the Barley Mow, it is kept by Mr. Jacobs, I believe his name is James, it is in Mary-le-bone Parish


; they were running; I immediately looked over the way, and I saw the prosecutor holding fast the door posts, and he did not know which way to look, and he hallooed out thieves! says I, have they robbed you? yes, says he, they are thieves, stop them; I immediately hallooed out stop thief! and a neighbour of mine caught Brown, and I caught Linton in Manchester-street; my neighbour is not here; I collared Linton and brought him back, and we had returned about twenty yards from where I catched hold of him and he said let me go, and I will give you a guinea; no, I told him, I would see him d - d first, and he said he would return the old man his money, and give me a guinea for my trouble; and we brought him back to the Barley Mow, and there he delivered up the notes.

Q. Who delivered up the notes? - Linton; and Brown said the notes should not be returned except the old man would let them go about their business, and the notes were produced, and some were agreeable to have them let go, and some were not; they were however detained, and we took them to Marlborough-street without a constable.
Q. You can tell us whether somebody or other did not talk about their having been gambling? - They both of them declared, both Brown and Linton, that they and the old man had been gambling, and the old man said they had not, and the old man, as soon he came into the room swore that he would not take the money but he would prosecute them; the two prisoners at the bar desired that Mr. Jacobs might take up the notes, and he delivered them to the old man, and the old man kept them when Mr. Jacob's told them they were very good notes.
Court to Hunsley. Did you get the notes again? - I did, and returned them from where I had them, to 
               
                  Samuel
                   Clay
               



            .
Mr. Knowlys. Are you sure that the old man said that he had not been gambling? - I am perfectly sure of it, because he told us a different story.
Q. You have not been laying any bets on this occasion? - No further than we were to appear at Hicks's Hall on Monday, and he was not there, and we laid fifteen-pence that the old man would not come.
Q. Then you did not lay five pounds? - I did not, upon my oath.


                  FRANCIS
                   BERNARD
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoners on the 10th of July, at East-street, I was standing in my own room, and the woman that lives in the first floor said to me that there was a mob of people; and I went out, and I saw Brown, and he laid hold of me by the right arm, and said I hope you will be my friend; and a Mr. Scott had hold of him, and we went to the public house, and Linton and Brown were both there, and Scott went for the old man, and when the old man came in he said you have robbed me, and I will prosecute you; Linton put down the bank notes, a twenty pounds, two ten pounds and a five pounds on the table; Brown took them up hearing the old man say that he would prosecute him, and swore that he should not have them, but Linton persisted that he should have the money if he would not prosecute them; the old man with the persuasion of the publican and the company that were there took the money, he took the money and was got out of the house immediately.


                  JAMES
                   JACOBS
               



             sworn.
I keep the Barley Mow.
Q. Do you remember seeing the prisoners at the bar come at any time? - Yes, on the 10th of July the prisoner and the old man came in and asked for six-penny worth of brandy and water, and they went into the parlour where there was nobody else. In about a minute the shortest of them came out to the bar and said make it a shillingworth; and I made it and carried it in, and they paid me for it; I don't recollect seeing them go out of the door; I know nothing about the money being put down.
Q. Did you see them when they were brought back? - I did. The old man said that he was robbed, and they were brought back, and brought into the parlour.
Q. Did you hear him say he was robbed? - I heard him say stop thief! and I see them brought back.
Q. Did you take up any bank notes? - They said they would give the old man the money; the old man desired me to look at the money to see if it was good money, and I took it into my hand and gave it out of my hand to the old manthese was a twenty pounds, two ten pounds, a five pounds and a guinea.


                  SAMUEL
                   CLAY
               



             sworn.
I lent Mr. Hunsley the bank notes on Wednesday the 10th of July, one twenty pounds, two ten pounds, and one five pounds, I have got them here; I lent them him very near twelve o'clock; I see him again about an hour or rather more,
Q. On what occasion did you see him again? - He brought me the notes back again, he said he had gained twelve guineas by them. (The bank notes read by the clerk of the court.)
Mr. Knowlys. This man had the notes of you in the morning, and he returned them in about an hour? - Or an hour and a quarter, and he said that he had got twelve guineas by my lending him these notes, and that he had got two in possession, and the ten he was to receive.
Court to Hunsley. Did you tell Mr. Clay that you had got two guineas, and the other ten you was to receive? - I had got one, and I was to have had the other ten if I had had fair to have had it.
Prisoner Brown. I leave my defence to my counsel and submit it to your lordship.
Prisoner Linton. I leave my defence to my counsel.


                  JOHN
                   TRIBBLE
               



             sworn.
I live in Mary-le-bone-lane.
Q. Did you hear Mr. Hunsley say any thing about this matter? - Yes.
Q. How did he represent it? - I understood that Mr. Hunsley had been robbed of some money; I immediately ran up to him, and he produced these bank notes, and says he, are you sure that they are good? I said they are good, I told him they were so good that I would give him cash for one or all; I said now tell me what is the matter; says he, only some gentlemen have been a joking with me, and I have won ten guineas, I have got one and my own money, and if you had been with me Mr. Tribble I should have had the other nine; I have seen him repeatedly since and he has told me the same.
Q. Was you ever acquainted with either of the prisoners? - I am a friend of Hunsley's; this is the account he gave me of the transaction.


                  GEORGE
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
I live in Carnaby-market.
Q. Are you acquainted with the prisoners? - Not at all. I was standing at the corner of Mary-le-bone and Mr. Tribble called to me, and I went with him and we met Mr. Hunsley coming along, and he said what have you been at? and the old man said to me see if the notes are good; I see myself a twenty pounds, two ten pounds and a five pounds and six guineas; says I, what have you been at? says he, I have been a gambling. Mr. Scott came after the old man for to make him go back, and Mr. Hunsley says to Mr. Scott, the butcher, they owe me nine guineas more, do you run back and get that; Mr. Scot immediately ran back, and then he came and he said to a constable there, that is the man that has been robbed; says the constable, you must go back to give charge of the people, and then we went back and had a drop of brandy; and that is all that I know about it.
The prisoner Brown called 
               
                  John
                   Shepcote
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Atwood
               



            , and the prisoner Linton called 
               
                  Ann
                   Pearce
               



             to give them a character.


                  Richard
                   Brown
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 46.)


                  John
                   Linton
               



            , GUILTY. (Aged 47.)




               Of the simple Larceny only
            .





               Transported for seven years
            

Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
