





25. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BAINES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of November
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Franque
                        




                     
                  , four linen shirts, value 20s. six muslin handkerchiefs, value 8s. six linen pocket-handkerchiefs, value 6s. one pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10s. and two Bank-notes, each of the value of 5l.
             the property the said Stephen.
STEPHEN FRANQUE sworn. - I am a native of France; I have no particular profession; I lodge at No. 38, Poland-street


; there is one other lodger besides me, a gentleman and his wife; I pay my rent to them.
Q.Are they in possession of the whole house? - A.They are.
Q. What are their names? - A.Davidge. On the 22d of November, the prisoner had been employed in the house where I lived as a painter
; he had been about a week in my house at different times; I found I was robbed of two 5l. notes, four shirts, three of them had never been wet, about six neckerchiefs, I cannot say exactly, about half a dozen pocket-handkerchiefs, and a pair of silver shoe-buckles, and these were, except the buckles, in a book-case locked; as soon as I was robbed, I informed the master of the house, and they were all very much surprised, and said, they could not suspect any body but the prisoner, who had been employed in that room; I missed them on the 22d of November; on the Friday after, I got a search-warrant, and went to Baines's house, he was not there, but I saw his wife; I found three muslin neck-handkerchiefs with my mark, and one scratched out.
Q. Had he a whole house, or only lodgings? - A. His wife told us he had the whole house; Mr. Hamilton was with me.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. You have lost two bank-notes of 5l. and these pocket-handkerchiefs and silver shoe buckles? - A. Yes.
Q. How long have you been in this country? - A.Since the 23d of July, seven years.
Q. You live upon your means only? - A. I teach the French language, but I live mostly upon remittances from France.
Q. The remittances, I take it, are not sent in Bank-notes into this country? - A. No.
Q. How many people were at work in this house besides this painter? - A. I cannot say.
Q. More than he? - A. The last week there was only him.
Q. How many bricklayers were employed about the house? - A. Two, I believe, a long while ago, I had lost nothing at that time.
Q. Was any body else employed about the house at that time? - A. One carpenter; I have seen one, but he has never been by himself.
Q. Nor any other painter employed in any other part of the house? - A. I cannot say.
Q. Was not the house in a state of repair? - A. Yes.
Q. Were there not different workmen about the house at that time? - A.Before I lost my property.
Q. How long before the 22d had you seen it? - A. Three or four days before I had the Bank-notes.
Q. How long before had you seen the handkerchiefs? - A. I missed the Bank-notes on Wednesday, so I looked if I had lost any thing else, and the same day, I missed the neckerchiefs.
Q. The 22d was the first day that you missed them, but you had not seen any of the articles for four or five days before? - A. I had not taken notice of them.
Q. Will you swear that you had not seen them within a week or ten days? - A. I have seen myproperty, without counting them over, to see whether they were all there; I missed the Banknotes, and then I looked if I had lost any thing else.
Q.When you went to this house, and saw a person you supposed to be Mrs. Baines, did not you know that she was a person who took in washing? - A. No; I did not know it.
Q. Did you not see a mangle there? - A. Yes.
Q. You went and searched this house, and found the handkerchiefs, in the prisoner's absence? - A. Yes.
Q.You went before the Justice the next day? - A. The same afternoon.
Q. Did not the prisoner come voluntarily to surrender himself, though he knew that you had searched the house? - A. Yes.
SAMUEL HAMILTON sworn. - I am an officer:(Produces two muslin handkerchiefs and a cambric handkerchief); I found these, in consequence of a search-warrant, at the prisoner's house, on Friday, the 24th of November; the prisoner's name was wrote on the door, "
               
                  William
                   Baines
               



            , Painter;" I saw a woman, who represented herself as the wife of the prisoner; the front room is a chandler's shop, the back room they sleep in; the other parts of the house are let to lodgers; in a box, under the counter in the shop, the prosecutor being by the side of me, observed this handkerchief, and said, that is mine; I said, before he opened it, what should he know it by; there will be holes in the middle, says he, finely darned, the letter F in blue, and the appearance of a second letter scratched out; these were the words he made use of at the moment.
Q. Are you sure he said finely darned? - A. Yes.
Q. Was this box locked, or open? - A. I think it was open; the woman was standing by at the time; in another box, in the back room, which stood under the table, I found this cravat, marked with the letter F in blue; Mr. Franque said, all his things were marked with the letter F in blue; in a basket, in the same room, I found this neck handkerchief; the prosecutor claimed it, and said, he knew it by it's quality; there is no mark about it, but the appearance of it's being fresh hemmed; he had others which corresponded with it, in his pocket; I have had them ever since.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The prisoner was not at home? - A. No.
Q. Of course you did not apprehend him? - A. Not myself.
Q. He came to the office voluntarily next morning? - A. I saw him there, he had been first, I believe, to the prosecutor, his wife being in custody.
Q. One handkerchief was in the open shop, in a basket under the counter? - A. In a box.
Q. Do you know whether Mrs. Baines was a washer-woman? - A. I understand she took in mangling. (They were deposed to by the prosecutor).
Mr. Knapp. (To Franque). Q. How long had you been in possession of these handkerchiefs? - A. I cannot say exactly, perhaps these four or five years, and this about a year.
Q. The letter F would do for any other person's name as well as your's? - A. Yes; but there were two initial letters to my linen; I did not like two letters, and I scratched one out, and there is a mark of it being scratched out.
The prisoner left his defence to his counsel.
For the Prisoner.


                  MARY
                   ASSITER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a servant out of place.
Q. Look at these handkerchiefs, and tell me if you know either of them? - A. I can swear to this handkerchief.
Court. (To Franque.) Q. Is that the one that appeared newly hemmed? - A. Yes.
Assiter. I hemmed it for Mrs. Baines on the Wednesday following, the 14th of September; I know it by the loose threads that are left out, I can swear to my mark.
Court. Q.When did you last see that handkerchief before to day? - A. Not since, to my knowledge.
Q. Do you live, at this time, with Mrs. Baines? - A. No, I do not.
Q. How came you here to day? - A. I came here to speak what I knew.
Q. Did you receive any subpoena, or come at the request of any body? - A. I came here as a witness.
Q. Who desired you to come as a witness? - A. I had a subpoena.
Q.Where is your subpoena? - A. I have not it with me.
Q. Has any body said any thing to you about this handkerchief, between the month of September and the present time? - A. Since this affair happened, Mrs. Baines spoke to me about it, she asked me, if I remembered the handkerchief that I hemmed; I told her, yes, I did.
The prisoner called four other witnesses, who gave him an excellent character.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . (Aged 45.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
