





494. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  MACARTHY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of August
, thirty yards of silk ribbon, value 15s. 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Leaf
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Severs
                  



               
            .



                  JOHN
                   MACFALL
               



             sworn.
I live at 110, Fleet-street, I am a linen draper, I am a servant to 
               
                  William
                   Leaf
               



             and Benjamin Severs. On the 6th of August we were robbed by this person charged at the bar, it was a Wednesday, between the hours of three and five o'clock; the prisoner came into the shop, and some Ribbons were shewn her by Charlotte Walworth; another of the witnesses here, 
               
                  Ann
                   Leith
               



            , saw this person take a quantity of ribbons out of the shop where I was, and told me, I immediately went to Margaret Macarthy. I looked very earnestly at her, supposing she had taken the ribbon, and found she was a good deal embarrassed; seeing this, I immediately listed up her apron, and took a quantity of ribbon from under her apron; with this she withdrew from the counter, and another quantity of ribbon fell on the floor; in consequence of which I took that up also.
Q. Did the ribbon fell from her, or from the counter? - I suppose it fell from the counter, in consequence of her apron being withdrawn from the counter; she appeared so much confused, that she sat down, apparently, very much affected, whilst I called one of the partners, 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Severs
               



            , and asked him what I was to do in this case? he immediately sent for a constable, that is here present, he came and took her to the Compter; the constable brought back immediately from her, some duplicates of some ribbons that that she had pledged at different places, they were patterns that were ours; she had made a practice of coming to the shop every day, I suppose six weeks before the the 6th of August, to have a yard and quarter of ribbon. I know these ribbons by the pattern, they are ribbons so well known, that they are not marked with the private mark.


                  Q. 
               


            Had you any ribbon in the shop that belonged to any body else? - None.
Q. Can you say of your own knowledge that any ribbon was removed out of its place, except that that fell down on the counter, and that you took on removing her apron? - I cannot.
Q. Can you say that any were missing out of the drawer, of that pattern? - There was.
Q. How much in the whole might it be, that the prisoner dropped from under her apron, and that found under her apron? - The two pieces made thirty yards.
Prisoner. Did not I beg pardon of you when the ribbon fell on the ground, and you said, ask pardon indeed, and did not I stoop to pick it up as well as you? - She did ask my pardon as it fell down, and said she did not intend it, or something to the same purpose.


                  ANN
                   LEAF
               



             sworn.
I was in the shop, I serve in the shop, I know the woman, she came into the shop on Wednesday the 6th of August, between the hours of three and five; she came into the shop, I was standing behind the counter, while she was looking at the ribbons; she applied to Charlotee Walworth, when she came in; I see her take the ribbon out of the drawer, one piece green and white, a striped ribbon, she put it under her apron.
Q. Was the whole drawer shewn to her at the same time? - Yes, all the drawer, I told it to Mr. Macfall, who came and took one from under her apron, and the other fell from the counter; I stood behind the counter and see them.
Q. Did that drop from under her apron? - One piece dropped from under her apron, that was green and white, but not the same pattern as the other; thepieces were given to the constable, and he has kept them.
Q. Who picked them up? - Mr. Macfall, he kept them till the constable came.
Q. Do you recollect ever seeing her in the shop? - Yes, I have seen her in the shop before.


                  JOHN
                   BONNER
               



             sworn.
I am a hair dresser by business, I am a constable of St. Bride's; the business was over when I got to the house, the ribbons were delivered to me in the same state as they are now, and the woman too. In searching her I found three duplicates, of pieces of ribbon, and they were found at the pawnbroker's, and they had them brought down, and they had them patterns on sale.


                  CHARLOTTE
                   WALWORTH
               



             sworn.
Q. Did the woman come to you in the shop? - Yes, she asked me to shew her some ribbons.
Q. Did you shew her the drawer? - I did.
Q. Where these two patterns in the drawer when you shewed it her? - I am very certain of that.
Q. Did you see her take any out? - I did not.
Q. Had she bargained for any thing with you at all? - Yes.
Q. She had not taken them out by your leave to look at them? - No.
Q. Who first gave you notice that she had stole any thing? - I had no notice till I see them taken from her, and the other fell down from under her apron.
Q. Did you see them picked up? - I did.


                  Q. 
               


            Can you swear to them? - I can.
Court to Macfall. What may be the value of these altogether? - Fifteen shillings.
Prisoner. I went to this person's house, the day I was committed, for half a skain of fourpenny thread, and some needles, and after I was served, there was some ribbons in the window, and I asked the lady the price? she said, seven-pence a yard; and I asked her if it was new fashioned? she said, no, it was old fashioned, butshe could shew me some very new fashioned ones, when the took out the drawer immediately, there was one ribbon there in particular, that she said was a very handsome one, and she unpinned it herself, and opened it, and asked me if I should like it? and she looked out one purple and green striped, at the same time she asked me how much I wanted (I had some currants in my apron eating at the same time) I told her a yard and a quarter; after she had cut me off a yard and a quarter, I paid her for it, and I paid her for the thread and needles; as I was turning about to go out, I felt something fall at my elbow; I said, I beg your pardon; and the man said, beg your pardons indeed, and they said I wanted to steal it, he took and laid it on the counter, and the other piece stood on the counter at the same time, and he said I meant to steal that too; they then sent for a constable, and took me to prison, and they took the yard and quarter of ribbon from me, that I had paid for. I hope you will pity my situation.
Court to Walworth. Did you sell her any thread and needles? - I did, and she paid for them, that she had first, and then asked for ribbon.
Q. Did you shew her either of these ribbons, or unpin them, and put them in her hands? - I did not.
Q. Did you put them on the counter at all? - I did not, I am perfectly sure of that.
Prisoner. I had fruit in my apron, and whether the ribbon was under my apron or no, I cannot say, the young womanshewed me eight or nine pieces, before she picked out one that I liked.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
