





92. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of December
, one guinea and a half in gold, and four and sixpence in silver
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Bailey
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY
                   BAILEY
               



             sworn.
I am a captain of marines
, on half pay. On Wednesday, the 15th of December, as I was returning home between twelve and one in the morning; I live in Westminster; I stopped at Ely-court


; I was seized round the body by the prisoner, who at the same time made use of a very wicked expression, too bad to mention here, and almost at the same moment put her left hand into my left breeches pocket; and I felt her take the money out of my pocket; she took, as near as I can guess, about a guinea and a half in gold, and four and sixpence in silver.
Was you quite sober? - I was perfectly sober, and could give a sufficient reason for being out at that time, if it was required; when I found that her hand was going out of my pocket, and that she had robbed me, I laid hold of her, and said, you have robbed me: and she laid hold of my hand in such a manner, that I thought she had broke it; indeed I thought it was a man instead of a woman; she said, if I called out, or made the least noise, she would cut my throat, and swear I was a sodomite; sheshoved the money out of her left hand into her right, for I heard it make a noise, and put it into her right hand pocket, and was making a noise with it in her pocket, as if to see if there was any gold amongst the silver, for about a minute or a minute and a half; I stopped, and she asked me what I stopped there for; I told her I would not leave her till she went with me; at last she went with me; I then brought her near that part of the court near St. Margaret's Church; and there was no watch there; I then took her to the other, and there was a watch; when she was taken to the watch-house, as soon as I gave the charge, she was searched; there was four and six-pence found in her pocket, and two bad sixpences; but the gold was gone; I am certain this is the woman, and I had the gold about me; I had seen it about twelve minutes before; when she was taken before the magistrate, she sent me word, if I would not appear and prosecute her, she would give me a guinea.
Prisoner. He offered me five shillings, and insisted on my going to drink with him? - I did not offer any thing.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming from St. James's-street; I am a widow
; and since my husband has been dead, I have been obliged to go into the street; I had occasion to call at the Rose and Crown; I wanted to see one of the Duke of York's servants; when I came out, this gentleman put his hand round me, and asked me if I would go home? he said, if I would take him home with me, he would give me a crown; I said, I could not; and I told him I would not stop out; he said, over and over again, he would give me a crown; walking on, the watchman asked him what business he had with me, as he knew by the manner of it, I was nothing to him; he abused the watchman, and told him that I was his wife; we went into a place where the prisoners come to Westminster-hall to be tried; he stopped there; he then said the house was shut up, but if I would stop there and oblige him, he would give me a crown; I stopped with him, and he behaved so indecent, that I cannot express; who called the watch, I cannot tell; but when the watch came, he laid hold of me, and said I had robbed him of a guinea and two shillings; and that I had attempted to cut his throat; when I came to be examined, he desired me to be stripped stark naked; he said he had lost seven and thirty shillings; my money was put on the table; I had a South-sea shilling in my pocket; he claimed it, and said it was his, which he would be on his oath he had received in Hedge-lane; he then said that I threatened to cut his throat; and if I did not return him his money, he would hang me if I had forty necks.


                  JAMES
                   CHETWIN
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman. My beat is in Prince's-street, Westminster. About one o'clock on the 16th of December, I heard somebody call watch; I went, and perceived it was Mr. Bailey; he said, this woman has robbed me of two guineas, and I must take charge of her; accordingly I did; she said that she did not touch his pocket, but he had offered her five shillings to b - r her, but she had refused; I took her to the watch-house, and delivered my charge to the constable, who searched her.
Prisoner. Watchman, you know that Mr. Bailey said he would hang me if I had forty necks, if it was only for the reward? - I know you said you had two bad sixpences; that is all I know about it.



               GUILTY
             (aged 31)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
