






284. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  ALFORD
               



             and 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  BAILEY
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of February
 last, two cloth jackets, value 6s. two pair of trowsers, value 4s, and one pair of drawers, value 6d. the goods of 
                     
                        Nathan 
                        Cohan
                     




                  , privily in his shop
            .
NATHAN COHAN sworn. - I keep a clothes shop in Rosemary-lane


; On the 22d of February, I lost the things mentioned, in the indictment, in the evening about nine o'clock; I had seen them about five minutes before, safe, I recovered them about a quarter of an hour after; my son gave the alarm, and I ran to his assistance; I went a good step, I saw the watchman with one of the prisoners, and my son with the other; I never saw either of the prisoners in my shop.


                  AARON
                   COHAN
               



             sworn. - I am the son of the last witness; I was at home about nine o'clock, I saw nobody in the shop; my father seeing the door open, asked me if I had put away the things, I said, no; then says he, we are robbed; I ran down the lane we live in, and saw the prisoner going into a house; I caught hold of Alford, and he had a jacket under his arm when I caught hold of him; I saw Bailey come out of the house, not three minutes after; I gave charge of them to the watchman; Alford said, he found the bundle in the street.


                  NEALE
                   MACKEW
               



             sworn. - I am a taylor; I produce two jackets, this is one of the jackets that were found; I was going down Rosemary-lane about my business, and 
               
                  Aaron
                   Cohan
               



             called me to give him assistance, and he delivered those things to me. (The things produced).


                  Aaron
                   Cohan
               



            . This is the jacket I took from Alford, this is my own mark upon it, I marked it some time before.
Alford's defence. I picked the jacket up in the street.
Bailey's defence. I had called at my master's, to tell him I could not come to work the next day, and these persons came up to me, and charged me with robbing the shop; I know nothing of the master.


                  Samuel
                   Alford
               



            , 


               GUILTY, Of stealing, value 4s. but not privily
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Richard Bailey, 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
