






103. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARWICK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of December
, two wooden casks, value 4s. two gallons of spirits, called gin, value 15s. and two gallons of compound, called pepper-mint, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Gordon
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Malachi 
                     Foot
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Raine).


                  DAVID
                   SAUNDERS
               



             sworn.
I am carmen to Messrs. Gordon and Foot, distillers

, in St. John-street; they are in partnership; On Thursday the 17th of December, I went out with some goods in my cart; I left it in Oxford-street


; I was absent from it about seven minutes; I left three casks; and when I returned there were two of them gone.
Q. What time was this? - A. Between six and seven.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. It was dark? - A. Yes.
Q. Could not you, positively, have dropped these casks out of your cart? - A. No.
Q. Where did you come from when you came to Oxford-street? - A. Carnaby-market; it was a close cart, with a tail-board; as close as the cart that had the silk in.
Q. You had not seen the casks, from the time you left Carnaby-market, till you got to Oxford-street? - A. Yes; I rode in the cart all the way.
Mr. Raine. Q. When did you last see them? - A. Immediately before I left the cart.


                  RICHARD
                   FERRIS
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to the Police-office, Worship-street: On Thursday the 17th of December, we had to go to Nathan's, a Jew, in Swallow-street, about some silk; near eight o'clock in the evening, I and some other officers, were in Nathan's shop; I saw the prisoners cross the way, about ten or twenty yards; and, when they got opposite Nathan's door, they crossed the way again; each of them had a cask with him; they knocked at Nathan's door, and Peach, the other officer, opened the door; the prisoner Barwick, was the first that went in, the other had his foot on the step; I pushed them both in; forward, shut the door, and bolted it; they then, directly, let the casks fall, and I took them into the parlour, and handcuffed them together; Mr. Peach fetched the kegs in, and aniron crow, that dropped at the same time that the kegs did, on the same spot; we took them before the Magistrate, and they were committed; I asked them, where they got them, and they said, they found them.
Mr. Ally. Q. They told you they found them? - A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM
                   PEACH
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Worship-street: I was with the last witness on the 17th of December, when the prisoners came to Nathan's, in Swallow-street; I was inside the door with another officer, Blackiter; I opened the door; Blackiter said, here are two with swags; that is, that they had something with them; I heard the kegs drop, and a crow; I said to Ferris, that is a crow, I will be bound for it; we took them into the parlour, and Ferris and Blackiter hand-cuffed them; there were two lights in the room; and I took one, and went into the passage, to see what it was that dropped; and I found these two kegs, and this crow, (producing them); I took them into the parlour; and one of them, Wilson, said, they did not belong to them, they did not know any thing of them, they were come in to buy a shirt, I think they said.
Court. Q. What does Nathan deal in? - A. Stolen goods.
Court. Q. That I take for granted; but what is his visible business? - A. He writes up "Nathan, Salesman."
Q. (To Ferris). Are these the same casks? - A. Yes; one of them fainted away, while we were handcuffing him.
Mr. Raine. (To Saunders). Look at these casks. - A. These are Mr. Gordon and Mr. Foot's; I know them by the marks; there is a brand mark, and a chalk mark upon them; P.M. White, and F. G.; they contained three gallons of peppermint, and three of gin.
Mr. Ally. Q. Your masters are eminent distillers? - A. Yes.
Q. They must have a vast number of casks? - A. Yes.
Q. And, I suppose, there is no difference between these casks and other casks, they are made in the same way? - A. Yes; but these are the casks that were taken away out of my cart.
Q. Is there any other person in the business with these two gentlemen? - A. No other name that I know of.
Q. Are there any other partners in your house? - A. No.
The prisoners left their defence to their counsel.
Barwick, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)
Wilson, GUILTY. (Aged 36.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERGEANT.





[Transportation. See summary.]


