





583. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SPARKES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of October
, a man's hat, value 2s. a pair of breeches, value 5s. a coat, value 2s. a handkerchief, value 2s. a neckcloth,value 4d. and eleven shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     James
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   JAMES
               



             sworn. - I am a waterman, and attend coaches
; I lodge at the Angel and Porter, in Golden-lane


: On Friday the 25th of October, St. Crispin's-day, I went out a little after six o'clock in the morning, and left the prisoner in bed in the same room; about two o'clock in the afternoon of the same day, my landlord came to inform me I was robbed; I went home, found my chest broke open, and the property mentioned in the indictment gone; I afterwards found the coat at the pawnbroker's, and the breeches and the hat.
Prisoner. Q. Was not there another man slept in the room the night you were robbed? - A. I saw nobody but himself and me.


                  JOHN
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn. - I am a labouring man, I keep a house: The prisoner and prosecutor lodged together, and slept in two different beds; the prosecutor went out between six and seven o'clock, and the prisoner went out between eight and nine; I took the prisoner between one and two the same day.


                  HENRY-BOLYON
                   WHEATLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker's servant, (produces a bat); it was pledged on Friday the 25th of October, at near one o'clock; I cannot swear who it was pledged by.


                  GEORGE
                   LRIGH
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker's servant: On the 25th of October, about ten o'clock in the morning, a man pledged a pair of breeches with me; I cannot say whether it was the prisoner or not. (Produces them).


                  ROBERT
                   REDDINGTON
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker's servant: On Friday the 25th of October, a little after nine o'clock in the morning, I took in this coat of a man, but I cannot swear who it was.


                  MARTIN
                   JONES
               



             sworn. - I am a headborough: I apprehended the prisoner last Friday week, at the Angel and Potter public-house, in Golden-lane; I seatched him, and found three pawnbroker's duplicates, one is for a hat, another for a coat, and another for a pair of breeches, (produces them); I also found two half-crowns, five shillings, two sixpences, and a kind of slatted piece of silver, that the prosecutor said was his; in his coat-pocket I found a neckcloth; and this handkerchief I found down the privy of the public-house where I apprehended him; he made a stout resistance, and it was with difficulty I secured him; I took him in a hackney-coach to the sitting Magistrate's in Worship street, and by their orders I went round to the pawnbrokers. (The property was deposed to by the prosecutor).


                  THOMAS
                   LATHAM
               



             sworn. - I made this hat for the prosecutor, I know it by the private mark; he has had it about two or three months.
Prisoner's defence. I was drinking with an acquaintance, at the Angel and Porter, on the Thursday night till twelve or one o'clock, and he and I went to bed together in the same room that the prosecutor sleeps in; I got up and had a sheep's-heart for breakfast, and was drinking there till I was taken up.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
