





323. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     COOPER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January
 last, a leather pocket book, value 14 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Owen
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   OWEN
               



             sworn.
I was standing to see the king go to St. James's, I believe it was the 13th of January last; I was standing in the park, near St. James's Gate


; there were several standing there besides; I was in front, and the prisoner and several others were behind me; there was a great croud; I found my pocket book was gone; I had it in the morning; I immediately accused the prisoner with taking it; and he said he had not; and was going to strike me; I let him go, but others came up; I hallooed out, and he was stopped; I saw him searched, and the pocket book dropt from between his legs; I saw it between his legs; it is mine; I had it that morning; I was going to Mr. Pitt, to receive a bill, and had taken it out to put a stamp in it; and I value the pocket book at 2 d.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. How far had the prisoner removed when you first challenged him? - As far as from here to the door.
He might have dropped it before he came to that place? - Yes.


                  PATRICK
                   MACMANUS
               



             sworn.
I was at the gate; I heard a great noise, and by the Duke of Marlborough's wall, the prisoner came running towards me, a number of people after him; says I stop; no, says he, damn you, I will not stop; I hit him on the head with my stick, and caught hold of him, and he tumbled me down, he did not strike me; I got up again, and another man had hold of him; I saw nothing of the book till the other witness produced it; Owen came up after I fell; on searching him for the book, I found this pocket book, and something like country bank notes.
Court to Prosecutor. When was it you saw this pocket book between the prisoner's legs? - When I came up to the prisoner, Macmanus had been thrown down. I believe he was got up again then; when I saw the pocket book between the prisoner's legs I was very near him.
How long did you see it before it fell? - A very little time; the prisoner swore he had it not; he was struggling with Macmanus and the other.
Prisoner. I leave it to my Counsel.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY 10 d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
