





403. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DOUGHTY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 2d of November
, in the King's highway, upon 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Jones
                     




                  , did make an assault, putting him in fear, and taking from his person a watch, value 2l. a watch chain, value 6d. a seal, value 2s. and a watch-key, value 6d.
             the property of the said Robert.


                  ROBERT
                   JONES
               



             sworn. - I am a journeyman bricklayer
: On the 2d of September, about ten minutes past ten at night, I was robbed of my watch in Wood-street, Cheapside


; I had come from the Old Change, and was going home to Featherstone-street, Bunhill-row; the prisoner took hold of my arm, and walked with me a few yards from Cheapside down Wood-street, to the corner of the first street, and he asked me what it was o'clock; I pulled my watch out of my pocket, with a chain, seal, and key to it, I held it in my hand to look what it was o'clock; I said it was somewhere about ten, I could not tell to a few minutes; he then snatched my watch with one hand, and knocked me down with the other in a moment, and then ran away.
Q. Did you make any resistance? - A. No; it was so sudden, it was gone before I could know any thing about it; I ran after him as soon as I could, I lost my hat and my shoe; my partner, 
               
                  William
                   Brown
               



            , went after him.
Q. Was Brown walking with you at this time? - A. Yes; he is a bricklayer, and works for the same master, we were going home together; when I came up, Brown had got hold of him upon the pavement, in Gutter-lane.
Q. Was there any lamp near you when you was robbed? - A. Yes, there was a lamp just over the place.
Q. Did you see what time it was by the light of that lamp? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you observe enough of his person to be able to swear to him? - A. Yes, he looked at my face several times.
Q. Did you find your watch? - A. No.
Q. Did he follow you, or pass you, before he spoke to you? - A. He did not pass me at all, he came up to me, and spoke to me, my partner had stopped to make water then; he had a white flannel jacket on, and I observed that he was very much marked with the small-pox, and had black straight hair.
Q. And did you take such notice of his person as to be able to swear positively that he is the man? - A. Yes.
Q. Were you sober? - A. I had been drinking with my partner, but I was not drunk.
Jury. Q. How long was the prisoner with you? - A. Not above ten minutes.
Court. Q. Do you suppose, if you had gone twenty miles from London the next day, and seen him, would you have challenged him as the man that robbed you? - A. If I had met him fairly I could.
Jury. Q. You have stated that you were in company with the prisoner ten minutes; - A. I cannot say positively how long.
Q. How were the ten minutes filled up, were you standing in conversation with him? - A. No; I was waiting for my partner.


                  WILLIAM
                   BROWN Sworn
               



            . - I am a bricklayer: The prisoner joined us in Cheapside, and took hold of Jones's arm.
Q.Was Jones sober? - A. No, he was not; he joined us in Cheapside, near Gutter-lane; we all three walked on together down Wood-street, till we got as far as Goldsmith-street, and there I stopped; while I was stopping, before I had done, I saw the prisoner running down Goldsmith-street as hard as he could run; Jones came running up, directly, without his hat or his shoe, he cried out,my watch, my watch; I pursued the prisoner, and cried stop thief; I lost sight of him at the corner of Gutter-lane; he stumbled over a post there, and a young man, a box-maker, stopped him, and when I came up, I found him under that young man; Mr. Shepherd, the constable, came up upon my crying stop thief, but neither the young man nor he are here; the constable of the night is here; he was searched in the watch-house, and nothing found upon him.
Q. Was the man that you stopped the same man that joined you and Jones? - A. All I know him by was his white jacket.
Q. Did you yourself know that the prosecutor was in possession of a watch? - A. Yes; I saw it when we were both drinking together at the public-house in the Old Change; it had a gilt chain, a seal, and a key.
Q. Did you live together? - A. No, I was going to see him part of the way home into Featherstone-street, because he was in liquor; the prosecutor came up directly after the prisoner was taken, and charged him with knocking him down, and robbing him of his watch, but he made no reply at all that I heard; he was searched in the watch-house, but nothing found upon him.
Q.(To Jones.) Where was you when the prisoner first came up to you? - A. In Cheapside.
Q. Now you being in liquor, can you take upon you to swear that the watch was taken from you in the manner you have described? - A. Yes.
Q. Are you sure you fell from the blow, and not from the darkness? - A. No, he cut me over the eye.
Q.(To Brown.) Did you observe whether he had any mark over his eye? - A. Yes, he was grazed.


                  ROBERT
                   SAINSBURY
               



             sworn. - I was constable of the night: On the 2d of this month the prisoner was brought in by one Brown, Shepherd, and King, the watchman; he was dressed in a flannel jacket, round hat, and whitish waistcoat, and black breeches; Jones gave the charge; he said, he snatched it out of his hand, and he said, that was the man that robbed him, and knocked him down; there was a little bit of a mark above his eye, and down his check bone; he was without a hat, and only one shoe; I searched the prisoner myself, but found nothing at all upon him; I had all his clothes off, and searched the linings of his clothes; Brown and Jones said, that the prisoner came up to them in Wood-street.
Prisoner. Q. Was not Brown drunk too? - A. No, he was rather freshish, but very capable of going about any business; Jones was very tipsey indeed.


                  HENRY
                   KING
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman in Gutter-lane, and have been twelve years; I was coming on my beat, and saw Mr. Shepherd and Brown dragging the prisoner along the ground; we took him to the watch-house, in Newgate-street; the charge was for stopping Jones, and snatching a watch out of his hand.
Q. Did he say any thing more? - A. I heard no more.
Q. Did he say any thing about knocking him down? - A. Yes, he said that he knocked him down.
Prisoner's defence. On that night I was coming through Cheapside, and the prosecutor was lying very drunk with his head against the step of a gentleman's door, and several people round him, without either shoe or hat on; Brown asked me to lend him a hand up with the prosecutor, for nobody would touch him; I led him to the corner of Wood-street, and a man ran away, I thought he had got something from him; I let him go, and pursued the man, and in running after him I stumbled against a stone, and they brought me back to the watch-house.
Q.(To Jones.) What may the watch be worth? - A. About two pounds.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
