





103. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CONNOWAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of December
, five hundred and seventy-six yards of lace, value 3l. 8s. two hundred and eighty yards of cotton fringe, value 9l. 12s. four hundred and twenty yards of cotton lace, value 15l. 10s.
             the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Deykins, the elder




            .


                  JAMES
                   DEYKINS
               



            , junior, sworn.
On Tuesday the 23d of December, the cart was sent out between two and three o'clock, and about five o'clock I heard of the loss.
JOHN BROWN sworn.
I am carman to Mr. Deykins; I was sent out with some parcels in the cart; Jenkins is my fellow servant; I went to deliver a parcel on Fish-street-hill


, and I left the cart in the care of Jenkins; I might be away about ten minutes, or not so much. When I came back to the cart I see a man discoursing with Jenkins, not this prisoner, and this prisoner at the bar was on the shafts of the cart, with a parcel in his arms taking it from the cart, upon which I runs and seizes hold of him, shoved the parcel from him on to the copse, and pulled him off from the copse of the cart; he had it completely in his arms off from the copse of the cart. He did not get away from me, but it was some time before I could get him secured to take him to the watch-house.
Q. What did you do with the parcel? - I took the parcel where it was directed to go into Wapping; I was afraid to go back with the parcel; I left it there all night and went for it the next morning.
Q. Now I would ask you whether it was the same parcel you received the next morning? Did you put your mark on it that night? - No.
Q. Did you observe the directions sufficient to know it again? - Yes.
Q. Who did you deliver it to the next morning? - I delivered it to the hands of my master's son.
Q. Who has had it ever since? - I delivered it to Mr. Deykins, junior.
Q.Perhaps you see that parcel before the magistrate? - Yes.
Q. Should you know it again? - Yes.
Q. Who brings it here? - I received it of my master this morning, Mr. Deykins, junior. This is the parcel, it was cut open at the Mansion House.


                  THOMAS
                   JENKINS
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you attend the cart? - Yes.
Q. Tell me whether in Gracechurch-street you saw the prisoner? - Yes, I see him stand on the shafts of the cart.

Q. Did you see any thing in his hands while he was there? - No, I see nothing but the parcel.
Q. How was the parcel? - It laid on the copse of the cart.
Q. Did you see it in his hands? - Yes, I see him raise it from the copse of the cart in his arms.
Q. Was any body talking to you at the time? - Yes, a man came up and asked me the way to Thames street, and I told him it was two or three turnings below.


                  JOHN
                   DEYKINS
               



            , junior, sworn.
My father is a carrier
.
Q. Look at the parcel in the indictment, there is a quantity of lace, did you see them packed up? - They were packed at Manchester; they were never opened till opened before the Lord Mayor.
Q. Are the contents properly charged in this indictment? - Yes.
Prisoner. I was coming along Fish-street hill, and a man hit me on the side of the head and said I was taking the things out of the cart.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
