








358. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     GREEN
                  



               
            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               




            , and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WHILE
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Grosvenor
                     



                  , otherwise called Lord Belgrave
, about the hour of one in the night, of the 22d of May

, and burglariously stealing therein, twenty-eight linen table cloths, value 8l. thirty-one linen napkins, value 4l. thirty-two cotton doilys, value 1l. 7s. one hundred and seventeen linen towels, value 2l.seventeen linen pillow cases, value 16s. twenty two linen glass cloths, value 1l. seven linen sheets, value 1l. 5s. a silver knife and fork, gilt, value 10s. a pair of metal candlesticks, value 1s. a silver tea pot and stand, value 2l. two silver sugar basons gilt, value 3l. a silver cream boat, value 9s. three silver table spoons, value 3l. a silver pepper spoon, value 1s. twenty-two silver tea spoons, value 1l. 10s. two pair of silver sugar tongs, value 4s. the goods of the said Lord Belgrave; two mens hats, value 2s. the goods of 
                     
                        Uriah 
                        Lane
                     



                  ; two silk cloaks, value 2s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alice 
                     Pemberton
                  



               
            : and 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving three linen sheets. value 15s. three linen table cloths, value 14s. two linen pillow cases, value 2s. a linen towel, value 6d. being a parcel of the before mentioned goods, she knowing them to have been stolen
            .(The case opened by Mr. Trebeck.)


                  URIAH
                   LANE
               



             sworn.
Q. You are butler
 to Lord Belgrave? - Yes, I am.
Q. What is Lord Belgrave's name? - Robert Grosvenor.
Q. Were you at Lord Belgrave's the 22d of May last? - Yes, I was.
Q. Between the 22d and 23d was the house broke open? It was.
Q. How late were you in the rooms on the 22d that were broke open? - About five minutes before twelve.
Q. Where was the house? - On the Millbank, Westminster.
Q. How soon the next morning did you see it? - About ten minutes after four.
Q. What part of the house was it that you see apparently broke the next morning? - The housekeeper's room.


                  Q. 
               


            Had you been in the housekeeper's room the night before? - Yes, I had, five minutes before twelve.


                  Q. 
               


            Describe the manner in which that room was fastened? - There are two windows in the room.
Q. Were these windows barred? - Yes, they were, with shutters and an iron bar.
Q. When you went in the next morning at four o'clock, were these bars in the situation in which you left them the night before? - They were not, one of the shutters was broke open, and the bar appeared to be almost broke off.
Q. Did the bar appear to be wrenched? - Very much so; I perceived that all the closets except two had been broke open, and in those two there was nothing material of consequence, there was earthen ware in one, and a few things in the other, of very little value.
Q. Had you seen any thing the night before in the closets that were broke open? - Yes, I had, tea spoons and other things; linen I did not see.
Q. Was there any thing on that night in that room, belonging to yourself? - Yes, two hats; they were both of them gone.


                  Q. 
               


            You have seen them since I believe? - Yes, I have, they are now in court.
Mr. Const. You say there were several closets in this room? - Yes, there were.
Q. And all that had any thing valuable in them were broken open, and the two others that had nothing valuable in them, were left? - It was so.
Q. Did it not occur to you that it must have been done by somebody that must have known the ways of the house? - It did occur so to me.


                  ALICE
                   PEMBERTON
               



             sworn.
Q. You are housekeeper
 to Lord Belgrave? - Yes.
Q. Do you recollect being in your room, what is called the housekeeper's room, on the 22d of May last? - I do.



                  Q. 
               


            How late were you in the room? - Till between eleven and twelve, I cannot say exactly what time, but I believe till very near twelve.
Q. Were the windows fastened at that time? - They were, and all the presses were locked.
Q. What was contained in these presses? - Linen, plate and china.
Q. Have you the care of that linen, plate and china? - I have.
Q. When did you see it there last? - On the 22d it was all there, and all locked at night when we went to bed, and nobody has the keys of the presses but me.


                  Q. 
               


            When did you go into the room again? - In the morning after the things were missed, a little after four.
Q. Did you perceive any thing missing then? - Every thing.
Q. Did you miss any table cloths? - Yes, I cannot ascertain the number, but the inventory of them is taken, I think eight and twenty.
Q. Did you miss any napkins? - Yes; a great number.
Q. Fifty? - Yes, I dare say, or more
Q. Any pillow cases? - Yes, I cannot ascertain the number.
Q. Ten or a dozen? - I dare say there is.


                  Q. 
               


            Any linen cloths? - Yes, a great number, towels, and glass cloths, and knife cloths.
Q. Were there any sheets? - Yes, three pair of irish, and one pair of russia.


                  Q. 
               


            Were there any plate missing? - Yes, a silver knife and fork in a green case, gilt; a pair of metal candlesticks, a tea pot and stand, a cream boat, two sugar boats, silver and gilt on the inside; boats we call them, they have two handles.
Q. Were there any table spoons? - I cannot ascertain the number, but I think there were three.
Q. Was there a pepper spoon? - Yes, a silver one.
Q. Was there any tea spoons? - Yes, twenty-two, silver.
Q. Were there any sugar tongs? - Yes, two pair.
Q. Have you seen these since? - No.
Q. Have you seen any of the linen since? - Yes, the greatest part of them.
Q. I think you have seen none of the plate? - None of the plate, only the knife and fork.
Q. Did you lose any thing yourself that evening? - A few cloth aprons, and two black mode cloaks.
Q. Were they in the room called the housekeeper's room? - They were, either hanged up or throwed over something.


                  ANN
                   HIGHLEY
               



             sworn.
Q. You are servant in Lord Belgrave's house? - Yes.
Q. Did you go into the housekeeper's room of Lord Belgrave, in the morning of the 23d of May? - Yes; I am not certain what time, but I believe it was about four o'clock; as I went into the room the first door in the passage was fast.
Court. Were you the first person that went down stairs. - Yes.
Q. Was it day light - Yes.
Mr. Trebeck. What did you discover when you went into the room? - I found some of the locks open.
Q. Was the window broke open? - Yes.
Q. Was the bar wrenched? - I did not look; the upper sash was drawn down.
Q. How far is it from that window to the ground? - I don't know, a very little distance.
Q. Four or five feet? - It may be that for what I know.

ELIZABETH SAMUEL sworn.
Q. Where were you early in the morning on the 23d of May last? - In Water-lane. I live in Grub-street, I was in Grub-street till a little before three o'clock; it was neither light nor dark, the watchman went three just as I came out of my door, I was fetched from my house that morning.
Q. Who fetched you? - One 
               
                  Joseph
                   Tidmarsh
               



            .
Q. What time did he call on you? - It was rather before three.
Q. How far is that to Millbank? - I don't know where Millbank is.
Q. Grub-street is somewhere about Moorfields? - It is.
Q. It is about twenty minutes walk? - More than that.
Q. Did you go any where with Joseph Tidmarsh? - I went to Sarah Parker's room, at the bottom of Water-lane, Fleet street; I never see her before, I knew Tidmarsh, I had seen him.


                  Q. 
               


            When you got into 
               
                  Sarah
                   Parker
               



            's room, who did you see? - I see Tidmarsh and Brown, and Green, and White; Sarah Parker was down stairs, she came up and down into the room, I did not take much notice of her; when I got in there I see some linen, and I purchased them; Green and White brought some plate, Brown was ill on the bed in the same room, very ill he said he was, I believe he had no coat on.
Q. Was he undressed? - No, nothing further.
Q. You say they brought the plate, how did they bring it? - I sat down on the bed, there was not many chairs in the place, and they brought it to the bed where I was, they brought it from some part of the room, they did not go out of the room. There was a silver tea pot and stand, and several spoons, table spoons and tea spoons, and several other articles which I cannot rightly tell, because I never see them from the time they packed them up; there were some sugar things what they put sugar in.


                  Q. 
               


            Were they gilt inside? - I cannot tell.


                  Q. 
               


            Were there two handles to them? - I cannot say, I left it to them to pack up.
Q. Did any of them speak to you, or make any proposal? - They asked me no further questions than whether I would buy them? - I told them yes, I would buy them, if I could agree with them.
Q. What did they ask you for them? - Thirty guineas; I said I could not give any thing like the money, I offered eighteen guineas.
Q. Was that in the hearing of them all? - It was. Green said he would not take no such money, then when he said he would take no such money, he said I must give him a present for himself, not letting the rest know, then he would agree to take that money, but he said he must have seven guineas, which they were to know nothing about.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you agree to give him that and the eighteen too? - Yes; the eighteen I paid there, and the seven guineas I had not about me
Q. Who were the eighteen guineas paid to? - To Green and White.
Q. Did Brown say any thing? - He never said any thing to me; he was very ill, he did not seem to me much concerned in the business. I paid a ten pounds note and a five pounds note to White, and the three guineas and fifteen shillings I gave to Green.
Q. Then you did not pay any thing to Green besides that, at that time? - No.
Q. Then when this money was paid, did you desire any of these men to do any thing? - Yes, to take and carry them to where I ordered them, and I went with them.

Q. But before you did that did you desire them to do any thing? - I desired Green to go and get a basket.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you give him any thing for doing that? - I gave him a guinea to get some rum, and he brought me the change.
Q. Did he go to get the rum? - Yes.
Q. How long was he gone? - I believe about twenty minutes, for it was so early; he brought two shillings worth of rum, and a large basket, like a butter basket, that he had borrowed.
Q. Do you think you should know it again? - Yes.
Q. Was that basket large enough to hold all the things? - No, I gave half a crown to White and Tidmarsh, to get some hampers, like wine hampers, to put the remainder in. They were gone a good while.
Q. Did they go before Green came back? - No; they were gone some time, the shops being shut up they could not get them.
Q. Did they bring the basket? - Yes.
Q. And then when they brought the baskets, who were then in the room? - They were in the room, all four men and myself.
Q. Brown had not gone out of the room? - No, he still remained on the bed.
Q. Had you any conversation with Brown while they were gone? - All the conversation I had was, he said he was very ill, and very much afflicted with the rheumatism.
Q. What did you not talk any thing about the things? - No; for Green was packing the things up while I was talking to Brown.
Q. When Green came back with his butter flat, and the others with their wine baskets, did they do any thing? - Green was packing up the linen and plate in the butter basket, and he put as much in as eit co uldh old.
Q. When White and Tidmarsh came back, what did they do? - Then White packed up one of the other hampers, and Green had done his, and tied it up with cords, and then he helped to pack up the others. There were two hats and two cloaks that I did not take, I said they were of no use to me; they were two mens hats.


                  Q. 
               


            Round hats? - Yes; I cannot say that I should know them again, because I never took them into my hand.
Q. What sort of cloaks were they? - I see them, but I never looked at them, they were rags.
Q. Silk cloaks were they? - Yes, they were.
Q. These were not packed up? - They were not.
Q. During all the transactions did you see 
               
                  Sarah
                   Parker
               



            ? - Yes, she came up once into the room, and she had a glass of rum, but had no conversation with me. When the baskets were all packed up, I asked them to carry them to a place according to my directions; Green he carried the large flat, White carried the one hamper he brought, and Tidmarsh carried the other hamper, being small.
Q. Did you all leave 
               
                  Sarah
                   Parker
               



            's house? - Yes, I left it, I never went there afterwards, I went with the men, all of them, to shew them where to take the goods to.
Q. What time of the morning might that be? - I dare say it was between six and seven before we got where we were to go.
Q. Then from Water lane which way did they go? - We went through a turning that faces the house we came out of, and so just on the bridge.
Q. Did you go over Blackfriars-bridge? - Yes, by the Obelisk.
Q. All in company? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Did any of them tell you where they brought these things from? - No.


                  Q. 
               


            I suppose you asked no questions on that subject? - No, I did not; I wentup the street that goes by the Obelisk, that takes you to the London-road, near the Philanthropic Society.


                  Q. 
               


            The men continued in your company? - Yes. When I got near there I gave Green directions where to go; I shewed him partly the house where he was to take this basket to, to No. 4, in Prospect-row, and to ask for Mrs. Seek's, she keeps the house; my husband lodged there then.
Q. Is that within the rules of the prison? - No, it was only for his health, he only was there for six weeks; I ordered Green to take that up and tell him to give seven guineas to send to me, and tell him nothing about nothing till I come, and that he was not to unpack the basket till I come.
Q. Who were these seven guineas for? - That was for himself. I stopped for his return a good bit, for I had the other two men with me while I stopped.
Q. Did they stop with you till he came back? - Yes, and he told me that he had it.


                  Q. 
               


            Did he tell you that he had delivered the basket? - Yes, and that it was all right. Green went away and waited a little for the rest coming; he did nothing more. White and Tidmarsh stopped with me, and I gave them directions where to go with my little boy, my little boy came out from my husband's lodgings. White carried the second basket where Green carried the first; I was stopping there nigh this. but opposite the way, and at the door he met my little boy, and I told him to tell the boy it was wine; and the boy carried it up stairs.


                  Q. 
               


            While white was doing this, Tidmarsh was with you? - Yes, Tidmarsh was with me, and Green was waiting the opposite side of the way.
Q. Did you give Tidmarsh any directions? - Tidmarsh went with my little boy at the same time he carried the other hamper where he was to take it, to a strange lodging, with my little boy.
Q. Did you see Tidmarsh and your boy carry the third basket? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Where did they carry it to? - I don't know the person's name, but she keeps a chandler's shop, opposite No. 4, Prospect-row; she is here; I believe it is Marshall-street.


                  Q. 
               


            Who lodges there? - One Simon Samuel did, my husband's brother.
Q. Did you see that delivered? - No; the boy came back, he was not at home; he knew nothing of my putting it there.
Q. But the basket was left? - Yes; my little boy went up into his room, and shut the door, and came down; he told me so.
Q. Did you see Tidmarsh after that? - No; they went about their business after that.
Q. But it was within your sight that the basket was delivered? - Yes, it was.
Q. How long was it before you see your little boy again? - Presently.
Q. Did you all separate? - Yes, they went together, and I went my own way.
Q. Have you seen any of the property since? - No.
Q. How soon did you call at the house in Prospect row? - I called there on Sunday, and they told me what alarm there had been.
Q. What day of the week was this that you took these things? - Saturday, the 23d of May.
Q. That was the morning that they called you up? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you go to the house in Prospect row? - I was going on Saturday evening.


                  Q. 
               


            What preverted you from going? - Because I heard that the Bow-street gentlemen had been there, and the things were all took away. I did not go at all there.


                  Q. 
               


            Then you never see the goods afterwards? - No, I could not see them after the goods were taken away.
Q. When did you see any of the prisoners again? - I believe the Thursday afterwards, at Bow-street.
Q. Did you see any of them before that? - No, I do not remember that I did.
Mr. Const. Samuels is your name? - 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Samuels
               



            .
Q. You lived in Grub-street, I think you said? - Yes.
Q. Are you the same person that we have seen here before? - I don't know, very likely you might.
Q. I am alluding to one circumstance only; that business in Aldersgate-street? - I don't know nothing of Aldersgate-street.
Q. You was not the same person? - No, I was not.
Q. Do you remember a person of the name of Lowe or Jobbins? - Upon my word I do not.
Q. You told us you got up a little before three that morning? - Yes, when I was called.


                  Q. 
               


            Tidmarsh, I take it for granted, is off? - So they say.
Q. Pray, at the time you was at this house in Water-lane, was there any person present at any part of what you have told us, besides these people? - None.
Q. None but the four men and Mary Parker? - No, she was not present at my buying, nor when I gave the money.


                  Q. 
               


            You was to give eighteen guineas? - did give eighteen guineas.
Q. But if I heard you right, you made a separate bargain with Green? - It was not me; I was going, but Green, as I had my hat and cloak on going, he came to me and said if I would give him seven guineas I should have them, and I thought it being a bargain I would give it him


                  Q. 
               


            You lived in Grub-street, but your husband had lodgings in Prospect row.
Q. Is your boy here? - No; the justice thought he was too young; he is not ten years old.
Q. Was that the boy that was convicted last session? - No, it was not. He was convicted in a very wrong cause; we can prove he is very innocent.
Q. Pray who is this 
               
                  Simon
                   Samuel
               



             that you have told us of? - The person where I put the things unbeknown to him. It was a furnished lodging.
Q. You put them there unbeknown to your husband? - Yes, I did; he did not know what it was.
Q. Are you a jewess? - Yes, I am.
Q. And your husband gave the seven guineas to Green without any enquiry or any thing? - He gave it to me. I sent word he was not to touch any thing, but give me seven guineas immediately. He knew I was not far.


                  Q. 
               


            Your brother Simon and your husband has separate house? - Not houses.


                  Q. 
               


            Pray what is your brother? - My husband's brother is a single man, and he travels the country and keeps that lodging, because it would be very hard to have a fresh lodging to seek every time he comes to town.
Prisoner Green. I never received a farthing of that woman's husband, nor never see him but once with my eyes.


                  ISAAC
                   WEBBER
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 37, Wych-street, at the Crooked Billet, behind St. Clement's Church.


                  Q. 
               


            Look at the prisoners at the bar. Do you know any of them? - I know them all, women and men.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you see any of them on the 23d of May last? - Yes. About seven o'clock, or a little more, in the morning, Green came into our house and requested the loan of a three dozen wine hamper; I told him I had not such a thing in the house. He asked if I had a basket.

Q. Did he tell you what it was for? - No, he did not. I told him I believed there was an old basket in the cellar, if it was of any use to him he might have it; it had been left at our house some time before, by mistake by one Charles Clarke; it was a butter flat.
Q. Should you know it again? - I don't know whether I should or should not. He took it. (Produced) It was very much like this; I believe this is it; I am sure I know of no marks, because I never looked at it.


                  DIANA
                   SEEKS
               



             sworn.
Q. Where do you live? - No. 4, Prospect-place.
Q. A little time before the 23d of May had you let any of the rooms to any person? - Yes; I let my room to Mr. Samuel, three weeks before he went into the country, and was gone about a fortnight, and I did not let the room, and he applied for it, and I let him have it again.
Q. On the 23d of May was Mr. Samuel a lodger in your house? - Yes.
Q. Was there any thing brought to your house on the morning of the 23d of May? - Yes. In the morning about half after seven o'clock, the prisoner Green at the bar brought the butter flat, as it proved to be, and Mrs. Samuel's son with an handkerchief on his arm. This is the basket to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Was the smock frock on the basket then? - I believe it was.
Q. You know Mr. Samuel's son when you see him? - Did you see him after that? - In the space of half an hour the boy returned with an hamper on his back, which he pitched at the door; the boy called for his father, and the father carried it up stairs.
Q. Where were you? - I was at the kitchen window, and faced it the same as I do you. Mr. Samuel came down stairs, and said that his wife's brother had took a large house. The small hamper is not here I perceive.
Q. Have you seen that hamper since? - Yes, I see it to day, and not till to day.(Produced.)


                  Q. 
               


            Was the hamper that was brought full of any thing? - As full as ever it could hold. I knew it by the pack thread that I tied on it when I went to Bow-street to let the gentlemen know of the robbery.
Mr. Const. Who do you say brought that basket there? - The jew's son; a boy about thirteen years of age, according to my best judgment.


                  Q. 
               


            There was somebody came with him? - No, not at that time.


                  SARAH
                   GELDING
               



             sworn.
Q. Where do you live? - Marshall-street, London-road, very near Prospect-place, it is not opposite to it, but near it, the end of the street is opposite my house, I let a room the first day of October last, to one Samuel; I don't know any other name.
Q. Do you know any relations living near there? - I don't know any other than his brother that lodged at Mrs. Seek's; I see him go there. On the 23d of May last a boy brought a hamper to my house, about eleven o'clock, and he asked for his uncle Samuel, which I told him he was gone out for the day; he said he was to wait for him half an hour, and I told him to carry the hamper up into his uncle's apartment; he did so, and set it down.
Q. Did any body call there that morning? - Not that I remember besides the boy. I was out at market the morning part.
Q. Do you remember seeing Samuel in the course of that day? - I do not remember seeing him.



                  Q. 
               


            Did you ever she that basket afterwards? - The basket was brought down, and put into the kitchen empty. He came home in about half an hour after the boy came out.
Q. That is what I have been asking you for these five minutes. Did Samuel, your lodger, in the course of that morning come home? - He did so, in the course of half an hour; he went up stairs; he likewise stopped for about half an hour, and came down with the hamper in his hand.
Q. Was it in the same condition when he brought it down stairs as when the boy carried it up? - It was not; it was entirely empty with the lid hanging down. He said, Mrs. Golding, I will be obliged to you to let me put this hamper back, it will be a lumber in my room.
Q. How was the hamper brought? - It was brought on the boy's shoulders shut. I cannot tell what it contained.
Q. It was full? - I cannot tell, it might, it was on the boy's shoulder, fastened up.
Q. It had the appearance as if it had some thing in it? - Certainly it had. I gave the hamper to the officer when he came for his linen.
- LIDDARD sworn.
Q. Did you find any basket at Mrs. Golding's? - Yes, but there was no property in it. The hamper is not here.
Mr. Const to Golding. At your house, I believe the husband's brother lived, not the husband? - Yes.
Q. Now, on this day that you have described, the only hamper was brought by this receiver's son? - By a little lad that passed for the son.
Q. The prisoner White did not bring a hamper as she has told us, but her son? - Nobody else came on earth.
Q. Samuel owned the hamper? - He brought the hamper down, and asked me to let it be there, as it would be lumber in his room, and it was there till I gave it the officer.
Q. How long has he lived with you? - Ever since the first of last October? -
Q. Then he has not lived with you three or four years, while he was travelling round the country? - Not with me.
Mr. Trebeck. How long have you been in the house? - Since last Michaelman.


                  Q. 
               


            Whether any body came along with the boy with this hamper to your house you don't know? - I do not; I did not see any body but the boy. I was very busy about my business.


                  Q. 
               


            You came to the house last Michaelmas; then whether this man had lodged before at that same house, that you took before last Michaelmas, you don't know? - I don't know.


                  Q. 
               


            What time of the day did you take it in? - About eleven o'clock to the best of my knowledge.


                  Q. 
               


            What makes you fix at that part of the day? - I took notice that it was eleven o'clock by my clock, just before the boy came in.
Q. To 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Samuel
               



            . Where did you go after you parted with this man? - After I parted with these men I went towards my own place, towards Grub-street, home. I called in at the Old-bailey first; I called in at some house.
Q. What stay did you make at that house? - I stopped a good bit on my unfortunate son's trial; I stopped till the evening; I stopped here till the court broke up. When I had parted with these men I came immediately here, and waited at the Pit's Head, and never quitted the place all the day; I came here about nine o'clock.
Q. Why did you take notice it was nine o'clock? - Because I was ordered to be here by nine o'clock, judging his trialwas to come on the first of the Middlesex.
Q. Did your boy come to you after he had been in? - Yes, he did, and he told me he had left it.


                  JAMES
                   HARTLEY
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 1, Ne e's-passage, Great Earl-street, Seven Dials.
Court to Golding. Was it after your breakfast that these hampers was brought to your house? - Yes, after I had breakfasted.


                  Q. 
               


            What time do you usually get up in the morning? - I get up about six.
Q. What time do you usually breakfast? - Sometimes by eight, half after eight, and sometimes before.
Q. How long was it after breakfast that this hamper was brought to you that morning? - I cannot say, because I do not recollect the hour that I breakfasted at.
Q. To Hartley. Do you recollect any person bringing a box to your house, on the 23d of May? - It came of a Saturday night; I will not be sure how long ago it was; it was the very Saturday night before Mr. Green was taken.
Q. Do you know Green? - Yes; I have a very little knowledge of him. It was a shoe-maker brought the box to my house, his name was Boyd.
Q. What was it brought for? - It was a woman that worked with me; I give out work in the army trade, when I am at home, and she left this box at her lodgings for some rent, as she told me.


                  Q. 
               


            However there was a box brought to your house by Boyd, when you was at home? - Yes. When the box was brought to my house Mr. Green was sitting there, he just had been drinking a pot of beer before, and the women were all waiting for their money, to be paid.
Q. Did Green say any thing about the box to him? - No. The box was brought in my room the present time; it was an empty box, of one 
               
                  Mary
                   Anderson
               



            , who worked for me, and she went and fetched it from this lodging.
Q. Do you know what Green paid for it? - Five shillings. He asked me if I would be so kind as to let it stand there two or three days? I told him by all means, it would not be in my way.
Q. How long did it remain there? - 
               
                  Till
               


             the following Thursday.
Q. Between that Saturday and the Thursday was there any person that went to that box? - Yes, there was Mary White, several times.
Q. Was the box, when Green brought it, empty? - No, there were things in it, but the woman took them out, and left the box.
Q. Did you see her do any thing with the box? - No, I never took any notice of what she put in, or any thing of the kind; the brought some things once or twice, or three times, or four times; she brought a little parcel in her apron. I see her put what she brought into the box.
Q. Did you observe what sort of parcels they were? How were they wrapped up? What appearance had they? - I never looked particularly; but when she did bring up any thing she asked me to let her put it into the box.
Q. You say what she brought she put into the box? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Were there any bundles at that time laying about the room? - No, I never see any.


                  Q. 
               


            Do you recollect any person coming to your house, and finding that box and taking it away? - Yes, Mr. Taylor.


                  Q. 
               


            How after you had seen her put any on the bundles into the box? - Upon my word I cannot say; she might put a little in two days before; I cannot say upon my word.



                  Q. 
               


            When Taylor did find the box, was it open? - No, it was locked.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you ever see any bundles that were not put into the box? - No, I never see any thing laying in the room but my own things.


                  Q. 
               


            Had any person put any thing into the box, except the prisoner 
               
                  Mary
                   White
               



            , from the time of Green's buying it? - No, no person to my knowledge.
Q. Had any body access to this box besides yourself and her? - It stood up in the corner of the room, any body might get at it that came into the room.
Q. Was it locked? - Yes, always locked. 
               
                  Mary
                   White
               



             had the key in general.
Q. Did she borrow the key of you? - No, she had it in her pocket.
Q. When she might put these bundles into the box, did she say they belonged to any body? - No, nobody particular.
Q. Did she say to whom these things belonged? - No, nobody at all. Mr. Green said once or twice that there were some of his wife's things that he had been taking out of pawn.


                  Q. 
               


            When did Green say they were his wife's things that he had been taking out of pawn? - Once or twice, when Mrs. White came up he was there; I was mending his breeches once when Mrs. White came up. I am a taylor by trade.
Q. Did you ever see them together when she brought any of these bundles? - I cannot say particularly that they were together.
Q. Did you ever see her open the box? - Upon my word I never took any notice.
Court. You tell me that the box was always locked, and she came and put things in? - Yes, I heard her put the things in, and heard her unlock the box, but I did not see her, because I might not look up off my work.
Q. When was the last time you see Mary White at your house? - On the morning 
               
                  Mary
                   White
               



             and Mr. Green was taken; I was sitting mending Mr. Green's breeches; she had come up about an hour before.
JOSEPH TAYLOR sworn.
Q. You are one of the officers of Bow-street? - Yes. On the 21st of May, I apprehended Green, the prisoner at the bar, in Neale's passage, Seven Dials; the man that has the room where Green was is named Hartley, he is here, one of the evidences. When I apprehended Green he was sitting in a chair without a hat; I found this hat, it was hanging by where he sat, on the foot of the bedstead, which was turned up
Q. Who was in that room? - Green, and Hartley, and Mary Ann White, and I think Hartley's wife.(The hat produced)
Q. To Hartley. Look at that hat, is that your hat? - No, it is not.
Q. How came it in your room? - When Mr. Green came into my room he took it off and hung it upon the leg of the bed.
Q. Do you mean that he brought it into your room? - Yes
Q. To Lane. Is it your hat? - Yes, it is one of the hats that was lost, on the morning of the 23d, and I left it in the evening of the 22d.
Q. You mean in the house-keeper's room of Lord Belgrave? - Yes, in that room.


                  Q. 
               


            You are sure it is your hat? - It is.
Q. To Taylor. Did you find any thing else in the room where you found that hat? - Not when I apprehended the prisoner; I went back again afterwards, there I founda trunk or box that contains some property that proved to be Lord Belgrave's.(The box produced.)
Q. Was there any thing in it? - Yes, there was some linen, and several articles that are now in it; it has been locked in it ever since.
Q. To Hartley. Is that the box that Green bought of 
               
                  Mary
                   Anderson
               



             at your house? - Yes, it is.
Q. Is that the box that the woman prisoner had the key of? - Yes.
Q. And the box that she put the linen in, or whatever the bundles might be - Yes, whatever she brought she put in.
Q. Did you see Taylor take that box? - No.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   KENNEDY
               



             sworn.
On Wednesday, the 27th of May, I went to the house of correction in Cold Bath Fields, I enquired for the prisoner Brown; one of the turnkeys shewed me where he was; I went in and asked him if he had not a hat? he said, yes; and by the bedside where he lay upon, I picked up this hat; he then defaulted and said White gave it him.
Q. Did he take it up and gave it into your hand? - No, I took it up myself.
Lane. It is my hat; it was in the room the evening of the 22d, and Saturday morning I missed it with the other.


                  JOHN
                   RIVETT
               



             sworn.
Q. You are one of the Bow-street officers? - I am; I went with Taylor to the place where this box was, and helped him bring it away; he unlocked the box in the room and found some property that belonged to Lord Belgrave
Q. Was that in Hartley's house? - Yes. Taylor gave me the key.
Taylor. I took it out of 
               
                  Mary
                   Ann
               



             White's pocket.
Rivett. In the box I found these two pistols loaded.(Produced.)
Q. They are not loaded, I suppose, now? - No, they are not. I have got the powder and ball in my pocket; and a small dark lanthorn that was in a chest in the room.
Q. To Taylor. Have you any property that was found? - I have some property that was found in St. George's Fields, No. 20, in Marshall-street, a silver knife and fork gilt; I found some other property that is here among the rest in that house.
Q. To Golding. What Number do you live at? - No. 20.
Q. To Taylor. Did you find that box there? (A box produced) - Yes, I did, These candlesticks were not in the box, it was standing on the cupboard, by the box, in the front room one pair of stairs.
Q. To Colding. Which was the room 
               
                  Simon
                   Samuel
               



             rented of you? - The front room one pair of stairs.
Q. To Taylor. Did you find any other property at any other time? - No, only when I went to St. George's Fields the first time, when the hamper and basket was found. It was on Sunday the first beginning of it, with respect to No.4, Prospect-row, there I took this hamper out of one of the cupboards, and Rivett took the other out of the other cupboard.


                  Q. 
               


            Out of what room was this taken? - That was the front room two pair of stairs.
Q. To Mrs. Seeks. What room had Samuel in your house? - Two pair of stairs front room.
Taylor. This is the hamper I took.(Produced) Then I went to Simon Samuel's, No. 20, Marshall-street. In this hamper there was some linen that is in it now.
Q. To Rivett. What was in the basketthat you took? - The same linen that is in it now.
Q. To Taylor. What was in the box when you took it? - The same things that are in it; there were some stockings or something that belonged to Green.


                  Q. 
               


            But the same things are in it now? - Yes.
Mr. Pemberton. This silver gilt knife and fork is Lord Belgrave's; it was left in the room the night before it was broke open. (The box produced) These twenty-five glass cloths and towels are Lord Belgrave's, they were in my room the night before, and missed the morning. These candlesticks also, thirty-four napkins, valued at a shilling a piece.
Q. What are the twenty-five glass cloths and towels worth? - Half a crown altogether.
Q. What do you think these candlesticks are worth? - Eighteen-pence. Five table cloths and a pillow case of Lord Belgrave's worth two shillings and six pence a piece; twenty doileys, worth half a crown the whole.
Q. To Lane. What is the value of the knife and fork? - Eight shillings.(The property produced found in the box at Hartley's.)
Pemberton. Here are three sheets worth five shillings a piece, Lord Belgrave's; a towel and two pillow cases, worth four shillings. (The property found at No. 4, Prospect place produced.) Four table cloths, three pillow cases, and eight glass cloths, worth eight shillings; forty towels, worth twenty shillings; forty-four linen napkins, worth forty-four shillings; twelve pillow cases, worth twelve shillings; thirty towels, worth fifteen shillings; and seven table cloths, worth thirty shillings.
Q. Were the rest of the things in that basket Lord Belgrave's? - They are, all of them.
Prisoner Green. The things that Mary White put into the chest, I gave her to put in; and she knew nothing but that they were my wife's things, no more than a child unborn; and it was the first offence I ever was guilty of in my life, and I hope you will recommend me to mercy.
Prisoner 
               
                  Richard
                   White
               



            . I leave it all to my counsel. She is my lawful wife; I have the copy of my marriage with me now.
Prisoner Mary 
               
                  Ann
                   White
               



            . I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner Green called two witnesses to his character, who said he was a sawyer.
The prisoner 
               
                  Mary
                   Ann White
               



             called two witnesses to her character, who gave her a good one till she unfortunately married.


                  William
                   Brown
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Benjamin Green, 

               GUILTY
            . 



               Death
            .(Aged 21.)


                  Richard
                   White
               



            , GUILTY. Death.(Aged 22.)


                  Mary
                   Ann White
               



            ,


               GUILTY
            .(Aged 18.)




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Jury. We recommend Mary Ann White to the mercy of the Court.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
