





457. 
               
                  STAFFORD 
                  LETT
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of June
, a great coat, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Goldham
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   GOLDHAM
               



             sworn. - The prisoner, with seven or eight others, came into my shop, I keep wine-vaults
, No. 7, Fore-street


: About nine o'clock in the evening, on Friday the 16th of June, they asked for some liquor; while I was serving them, one of them went into my accompting-house, and took my great coat off the hook, which I do not know, the prisoner was the only man that went out of the shop; when he went out, I suspected my coat was gone, and I went to look, and it was gone, all the rest remained in; I followed him out, and he began to set off directly, I pursued him, and he threw the great coat down, I called out, stop thief, and he was taken; I lost sight of him after he threw down the great coat; he was taken, I suppose, two hundred yards from where the coat was thrown away, down another street.


                  JOHN
                   SHRUBSHAW
               



             sworn. - I am a book-binder; I heard the cry of stop thief; I went out and stopped him, and took him back to Mr. Goldham,(produces the coat); I received this from Mr. Goldham, when I took the prisoner to his house.
Goldham. This is my great coat that the prisoner threw away.
Prisoner's defence. I had just left work, and stopped to have a glass of anniseed; I had pulled off my trowsers with my money in them; I said, I could not have the anniseed then, I would go back and get the money out of my trowsers, and when I came back again, I heard a cry of stop thief, and they laid hold of me; I never saw the coat.
Jury. Q. How many people were there when you stopped him? - A. There might be sixty or seventy.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
