






521. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN, otherwise 
DALTON; otherwise 
DELFER





            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARBER
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, one hundred yards of muslin, value 30l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Mountsey
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Porthouse
                        



                     
                  , privily in their shop
            .

WILLIAM MOUNTSEY sworn.
I am a linen draper

. I have been a partner with William Porthouse, I know nothing of the robbery.
ABRAHAM JOHNSON sworn.
I am a fireman and peace officer of the city. I produce some muslin.


                  JONATHAN
                   HOBDEN
               



             sworn.
I am fifteen, a linen draper, an apprentice to Mr. Mountsey.


                  Q. 
               


            Was he robbed at any time of any muslin? - Yes, on the 21st of July, Monday, between the hours of three and four.
Q. In what manner did it happen? - I did not see.


                  Q. 
               


            Do you know whether of your own knowledge they were in your shop on that day? - I don't know. I was in the counting house behind the shop when one came in. I saw one of the men come into the shop. I don't know the muslin was missing till the constable brought the man and muslin. The constable Johnson.
Q. Did he bring both the men in? - No, the one nearest the Jury, 
               
                  John
                   Barber
               



            . The muslin was brought in this wrapper, under this cover that it has on now.


                  Q. 
               


            Was you master at home then? - Yes, he was. And they took him to the counter.
Q. Had you ever seen him before the constable brought him in? - No, never.
Johnson. On the 21st of July, at half after three, I was standing at my plying place, at Bread-street, next to Cheapside, and I saw the two prisoners at the end of Bread-street, in company with another, and knowing of Delser, having had him in custody before, I directly went up to the top of the street, and crossed the way, and kept them in my sight till they came against Mr. Mountsey's shop or warehouse, in Cheapside, a little below Bow-lane, they passed backwards and forward three or four times, at last, I see Delser go into Mr. Mountsey's shop, he was in not above half a minute; Barber, while he was in, placed himself next towards Cheapside, a little from the door facing, and the other on the other side, then Brown came out with this bundle, in this manner, before him, I directly crossed the way, and before I got over, he gave it to Barber, and went to the third man, I was on the other side of the way. He gave it to Barber before I crossed the way, I followed Barber for fear I should lose the property, I overtook him at the corner turning round in Queen-street, Cheapside; I took him by the collar, and asked him where he was going? he said a man had given him the bundle to carry for sixpence, I told him he must go back again to the warehouse, and deliver it there, I brought him back to Mr. Mountsey's shop, when I got to the door, the lad met me, he did not know he had been robbed; I told him I got some property here, he said it belongs to my master, seeing the red mark on the wrapper. I took him to the counter before Mr. Mountsey came down stairs, told the lad that his master must come down to the counter. I delivered the goods into Mr. Mountsey's and Porthouse's hands; I put my mark on it, and sealed it. This is the seal I put on it, and my name on the outside wrapper besides.
Q. Who has brought it here? - Mr. Mountsey.


                  Q. 
               


            How did you get the other prisoner? - A little time after I had him for picking of pockets, I had him one day this last week in Newgate, I knowhim very well, I am sure he is the same man.
Prosecutor. This is my property, I tied it up before I went to dinner, that might be about three o'clock within a few minutes, and left it on the counter of the shop, it is muslin, nineteen quantities, one hundred yards altogether.
Q. What may be the value of them, not as if you was to sell them, but as if you wanted to purchase them? - Thirty pounds, here is the shop mark or back piece in letters, different letters, they were marked by myself.
Q. You had not sold that bundle you are sure? - No, I tied them up.


                  Q. 
               


            When these goods were brought back to you, were they in the same wrapper as when you left them on the counter? - Yes, they were.
Q. To Holden. Were these goods tied upon the counter? - They were.
Q. How long had you seen them before the prisoner was brought in? - Half an hour.
Q. Was any body else in the shop? - No, my master was up stairs.
Johnson. I see him go in, and see him bring them out.
Q. Did you see them at all in any manner removed from the place in which they were? - I did not. I knew not the place where they lay till I was told.
Prisoner Brown. In the mean time that this selony was done, I was at home at my master's, he is in the yard, I fancy, to speak to my character, he was there all the day.
Court to Johnson. At that time that they were about the house did you see them talking together? - I did. I see them talking together all the way into Bread-street, and when they passed backward and forward, and locked in at the door, they all three talked together.
Jury. Was the door open or shut? - It stood open.
Prisoner Barber. I was catching from Mr. - , a painter and glazier, and as I was coming along Cheapside, a man tapped me on the shoulder and asked me if I would take this bundle to Queen-street, to the wine vaults there, and he would give me sixpence, and I took it, being glad to earn the sixpence, as it was in my road.
John Brown, 


               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)


                  John
                   Barber
               



            , GUILTY. (Aged 29.)
Of stealing, but not privily.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER:
