





310. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BUNN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March
, ahand saw, value 4s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Chapman 
                     Plaine
                  




               
            .
CHAPMAN PLAINE sworn.
I am a carpenter
, on the 7th of March last, I was working at an unfinished house in the Tabernacle-walk


, for one Mr. Thorowgood; about twelve o'clock I went out to dinner, while I was absent from the building the saw was taken.
- WILLMOT sworn.
I am a carpenter, I work for Mr. Thorowgood; on the 27th of March I was going down to my dinner about a quarter after twelve, and I saw this young man come out with a saw in his arm, then he looked about and see no one passing, and he put it under his coat; I observed him come out of the house, opposite to where I was at work, in Tabernacle-walk; he came out of the back window, it is an unfinished house not inhabited at all, he went out of the gate into Tabernacle-walk; and walked on to Tabernacle-square, and I followed him into an acquaintance's house of mine, his name is Hazeman, that house is in Chapel-street, I asked my acquaintance if he saw any one run past? he said yes; says he, what do you want with him? I said he had stole some saws; and he opened the door, he was in the passage, and put him out, and he had the saw with him under his coat, this is it, I had never lost sight of him.
Q. Are you sure he is the man that got out of the window? - I am.
Plaine. This is my saw, I know it by a tooth broke out, and the maker's name. I am sure it was left in the building.
Prisoner. I went in there, and I saw this saw lay in the back window, and I took it out, I was going to work, and I had no saw just then. I have no friend at all in London.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
