





571. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     FORBES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of March
, a pair of linen sheets, value 7s. a pair of bellows, value 12d. a brass candlestick, value 8d. and an iron fire-shovel, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Priest
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   PRIEST
               



             sworn. - My wife let the prisoner the lodging, I was not at home.


                  MARY
                   PRIEST
               



             sworn. - I live in William-street, Shoreditch


: On the Saturday in March the Prisoner came to me, and asked for a ready furnished room; I let her a one pair of stairs room for half-a-crown a week, she said her husband was in the country; she came in one the Saturday, and went away on the Tuesday; I gave her a light on the Tuesday night, but whether she slept there or not I cannot say, I did not see any thing of her again till I took her; when she was gone I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, I have never found any of them since; I took her up the 3d. of this month, when the grand rejoicing night was; I met her by accident, and knew her by the lightness of the night.
Prosecutor. I broke open the room, and missed the things mentioned in the indictment.
Prisoner's defence. I was distressed for a lodging and I took this, I am as innocent as the child unborn; I have lodged ever since June last within two hundred yards of him, I went out a chairing, and sent the key to him by another lodger of his.
Q.(To Priest.) Are you in the habit of letting your lodgings or your wife? - A. If I am at home I let them myself, if I am not she lets them.
Q. You ratify what your wife does? - A. Yes.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 50.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
