





338. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TURNER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th day of March
 last, a man's cloth coat, called a box coat, value 16 s. a waistcoat made of cotton and linen, value 4 s. a pair of shoes, value 2 s. a pair of plated buckles, value 1 s. a pair of velveret breeches, value 2 s. 6 d. a pair of stockings, value 2 s. a hat, value 2 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Randal 
                           Jones
                        



                     
                  ; a surtout coat, value 8 s. a neck cloth, value 1 s. a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. a pair of leather shoes, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bottomley
                        



.


                  DAVID
                   YATES
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mrs. Neale of Kensington. I bought a livery box coat of the prisoner about three weeks or a month ago; I did not know him then; I bought the coat of him at the Bear and Ragged Staff Mews; I am certain he is the man; I gave him sixteen shillings for the coat; he said, his master was dead, and his mistress had discharged him, and given him his things.


                  RANDAL
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman
 to Mr. Serjeant Runnington. On the 4th of March I came home with the carriage, and took off my box coat, and put it in the body of the coach, in the coach-house; it wanted about a quarter of twelve at night; I missed it the next morning; it had six capes; I lost a linen and woollen waistcoat; the prisoner has it on now; I lost a pair of shoes and buckles, and a pair of velveret breeches, a pair of worsted stockings, and a hat I found the breeches, shoes, and buckles on him, when I took him; the hat had been cut; I cannot swear to it; they were missing from the 5th to the 13th of March; they were kept in the stable; under the same roof: I took the prisoner by information, in Fawkener's-square; I asked him where he sold my coat, and he told me; I made him no promise; he begged for me to be as favourable as I could, and told me directly; I found the man that bought the coat, at the Bear and Ragged Staff I can swear to the box coat; it is fresh lined;there is a piece in the sleeve: the box coat was my master's and was under my care: I can swear to the other things as mine: the things that he had on were not taken from him: I took two duplicates from him.


                  JOHN
                   BOTTOMLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman
 to Miss Boehm, in Serjeant's-inn, Fleet-street. I lost a man's surtout coat, my own coat, a pair of stockings, a muslin neck-cloth, a silk handkerchief, and a pair of leather shoes; they were in stables adjoining to Mr. Serjeant Runnington's. On the 4th of March, about eight, or a quarter after, I locked up my door safe; I missed the things the next morning; I did not see them till the prisoner was taken, on the 13th; and I found my shirt upon him, with my mark I. B. I found at the pawnbroker's a great coat and a silk handkerchief.
The PAWNBROKER sworn.
I live in Crown-street, Moorfields. I do not know the prisoner: one of these duplicates is mine; it is my servant's writing. I produce a coat, but I do not know who brought it.


                  JAMES
                   BROOKS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Davidson, of Bishopsgate-street. I produce a silk handkerchief: this duplicate is my hand writing; and this handkerchief was pawned at the same time.
Bottomley. I cannot swear to this handkerchief; I believe it is mine: I swear to the surtout coat, by a tear under the sleeve.
Prisoner. I was in great distress. I have no witnesses.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
