






36. 
               
                  GEORGE GRAY


               
             and 
               
                  PETER 
                  WARD
               




             were 


               indicted for feloniously stealing, on the 5th of November
, a wooden trunk, value 5s. four muslin gowns, value 4l. a muslin child's frock, value 5s. and a; linen sheet, value 2s
            , the property of 
               
                  Harriet Elizabeth 
                  Bentinck
               




            , Spinster
.
HARRIET 
               
                  ELIZABETH
                   BENTINCK
               



             sworn. - I live in Quebec-street, I was at Honiton in October last. On the 28th of October I packed up a trunk to send to London; I left it in the country to come up by the waggon; it was directed to Miss Bentinck, Great Quebec-street, Portman-square; it was to come by Hatfield's waggon; I left it in care of my sister's servant.
Q. Would you know any of the things again if they are produced? - A. Yes.
JAMES PEARCE sworn. - I am the book-keeper at Blostsom's-inn, Lawrence-lane.
Q. Do you recollect at any time in October or November any trunk coming to your inn, directed to Miss Bentinck? - A. Yes, on the 5th of November there was a trunk and two boxes came to our inn, directed to Miss Bentinck, Great Quebeck-street, Portman-square. In the evening Iwent with the cart with these trunks and some other things; I saw them put into the cart. While I was delivering a bale of goods in Broad-street, St. Giles's, after the bale was delivered, I went in to receive the carriage of it, and whilst I was receiving the carriage of it, one of the men called out, and said, they had lost a trunk; then a young man, of the name of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Day
               



            , came up to the cart, and said, he had met three men with a trunk; after that I pursued them, but could not find them; I then went down to Bow-street, and got three of the officers to go with me in search of them, but I did not find them.
Q. Should you know the trunk again? - A. I am not positive, but I think I should.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Miss Bentinck). Were there two boxes besides the trunk? - A. Yes, I received them.


                  THOMAS
                   DAY
               



             sworn. - On the 5th of November, in the evening, about twenty minutes after seven o'clock, passing along, I met three men, one of them carrying a trunk, bearing up a gate way, and the other two following him, I do not know the name of the place, there are brewer's store-houses up the gateway; I suspected they had stolen it, and made the observation to a person passing, whom I did not know; I passed farther on in Broad-street, and saw the cart belonging to the Blossom's-inn, and gave information of what I had seen to the two porters that were with the cart, and then to Pearce; then one of the porters and I set off to follow the men; when we had got past the gateway, we thought our pursuing them would be endless, and we went back to Mr. Robinson's, the linen-draper, where the cart was delivering a truss, and then we went to the Police-office, in Bow-street; I gave information of the men so far as this, that one was taller than the other, and that the tall one and the short one followed the man that bore the trunk; then we proceeded to Church-lane, St. Giles's, we went into several houses, but could not find them, and then we proceeded to Lewkner's-lane; we went to a public-house there that the officers were acquainted with; we took two men upon suspicion there; we were coming away from there, and near the top of the lane, met three men; Jones, one of the constables, seeing them, called out grab, meaning, I suppose, by that, to take hold of them; one of the officers seized the man, and Mumsord called out to me to pick up a bundle that lay under a cart, about six paces from where they were taking hold of the man; I gave the bundle to Mumford.
Q. You did not lee it drop from either of the men? - A. No.
Q. Were there any other men besides the officers and the men that were near this bundle? - A. I saw nobody else near; I did not see the three men at that time; I only saw two of them; they told me there were three; some people coming out of a house, hearing a scaffle, called out, young man, here is another bundle; I picked it up from under the horse's head, and carried it to Crocker.
Q. Was this a cart and one horse standing? - A. Yes, I do not know who belonged to it.
Q. Was there no driver to it? - A. I did not see any driver till after the scuffle; when we had got the bundles, and two of the men, who were the two prisoners, we proceeded to Bow-street.
Q. Were these two men the nearest to the bundles? - A. Yes, they were.
Q. Look at the two prisoners, and tell me if you think they were either of the men that you you saw running number the gateway with the trunk? - A. I had not sight enough of them to identify their persons.
Prisoner Word. Q. Were not some persons that you had taken up on suspicion, in company with you when you look us? - A. Yes, they were.
EDWARD CROCKER sworn. - I am an officer,(produces the bundle); On the 5th of November, I received this from Day; I delivered the bundle to Mr. Crocker.
Crocker. This is the bundle he delivered to me in Lewkner's-lane. Between seven and eight o'clock, or very near eight, Day, in company with Pearce, came down to the Brown Bear, and said they had lost a trunk; I, in company with Mumford and Jones, went to a house in Dyot-street, where we knew these sort of people resort, to see for a man that I suspected by their saying one was a tall man. From that we went to a house in Lewkner's-lane, where, in the tap-room, was this man that I suspected, and another that was wanted for another offence; Jones called him out, and going down Lewkner's-lane, about half way from the public-house to Drury-lane, there stood a cart; there were some people in the cart with a light; Mr. Jones was on forward with his prisoner; he called out to Mumford and me who were behind, grab, for here is the swag, that is, lay hold, for here is property; I then saw the prisoner Gray with a bundle in his hand, I did not see him throw it down in the scuffle, I immediately secured him, and taking him down the lane, Mumford, who was behind, saw the bundle lay under the cart, and he did Day pick it up; I said to Day, go back and see if there is another bundle; somebody in the cart cried out, here is another, I do not know who it was; it was; then Day brought me the bundle, which I produce now; I don't know which of the two bundles it was that Gray had, for I did not see him throw it away after I had seen it in his hand, I saw it in his hand just before I secured him.

Miss Bentinck. These are my gowns; I am sure they were packed up in the trunk, I know them by the pattern.
Court. (To Crocker.) Q. Did you ever see this man before? - A. I cannot say, I never did to take notice of him.
Q. You seized the tall man-Did it appear afterwards whether that tall man was at all known or acquainted with this man? - A. No, it did not.
THOMAS MUMFORD sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Bow-street; I was with Crocker and Jones: On the 5th of November, a person came and gave information that there had been a box lost; we went to Dyot-street, and from there to the White-hart in Lweknet's-lane; we took two people from there; Jones was first, and Crocker next, and I was behind him; just as we came up to a cart, Jones said to us, bone them, meaning to lay hold of them; I then saw the two prisoners, I did not see any thing in their hands; but in the same place where they were taken into custody, I saw this bundle lie.
Q. Did it lie so near the place, that it was possible either of them might have dropped it? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see any other person near, who could have dropped it? - A. There was another man who escaped, and there was a third bundle found three days after in a house in Lewkner's lane, and I carried it home to the lady.
Q. You never found the trunk? - A. No.
Miss Bentinck. That bundle contained part of the things that I packed up in the trunk.
Mumford. This is the bundle that I picked up.(Produces it).
Miss Bentinck. This frock is mine, and this sheet is marked with a W, because it was my brother's, whose name was Williams.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Mumford). Did you ever see Gray before? - A. I have seen him at the Turk's-head, in Dyot-street.
Q. Did you ever see him in Lewkner's-lane? - A. No.
Q. Did you ever see him company with the tall man that you took up? - A. No.
JOHN JONES sworn. - I was at the apprehending of the prisoners in Lewkner's-lane; I saw the prisoner, Gray, with a bundle under his arm, as he passed me; I then called out to the other two officers with me to lay hold of them; ward was close behind him, I did not see whether he had the bundle or not; I laid hold of Ward, and brought him up to the office.
Q. Did any thing pass between you? - A. No, he asked me if I had seen a bundle with him; I told him, no, I did not.
Gray's defence. I am a butcher; I work for Mr. Hall, in St. James's-market; Mr. Brookes, who keeps a slaughter-house at the bottom of Lewkner's-lane, recommended me to Mr. Hall, I was going to thank him for his recommendation, when they laid hold of me; I know nothing of the bundle.
Ward's defence. I had been at the west end of the town; in coming through Lewkner's-lane, I was run against violently by a man, that almost knocked me down, and then one of the witnesses laid hold of me, and took me to Bow-street.
Gray, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 33.)
Ward, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 21.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
