





578. 
               
                  
                     ARTHUR 
                     MAHONEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of September
, a set of bed-furniture, value 8s. a quilt, value 2s. a table-cloth, value 2s. a pair of silk-stockings, value 8s. and a shawl, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Marsh
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Laying them to the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Marsh
                  



               
            .


                  MARY
                   MARSH
               



             sworn. - I am the wife
 of 
               
                  John
                   Marsh
               



            , my husband is abroad, I do not know whether he is alive or not: I keep a cheesemonger's shop
 the North-side of St. James's-market


: On the 13th of September, I was serving in the shop, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening; I heard a noise in the parlour, there is a passage-door that leads to the parlour; I had customer in the shop, when the customer was gone, I took the candle from the counter, went into the parlour, and saw the prisoner with a bundle of things by his side, and a pair of silk-stockings upon the ground, at his feet; I had left the things in the bundle, it was not in the parlour, but in a room behind the parlour that he had fetched it from, the bundle contained the things mentioned in the indictment; I asked him what he wanted; and he said, a shoemaker, about some shoes; I asked him what he was doing with that bundle of things; he said, he knew nothing of them; the stockings had been taken out of a drawer in the parlour; I told him I supposed that was a friend of his in the shop, that had detained me longer than I might have been; he said he knew nothing of the person in the shop; the shawl was left in a chair, to the best of my knowledge; a neighbour came in and took him in to custody.


                  ANN
                   WHITE
               



             sworn. - I was sitting at the door; I was going up stairs to make the bed; there were two young men at the door, one of them took the candle out of my hand; I said, do not play any tricks with me; and then one of them said, Mrs. White, or Mrs. Wright, I do not know which, there is a thief in Mrs. Marsh's back-parlour.
Q. Did you know them? - A. I knew one of them; I immediately double-locked the parlour-door, with the prisoner inside, and came round to Mrs. Marsh with the key; I went into the parlour and saw the bundle at his side, and the silk stockings at his feet; those two young women were at the door, and they took him down to the watch-house.


                  JAMES
                   LANE
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, (Produces the property); I heard a disturbance, and went to see what was the matter; I searched the prisoner, and found a shawl in the inside lining of his hat.
(The property was deposed to by Mrs. Marsh).
Prisoner's defence. I went into inquire for one Mr. Robertson, a shoemaker; the parlour-door was open, and two butchers, and that woman,shoved me into the parlour; the shawl belonged to my mother. 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 17.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
