





491. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  DAWSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of September
, an iron shovel, value 1s. 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I don't know the prisoner, I live at Knightsbridge


; I am a brazier, tinman, and ironmonger
, I was not at home when the robbery was committed.


                  EDWARD
                   BROWN
               



            , junior, sworn.
I am in my father's business, I know the prisoner, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Dawson
               



            . On the 3d of September he came to my house with a whole handful of passes, my father being overseer, to be relieved, and a caution signed by the same magistrate; I told him my father was not at home; says he, if your father is not at home, you will do as well, and some of the women said, I will bed-mned if I go till we are relieved; then Mr. Gibbons called me out to see whether that was not our shovel that the man had got. I went out and took it from him, from behind his coat; I know the shovel, I marked it with the chalk, it is the way we mark them all, the value is eighteen-pence.
Prisoner. Did you see me take the shovel away from his place? - I did not.
ELEAZOR GIBBONS sworn.
I am church warden of the parish that Mr. Brown is overseer of, we are much pestered with vagrants, and on the 3d of September, the overseer not being at home, the prisoner came to my house about twentyyards from Mr. Brown's, when he came there, I was on the opposite side of the way, not at my house, and I saw him pull a shovel out from under his coat and give it to a woman that had a child, and she could not conceal it, because of the child and she gave it him again, and he put it under his coat, and I followed him to the overseers and asked him what he had got? he said nothing to me, and we had a scuffle with him, and he sought and would have stabbed some of us if we had not got it away from him. I took it from him.
Prisoner. When he was coming into the shop I was putting the shovel down on the man's premises again.


                  Q. 
               


            How came he to be found with this woman? - He had got a vagrant pass.
Prisoner. I go out to work at hopping. I have been under a sit of illness since, I met two men and they asked me to come and drink; and I went and we had several glasses of gin together, which made me almost intoxicated, I was not in the shop, the woman went in and fetched out a shovel, which she said she found on the road, and I went back again and carried it into the gentleman's house; if the gentleman will deny that I was not there with the shovel producing of it, then I am guilty.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 38.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
