





627. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, eight pair of mens leather shoes, 8 s. one pair of flannel drawers, value 6 d. three flannel waistcoats, value 3 s. a pair of flannel drawers, value 2 s. a quarter of a yard of red woollen cloth, value 1 s. a wooden box, value 1 s. 6 d. four mens linen shirts, value 4 s. two yards of blue baize, value 1 s. twenty yards of irish cloth, value 18 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Duberley
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   MADGEWICKE
               



             sworn.
I am foreman to Mr. Duberley. The articles lost were all under my care; the prisoner was a porter
, he lived in the house, No. 33, Soho-square


; Mr. Duberley had a mistrust of the prisoner, and had his box searched, where we found a remnant of linen; I went to Bow-street to prove the property which was found.
Q. Did you happen to know, before this property was found, that any were missing? - Yes, from the chest particularly, and the shoes were missing from time to time.
Q. What day was it you was sent for to Bow-street? - Friday the 19th of August; and there I saw some property.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. On Friday the 16th of August, Mr. Duberley came down to the office at Bow-street, he wanted an officer, he suspected the porter had robbed him, to search his box; I went with him; he was seated in the room, and I asked if he had any objection to have his box searched? he replied, no. We went up into the garret, and we opened the box, found this piece of linen first, and in the box was found these two keys; these two keys being in the box, Mr. Duberley asked him where his box was he suspected he tookit? after a little hesitation he said he would go where it was; this was a box belonging to his master; he went with him to his lodgings, where he used to lodge, at one Mr. Godfry's, Castle-court, Castle-street, Oxford-market, and when we went there we asked for the box, it was brought out, and all the other articles in the indictment was found in that box; the box is here. (The articles produced.)
Madgewicke. Here are eight pair of shoes, four pair of them marked with a K. and 7. four of them with a W here is a remnant of fine scarlet that I cut off the piece myself, it was laid in the counting house, and I did not know which way it went; here are a pair of flannel drawers, I can swear to them by the particular lining; I believe all the things to be Mr. Duberley's.
Prisoner. I have nothing more to say than that I am innocent of it.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
