





360. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of May
, two half guineas, one hundred and twenty copper halfpence, a silver tea spoon, value 2s. a garnet stone ring, set in gold, value 2s. a muslin apron, value 4s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Quinlon
                  




               
            .


                  ANDREW
                   QUINLON
               



             sworn.
I am a blacksmith
, a housekeeper, in George's alley, Field-lane


, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. The prisoner lived in my house, in the one pair of stairs forwards.
Q. Were these things let to her with the lodgings? - No,
Q. When were the things stole? - Monday the 26th of May.
Q. Was that the day you missed the property? - Yes, the same day; she was a lodger in my house, I had suspicion; I had been out, and when I came home I went to a chest of drawers in the lower apartment, the ground floor. I found the wood cut and the two top drawers disfigured very much. When I missed the things first I went to work again, because I did not miss at that time any thing but the five shillings worth of halfpence, and then my wife sent after me and told me that she missed the two half guineas of gold; and I went and searched about the pawnbrokers and found the apron, and the silver tea spoon, in Shoe-lane, pawned there; that was the same day about two o'clock, as nigh as I can guess.
Q. What time was it you came home and missed the halfpence? - About ten minutes after one.
Q. When was it you took up the prisoner? - The same day. I found her in the street, she was coming up towards my house, and I was standing at my door, and as soon as she see me she runs back again, this was between two and three o'clock.
Q. Did you take her into custody? - Yes, she had bought a parcel of things with the money; she had a new blue apron, and a new stuff bed gown, and a lining for it, and a new shawl; they were about her at the time that I took her, and a new cravat that was for a man; then she was taken to Hatton Garden, and was examined there, she said she had fifteen shillings; the examination was taken in writing.

HANNAH QUINLON sworn.
I am the wife. I was robbed Monday the 26th of May last, Monday was a week; the prisoner was in the room when I went to Barn; I went a quarter after twelve, to milking. I was left in the house after my husband, and I got my husband's dinner ready, and went a quarter after twelve to milking, and locked the door and put the key where I always put it, for my husband to come in to dinner. She was watching me to see where I put the key, she unlocked the door and let herself in, I suppose so. She was in her own room, in the one pair of stairs, when I went to milking, she got to the drawers and broke the wood about the locks and took five shillings worth of halfpence out of one drawer, and unlocked the drawer next to it the same way; the wood was cut away from the lock of both of them, and took out of one two half guineas, a silver tea spoon, a garnet ring set in gold, and a muslin apron.
Q. How was the five shillings worth of halfpence done up in papers or loose? - Loose. I came home after my husband, about half after one; my husband told me of the place being robbed while I had been out, and I went and looked and missed these halfpence first, I missed no more till he went to work, when I missed the other things, and he went to the pawnbrokers to try if he could make any thing out, he could not make any thing out, and he came back and stood at the door, and he saw her coming to the door with the new things about her, and he took her, and she was taken to the office and committed.
Q. Was there any property of your's found about her? - No.
Q. What is her business? - I never see her do any thing but just keeping the room.


                  EDWARD
                   BREMBLE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker's servant, I produce a muslin apron and tea spoon, pawned by the prisoner at the bar the 26th of May.
Q. Had you ever seen her before? - No, I am sure that is the woman; they were pawned sometime between the hours of twelve and two.
Mrs. Quinlon. The muslin apron is mine, I know it by the edging, having the same to a cap, it is a worked muslin, I made it myself, the tea spoon is mine, I cannot read but I know it is mine, it has three letters on it, I bought it with a looking glass.
Prosecutor. The letters are I. S. F.
Prisoner. I never took any thing I declare, nor was I the person that pawned them, I never robbed them of a pennyworth in my life as God is my Saviour; I have no friends.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
