





31. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WYNN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of December
, twelve pounds of cheese, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Cox
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   COX
               



             sworn.
I live in Tottenham-court-road


; I am a cheesemonger
. Last Monday evening, about seven o'clock, as I was standing about four doors from my own house, I saw the prisoner Wynn and another go past the shop; my shop-windows were lighted up; they made a full stop, and looked round; then went on; I had not been out five minutes; after they went several times back wards and forwards; 
               
                  James
                   Wynn
               



             was going into the shop; I was standing on the path, not more than ten yards from my own house; I was eating some oysters; a man came up, and went into the shop; the prisoner then went away two doors beyond the shop; I still kept standing in the same situation; as soon as the man went away, in two minutes, the prisoner and his father came past the shop, two doors nearer to where I stood; they looked round, andthen the prisoner went into the shop; and the person who was with him, stood looking through the window; as soon as I saw them in the shop, I went up to the shop, and met the prisoner coming out with this half cheese in his hand; the other set off directly; I seized the prisoner by the collar; he was scarcely off the step; he said, Sir, I hope you will not be affronted, I want six-pennyworth of halfpence; it stood about an arm's-length from the door, upon a pile of cheese; I placed it there the same day. (The cheese produced and deposed to.) The weight is about twelve pounds; it cost six-pence per pound.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
