





259. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     M'CABE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of April
, 330 guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Sage
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gregory
                  



               
            , 
               
                  Henry-William 
                  Atkinson
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Reuben 
                     Fletcher
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Nicholl
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Franklin
               



            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of the 
               
Governor and Company of the Bank of England



            .
The indictment was stated by Mr. Ward, and the case by Mr. Fielding.


                  THOMAS
                   FINCH
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Fielding. I am an apprentice to the Moniers of the Mint.
Q. Do you remember the process of coining going on on the morning of the 2d of April, 1798?- A. Yes, of guineas; the prisoner, and seven other soldiers, were employed.
Q. About the press where he was employed, were there any bags of gold? - A. There were fifteen bags, containing 664 in each bag.
Q. Was there any bag that contained 330 guineas? - A.There was part of a bag left at breakfast-time, that was at nine o'clock; the prisoner went out of the room with seven others; he was employed in pulling the fly; when they came back from breakfast, there was a man of the name of Wanley had not come, and he said he would go and fetch him; and in a very few minutes I missed the money; he did not return.


                  SAMUEL
                   MENSLEY
               



             sworn. - The prisoner was at work at my press on the morning of the 2d; there were fifteen bags of guineas lying near the press.
Q. Were there any small bags, that you call a half-journey? - A. Yes; one containing 330 guineas; a journey is 668 guineas. The prisoner and the other men went away to breakfast; one of them did not return with the rest, and the prisoner said he would go and fetch him; he went out, and a few minutes after I missed the money.


                  JAMES
                   STREETER
               



             sworn. - I keep the Princess Royal, Fell-street, Shoreditch: On the 2d of April, between two and three in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my house; he had formerly been quartered upon me; I had been ill, and went to lie down; Mrs. Streeter called me up; I went down, and he told me he had got 700l. that morning, that he had received for his cousin's prize-money in Admiral Jervis's action; he said he was to receive 700l. more when he got to Ireland; he said he had paid forty-two guineas for his discharge, and about seven o'clock in the evening I saw the money; I then began to suspect him; he frequently pulled out the bag, but I had not seen the coin till then; says I, Mich. how did you come by this, I am afraid you did not get it honestly; he persisted in it, that he had received it for his cousin's prize-money; the next morning, I saw it in the newspaper, and sent for a constable; I delivered him and the money to the constable; it was all new money.


                  PETER
                   MASON
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, I was sent for to Mr. Streeter's to apprehend the prisoner; I hand-cuffed him, and asked him if that was the money he had stole from the Mint; he said it was part of it; there were 237 guineas, a half-guinea, four seven-shilling-pieces, thirteen shillings, and seven sixpences; he said, he had 700 in the whole, that he had bought clothes, and a horse, a saddle, a bridle, and a pair of pistols, and the rest he had expended among the girls in St. Catherine's; he said there were some people there wanted to detain him, and he was obliged to give them a part of the money to let him go. I delivered the money to Mr. Fletcher, by order of the Magistrate.


                  REUBEN
                   FLETCHER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Fielding. I am one of the Moniers of the Mint,(produces the money); I received these guineas from the last witness, they had never been in circulation, they are of the date of 1798; there are circumstances about them from which I can swear to their having been made that morning, (proves the names of the Moniers). We have the bars of gold from the melter, and deliver them, when coined, to the Bank.
Q. And you were accountable to the Bank for them? - A. Yes.
Q. And this business is carried on in the Tower of London? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. I found them in the Mill-room and Press-room, among some bricks.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
