





451. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of September
, a bag. value 1d. a half-guinea, a seven-shilling-piece, and a piece of foreign silver coin, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cork
                  




               
             the younger.(The indictment was opened by Mr. Vaillant, and the case by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  WILLIAM
                   CORK
               



             jun. sworn. - Examined by Mr. Vaillant. I am a drover
, at Seven-oaks, in Kent. On Monday, the 9th of September, 1798, I was at the corner of Newgate-street


; my brother and I, and another man, waited to see the Lord Mayor's coach come by, to proclaim Bartholomew-fair; we all three got up behind a coach, there were a great many people collected, the coachman ordered us to get off from behind which we did, and then we stood behind it; and just as my Lord-Mayor's coach came up, there was a great throng of people close to us, which parted my brother and the man that was with him from me; I was pressed quite close up against one of the arms of the coach behind; I cannot tell who any of the people were; my intention was to look at the coach, and to look at no more; I was bent with my arm up, so that I could not get it down; a person cried out butcher,take care of your pockets; I was not a butcher, and did not take any notice of it.
Court. Q. Had you a blue apron on? - A. Yes; the moment the Lord's-Mayor's, and some other coaches were gone past, I was going up towards Smithfield to see them go round.
Q.In what situation was the coach? - A. The coach was standing at the corner of Newgate-street, with the horses heads towards Cheapside, and the back of the coach towards Snow-hill, close against the pavement on the left-hand side of the road next Newgate; I was looking towards Snow-hill.
Q.Were you nearest the kirb-stone, or nearest the street? - A. Nearest the kirb-stone.
Q. What money had you about you? - A. You go beyond me to say what I had; I had in one pocket a half-guinea, a seven-shilling-piece, and a French half-crown; a person followed me when I left the carriage, of the name of Sansum; he stopped me when I was sitting upon the coach; I had my hand upon my thigh where my money was; I am sure it was there then; I never saw it afterwards.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are talking of a transaction that took place a twelve month ago? - A. Yes.
Q. You are not more likely to be correct now than you were then? - A. No.
Q. There were two or three hundred people there for what you know, as nigh as you can guess? - A. I did not make any guess at them; my intention was to shew my brother and the other man what they could not see in the country.
Q. Your friend got beyond you, you could not tell him what money you had? - A. No; I had received money from several gentlemen to transact business for them at Barnet-fair.
Q. When had you last seen all your money? - A. At Hayes, in Kent, on the Friday before, at a quarter before eleven; the money was concealed in a parcel and put by itself.
Court. Q.How came the gentlemen's money by itself? - A. I always do; and just put enough in my pocket for spending on the road.
Q. You were never in Newgate, were you? - A. Yes; I have.
Q. You went there to see the prisoner? - A. Yes; I went with my wife to see the prisoners.
Q.And you saw the present prisoner, did not you? - A. Yes; but I did not know the man, only what people told me.
Q. When was that? - A. Either Friday or Saturday.
Q. You know Sansum? - A. Yes.
Q. Did he go in with you? - A. No.
Q. Nor he did not desire you to go in? - A. He did not say thee nor thou about it; my wife was with me, and I took her to see all the sights I could.
Q. Do you know any thing about this reward for apprehension? - A. I know nothing about the reward.
Q. Have you never had any reward for the other? - A. I was paid my expences.
Q.You went before the Grand Jury a year ago, and charged Coleman and Taylor with this robbery? - A. I charge them; I did not charge them, I did not know them.
Q.You went before the Grand Jury? - A. Yes.
Q. That bill was thrown out by the Grand Jury, was it not? - A. Yes.
Q. And at this Sessions, at such a distance of time, another bill of indictment is preferred? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. There was first a bill preferred against Taylor and Coleman, for privately stealing, which was thrown out.
Mr. Vaillant. Q. There was no bill found against Taylor before? - A. No.
Q. He was not in custody? - A. No.
Q.You know of no other reward than having received your expences, which were ordered by the Court? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM
                   CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I live at Mr. Cooper's, in Liquor-pond-street; he is a tripe-man, I drive his cart; I was with Cork at Bartholomew-fair last year; we posted ourselves behind a carriage that was standing towards Cheapside, it was at the corner of Newgate-street, by Newgate, and Cork's brother was with me; a number of persons came up and crowded in and seperated me from 
               
                  William
                   Cork
               



            ; there was only one of them that I observed; I was on the left-hand of 
               
                  William
                   Cork
               



            ; as soon as my Lord-Mayor's carriage was got by, I heard a person cry out, butcher, take care of your pocket; William Cork said, they were very much afraid of having their pockets picked; Mr. Sansum came across, as soon as the carriages were gone past, and made enquiry, and Cork at first said, he had lost nothing, and then he said, there was a seven-shilling-piece, and a French half-crown, (forgeting the half-guinea); then Sansum went after a man that went by the name of Anderson, and he was taken to the Compter; I saw him taken.
Q. Did you see the man who crowded in between you and Cork? - A. Yes, Coleman; the man who was convicted.
Q. Did you observe the face of any other person? - A. No, not to know them again


                  CHARLES
                   SANSUM
               



             sworn. - I was on duty on the 3d of September last year, in Bartholomew-fair; I saw Cork, and two more, there was a great crowd round them; there were a great number of thieves, particularly Coleman, Anderson, and the prisoner, Taylor, I had known him about ten years; I sawCork, and two other, behind a coach; I heard a person, that I knew to be a thief, say to the coachman, cut behind; I saw Anderson go right before Cork, in front of him, Coleman was next to Cork, and he pressed against Cork so as to squeeze him against the arms of the coach; Taylor was along side of Coleman at that time; the state coach at that moment went by, I was then on the opposite side, and I lost sight of them for it might be a minute, or perhaps a little longer; I then crossed over to the same side of the way that they were on, I was along side of the horses of another coach, the horses' heads of one coach was towards Snow-hill, and the other towards Cheapside; I observed that they were then robbing the butcher; I called out, butcher, take care of your pockets; I then saw Taylor stoop down, I stooped down underneath the horses' bellies of the coach that I stood along side of, and I observed Taylor leaning towards the butcher's right hand pocket; Taylor stooped, I do not know whether he was on his knee or not, I saw his hand in the breeches-pocket, I think it was of Cork, and take out a bag, which he gave to Coleman, and then they all three ran away together; it looked like a dirty canvas bag; as soon as I could I pursued after the butcher, to ask him what he had lost; I then took Anderson, and took him to the Compter; I am perfectly positive that Taylor was the man that did it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You are a constable? - A. Yes.
Q. This transaction took place so long ago as Bartholomew-fair was twelvemonth? - A. Yes.
Q. The fair had not been proclaimed? - A. No.
Q. There were other officers with you? - A. Yes, but they were separated from me; there was Backrow there.
Q. What time was this? - A.About ten o'clock.
Q. You did not take this man into custody at that time? - A. No; I could not catch him, or else I should.
Q. What was there between you and this transaction? - A. A pair of horses.
Q. There were as many people upon that coach as could croud? - A. There were three behind, or there might be more.
Q. You called out, butcher, take care of your pockets? - A. Yes; he had a blue apron on.
Q. And after that it was that the prisoner took the bag out of his pocket, as you say? - A. Yes.
Q. And you spoke loud enough for every body to hear? - A. Yes.
Q. And yet, after that, you mean to tell us this robbery was committed? - A. Yes.
Q. How many persons have been taken up for this? - A. One was taken up and acquitted; and one taken up and convicted.
Q. You told the same story before that you have done now with respect to Anderson, that he was one of the persons pushing down Cork? - A. Yes.
Q. And they did not believe you, and he was discharged? - A. He was never tried; he was discharged before the Magistrate.
Q. Do you know Anderson's father? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you had any conversation with him and his son? - A. Not upon this subject; I know what you mean, and I will explain it at once.
Q. You have drank with his father? - A. Yes, several times.
Q. I mean between the first examination, upon which he was committed, and the examination upon which he was dismissed? - A. Yes.
Q. You saw some of his money, I believe? - A. Yes, a guinea; after Anderson was discharged from the Magistrate's upon suspicion of committing this robbery, in taking him into custody he fought, and used me very ill, and likewise another person whom I charged to assist me; as the Alderman had discharged him, I detained him for assaulting me in the execution of my duty; his father had interceded, and promised me he should go to sea, and begged I would not commence a prosecution against him, but would be glad if I would relinquish it; then he told me he would make me a present of a guinea; before I took the guinea, I went back to the Magistrate, and told him what his father had said; the Magistrate said, if I chose to settle the assault before it came to be heard I might do as I liked; I took the guinea, and his father agreed to send him to sea.
Q. Did you or not drink with Anderson? - A. In passing through Newgate-street, in the coach, he called for some gin, and I might drink some with him.
Q. Upon your oath, did you or not, before Sir William Staines, exhibit a complaint against him for having assaulted you? - A. I did all the way through.
Q. Did you or not make a complaint to the Magistrate upon the first examination, with respect to the assault? - A. I did.
Q.How often were you before the Grand Jury? - A. Once now, and once in last November Sessions.
Q. Both times against Taylor? - A. Yes; the first time I did it he was indicted for stealing privately from the person, and I having seen it, the Grand Jury thought it could not be privately, and they threw out the bill.
Q.Upon your oath, did you or not tell the prosecutor he had lost his watch? - A. I might have mentioned his watch, for I did not know but they might have had his watch as well.
Q.Did you or not say any thing about hiswatch? - A. I believe I did ask him if he had lost his watch.
Q.There was a reward offered for Taylor, I believe? - A. Yes.
Q.Who was the author of that bill? - A. I cannot tell who drew it up, I carried it to the printer's; it was drawn out while I was gone to the Compter with Anderson.
Q.Do you know a man of the name of Pollock? - A. Yes; I know several Pollocks.
Q.Do you remember a man of the name of Pollock being taken up about stealing some coffee? - A. No.
Q. Do you remember a man of that name being charged with felony? - A. No.
Q. On suspicion of felony? - A. No.
Q. Moses Pollock? - A. No.
Q. Do you remember a man of the name of English? - A. Yes.
Q.What did you take him up for? - A. For being discharged.
Q.What did the Magistrate say to you upon his being discharged? - A. The prosecutor appeared, and I attended myself, and filed the bill.
Q. Were you never reprimanded for your conduct in that case? - A. No.
Mr. Vaillant. Q.You were not the apprehender of Taylor? - A. No; Sharp and Armstrong apprehended him.
Prisoner's defence. Last Saturday afternoon the prosecutor came into the jail to me, and drank part of a pot of beer with me; he said, is this Taylor; I said, yes; he said, he was robbed; I told him I did not know any thing about it; he asked if I had any money to bear his expences going backwards and forwards to town, if I had he would not find a bill, as he did not believe any thing that Sansum had told him; I told him I would not give him any money, that I was innocent of the charge laid against me, and I would abide by the laws of my country; he immediately replied, that Anderson, who was discharged, he thought in his own mind, was guilty of the robbery.
Court. (To the Prosecutor.) Q. Was it after, or before the bill was found, that you went into the jail? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you tell him you thought Anderson was guilty? - A. No; I told him I did not know any man.
Q. Did you offer to stop this prosecution, and not appear, if he would give you some money? - A. No.
Q.Did you offer to go back into the country if he would give you some money? - A. No.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
