






394. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BUTLER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, one rosin basket, value 12 d. three carpenter's squares, value 3 s. two planes, value 2 s. four iron chissels, value 12 d. a pair of pincers, and sundry other tools, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gee
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   GEE
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
: I lost the things in the indictment from Manchester-street


, from the house of Mr. 
               
                  William
                   Rendell
               



            , which was building; I was employed as a carpenter there; I last saw them there on the 4th of March, about twelve, upon the two pair of stairs floor; I did not see the prisoner take them; I saw them the next morning, at the watch-house; the constable shewed them me; they were mine.


                  WILLIAM
                   GEORGE GEE
               



             sworn.
I am son of the last witness. At six at night, on the 4th of March, I left these tools in the building; I saw them the next morning at the watch-house; I knew them to be my father's.


                  LAWRENCE
                   SIDDALL
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman: I took the prisoner on suspicion, at half past twelve, on the 5th of March, in Paddington-street, Mary-le-bone; he had these tools in a basket; I took him into custody: (the things deposed to:) he said he had his tools, and was a carpenter; and said so at the watch-house; but he could not tell the name of the tools.
Prosecutor. I can swear to this double iron jack plane; I pared the wedge down; I can swear to the rabbit plane, by the maker's name, and the corners knocked off; I know the three carpenter's squares; I made them myself.


                  William
                   George Gee
               



            . I can swear to these two squares.
Court to Prosecutor. How far is the house where the things were, from Paddington-street? - About four hundred yards.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A man employed me to carry them to Paddington.
Court to Watchman. Did he ever tell you a man had given him these goods? - No; he said they were his own.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
