






154. 
               
                  COVENTRY 
                  HARBIDGE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of December
, two Stafford Bank promissory notes, value 5 l. 5 s. each, two ditto of Wolverhampton Bank, value 5 l. 5 s. each, two ditto of Birmingham Bank, value 5 l. 5 s. each, and a Stafford Bank note, value 10 l.
             the said several notes being the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Otely
                  




               
            .
(The Case opened by Mr. Garrow.)


                  THOMAS
                   OTELY
               



             sworn.
I was nineteen last October, I am a japanner
; I lived in Mary-Ann-street, Birmingham, when I first became acquainted with the prisoner at the bar; I got acquainted with him at a wake at Deritend; we went to play at ball after dinner, about a fortnight after I left Birmingham; the second time I saw him, he asked me if I had not a legacy of 400 l. left me? we were then going along the street, this was about two days after we met the first time, we met at one Mr. Ratcliff's in Birmingham; I told him yes; he said it was a very pretty thing, and about a fortnight after I came to London, the prisoner went up to London and took his wife with him, and came down again, and sent to my father one Sunday morning; I was in bed, this was about a fortnight after I first saw him; I went to him, to the sign of the Ring of Bells in Birmingham; he asked me to go to London with him, he said, I could do better in London than what I could there; I told him I did not chuse to go to London, I could get myself two guineas a week, and I would rather stop where I was; he said, I could do better in London, and he would pay my passage up, so accordingly at last I agreed to come up with him, we came, and he went and took a house at Kensington; he asked me to do him some work; he said he would buy some trays if I would work them, I told him I should go and work for Mr. Strickland; he bought one tea tray first, and I japanned it, and he took it out, and then he bought two, and I japanned them, and then he bought double the quantity; I japanning, and he selling; he told me he would make me amends after Christmas; when Christmas was coming he asked me to go down to Birmingham; this was about a fortnight before Christmas, to receive this money; he said he had a legacy also to receive at Coventry, and he would go with me to receive my legacy; we went, and when we came to Coventry, he left me about half an hour; he had previous to our going, wrote a letter for me to copy to my father, to know when the money was to be received. My father sent me word up that he would send me word, when he had notice to go to receive it; my father's answer returned before I left London; when I got to Coventry he left me about half an hour, he said he was going to speak to one Mr. Wilmer, about his 200 l. legacy, when he came back he said Mr. Wilmer was not certain whether it was due to him or not, he should consult his attorney; we went from there to Litchfield, and stopped there one night, and then we got to Birmingham we went to the Saracen's Head; he slept there, and sent me to my father to ask about the legacy, and not to tell him that he was in town; my father knew him, but my father did not know he was come to London with me for certain; I went to my father and I slept there all night; I asked him, if he knew when the money was to be received, he told me the next Friday, then I came to the prisoner, at the Saracen's Head, he told me not to stop at Birmingham, says he, we will go to Litchfield; we went to Litchfield and stopped till Thursday; he said he did not like for any body to know that he was down there; I did not enquire the reason;I heard from the prisoner's representation, there had been a quarrel, between the prisoner and some people at Birmingham, I knew not that myself; on Thursday we returned then to Wolverhampton, where the legacy was to be received, and I met my father at Wolverhampton, and we received the 100 l. on Friday; we put up at the sign of the Bell, at Wolverhampton, and my father was appointed to meet me at the Angel, the prisoner gave him that direction; I met my father in the street just by the inn, and my father told me the money was to be received a fortnight after that Friday of the executor, for he had not got all the money in; the prisoner sent, he wanted to see my father, I brought my father to him, at his inn, at the Bell; he said to my father it would be useless my staying any longer on expence, that he was going to London, and I should go with him; and wanted him to ask the executor to let me have the money before the others; my father and the prisoner went to the executor, and the prisoner asked the executor to let me have the money, the executor took him for an attorney; the prisoner told me so, that the executor thought he was an attorney, he at first desired to have my whole 400 l. then he asked to let me have 200 l. and then he asked to let me have an 100 l. we got that, my father gave him a note of indemnity, it was paid in 18 l. cash, and the rest in country Bank notes; one of 10 l. and the rest five guinea notes, they were of Birmingham, and Wolverhampton, and Stafford Bank; him and my father, and me, we then went down to this Bell inn, and the prisoner went out to get a sixpenny stamp for me to give my father a receipt for the 100 l. and he wrote a pattern for me to write a receipt upon; I copied that, and my father gave me the money, and my father came with me as far as Bilson, about three miles from Wolverhampton; the prisoner told my father, that he was going to Birmingham, and he would take my father home to Birmingham; my father said he would go as far as Westbury, and there he would sleep; the prisoner told my father he was going strait down to Birmingham, my father expected to see him the next day at Birmingham, at his house; but instead of his going strait there, the prisoner drove off towards Litchfield, and we slept at Litchfield that night, he told me he would go to Birmingham then, but instead of that he drove off to London; in the road he stopped at Coventry, and was gone about half an hour, he said he went to Mr. Wilmer, and said that Mr. Wilmer said that the money was come due, and he could pay him some time in February, we arrived in London about the 19th of December; the next day I took the horse to the Spotted Dog in the Strand, I left it there, I did not go home that night, me and my two fellow apprentices went to the play; the next morning I went to see my uncle, and this prisoner was at my uncle's; my uncle lives in Cloth Fair; the prisoner called me out, and asked me to lend him 30 l. and said he would pay on Saturday, and he gave me a note for it, I have got that note here. (Produced.) I told him I should go out of town to Birmingham on Friday, he said I might as well go back to his house, and stop till I went out of town, it would be expensive to stop in town; I went back to his house; this was Thursday evening; on Friday morning, he says to me Tom, give me those notes; and I will go over to Mr. Stenson's, and get them cashed for you, you will rip them or lose them, or some mischief or another with them. Mr. Stenson lived over the way facing the prisoner's house, he is a mercer, I gave him the notes; six five guineas and two 10 l. notes, all of country Banks; they were those I received in the country, of whatparticular Banks, each were I cannot tell I delivered them to him, to get them cashed.
Q. Did you expect he would give you cash, I did; I parted with them to receive the cash; he brought me back the cash for a 10 l. about a quarter of an hour after, he said Mr. Stenson had got no more cash, this was about nine or ten on Friday morning, he said he would cash the remainder in town; I went with him to town, because I was going to dine with my uncle about one o'clock in the afternoon; I saw him again about nine o'clock at night, at his house at Kensington; I asked him for my notes, he says what notes? I never had any notes of you, nor nothing do I owe you, and nothing will I pay you; we quarrelled that night; on Saturday morning we got up and breakfasted, I did not speak to him then, but I went and spoke to him before he went out; he went out, and I went into the yard, I heard him say he was going to a neighbour's house for whom he had a tea urn to japan, I stopped in the house about half an hour, waiting for him to come in, he did not come in, I went to this neighbour's house and asked for such a person as he was not there; I came to London to my uncle; I heard of him the Tuesday night afterwards Christmas night; he was advertised in the paper.
Q. Did you receive any letter after he left Kensington? - One Mr. Charters did make an appointment, at a particular place for the purpose of receiving the money.
(The letter read by the Clerk.)
Q. Did you attend at that place? - I did.
Q. Who is Mr. Charters? - He lives in the same house with my uncle. I went at eight o'clock that morning according to the appointment of the letter, and a broker's cart was at the door, he had sold all his goods; I did not see him till the Saturday following I believe; at the time I gave him these notes, I gave them him for no other purpose than for him to get them changed.
Mr. Knowyles. It is three quarters of a year ago since you first became acquainted with this man? - Rather better.
Q. I think you told us that in about two or three days after you became acquainted with him, you went to London with him? - About a week.
Q. When you went to London you worked for him immediately almost? - For a week or so.
Q. You continued to work for him to the time you went to receive this legacy? - Yes.
Q. You cannot be mistaken as to the time, not materially? - No.
Q. Therefore of course, if you have said it was not three months since you was first acquainted with this man, that cannot be right? - It was rather better than three quarters of a year I believe; it is more than three months, but I cannot be sure to the time.
Q. How long was it after you first became acquainted with him, that you first worked for him in London? - Some where about three weeks, I am not positive to the time, it may be a month.
Q. You have never represented it any otherwise? - Never have.
Q. Therefore you could not say it was only three months? - I don't mean from this time, it may be more than three months from this time I left Kensington, that I was acquainted with him.
Q. Therefore it could be about three months ago you first began to work with him? - It was what they call Deritend wake, that I first saw him.

Court. Do you know what month Deritend wake is in? - I think it is a week before Michaelmas, we were in London a week before he took this house at Kensington, and there was a quarter's rent due at Christmas.
Mr. Knowlys. How do you know there was only a quarter's rent due at Christmas? - He had been in the house only a quarter.
Q. You went to Birmingham together? - We did.
Q. The prisoner was desirous that, your father should not know he was there, he expressed that desire? - He did.
Q. But at Litchfield he went to your father? - No, sir, it was at Wolverhamton, he told me to bring my father to him.
Q. He desired you to bring your father to him at Wolverhampton, then your father knew that you had journeyed together? - No.
Q. Your father and he went to this executor's? - We did.
Q. What was his name? - His name is Bird.
Q. Is he here now? - He is not.
Q. Did you desire him to come here? - No.
Q. Can you tell us what number of notes he paid you? - Eight five guinea notes, and four 10 l. notes, and the remainder in cash.
Q. Did your father see them paid to you? - My father received them of the executor, and I received them of my father.
Q. Is your father here? - He is not.
Q. Therefore we must take it all from you, for there is no other person here that was present at the time.
Q. Your father knows of this prosecution? - Yes.
Q. What time did you set out from London when you went to Wolverhampton? - The 18th or 19th of December.
Q. You say you worked for Mr. Strickland? - No, I did not, I worked for Mr. Strickland about half a year ago.
Q. Did you go to the play? - I did.
Q. Did you carry these notes about you? - No, I left them at a person's house who is a witness.
Q. Did you ever say that you lost something there? - No, never.
Q. You left Mr. Strickland with his approbation I take it for granted? - No, I did not.
Q. Did he know of your leaving him? - He did not, I left him because he would not give me my price for my work; when I first went to work for him, he said, every one in the shop allowed him 4 s. in the pound, and he had the articles drawn up for that purpose, and I found he had cheated me, and he had deceived me, for there was not above two or three in the shop that gave him that.
Q. Did you ever hear of the nature of the complaint Mr. Strickland had against you? - I heard a complaint, he sent a letter down to Birmingham, he sent word that I had stole the patterns, but it was patterns that my father had sent me up, and I took them down with me again.
Q. Did you ever hear of a constable having a warrant against you at Birminging? - I did not.
Q. Recollect Mr. Strickland is here, and I shall call him. Do you know what the notes were that you gave the prisoner to change? - I don't know what particular sort they were, there were six five guineas, and two ten pound notes.
Q. You lent this man 30 l.? - I did.
Q. When? - On Thursday the 20th of December.
Q. When was it you lost the notes? - I did not lose the notes, I gave the notes for him to get cash for them.
Court. In what manner did you advance him the 30 l. - I gave him two ten pound notes, and two five guinea notes, 30 l. 10 s.

Mr. Knowlys. On Saturday the money not being paid you desired Mr. Chater to apply to him? - I did.
Q. That was all then you desired Mr. Chater to do? - I told my uncle and Mr. Chater, all about this business of the other notes, and Mr. Chater advised me to ask him for the 30 l. first.


                  Q. 
               


            Do you know Mr. Benson. - Yes.
Q. Have you ever had any conversation with Mr. Benson on the subject of the riots at Birmingham? - No.
Q You never represented any thing that you have done there? - No, I have never done any harm there.
Q. You never was engaged with the prisoner in any partnership in this business? - No.
Mr. Garrow. Did the prisoner ever pretend there was any partnership till after he was in custody? - No, not till after he was in custody, he told me he would satisfy me after Christmas.
Mr. Knowlys. You never found any of these notes? - No, not since he has had them.
CHRISTOPHER KENNEDY sworn.
I had an order from the magistrate to search the prisoner, I went to him, and searched him, but found nothing on him, his words were that he never had any notes, except what he gave him the 30 l. for.


                  THOMAS
                   SOCKETT
               



             sworn.
I am uncle to this young man.
Q. Did you ever hear the prisoner say any thing about these notes? - No.
Q. Did you ever hear your nephew say any thing to him about them? - Never.
Q. Was you present at Bow-street? - I was, the prisoner there by his counsel.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner himself say any thing? - I did not.
Court. Was there any conversation at Bow-street between your nephew and the prisoner? - No.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.


                  EDWARD
                   STRICKLAND
               



             sworn.
I live in St. John's-street, I am a coach-maker and japanner, I employ from sixty to eighty men.
Q. Was the young Otely at any time in your service? - He was about five months with me.
Q. Was he a weekly servant or how? - When he first applied to our manufactory he was in a deplorable situation, he came as a journeyman for the first, second, or three weeks, after which time he wished to be articled for three years, it was his own desire, he behaved in a very base manner indeed.
Q. Is he such a lad that you would believe on his oath? - I would not.
Q. Did he leave your service or did you turn him away? - He left our service without our knowledge, him and another young fellow stole several patterns which was a material consequence to our manufactory.
Q. Did you take any means to find out this young Otely? - I applied to know if any one had seen Otely cut them patterns, I had a warrant against him, advertised him in the Birmingham papers, I did not succeed in finding him out till about a month ago, I overtook him in St. John's-street.
Mr. Garrow. It is very possible you can help us to the date when you applied to get this warrant? - No I cannot.
Q. Then I can help you to it very soon; on your oath, was it not on the very day the prisoner was under examination? - It was not; there was two warrants, one to apprehend him in Birmingham, that was some time about May or June.
Q. Before whom did you make that information? - Before justice Clarke.
Q. There was another warrant as a runaway apprentice, the day the prisoner was examined? - There was.

Q. You had forgot the charge of felony then - The young fellow that was in the office is ill in Birmingham infirmary.
Q. Who invited you to make that charge that day? - No body invited me but what is just.
Q. Then just or unjust who invited you to Bow-street? - No body.
Q. Did not the prisoner send for you to come there and make the charge? - The prisoner sent for me.
Q. Don't repeat the question, answer it. - Give me time to recollect myself; the prisoner acquainted me that he was in custody, on the charge of Otely, and that if I wanted an opportunity of making him my prisoner, then was my time.
Q. No body invites me but what is just; the prisoner did tell me that he was in custody, on a charge of Otely, and that if I wanted an opportunity of making him my prisoner, then was my time. Mr. Strickland, when was it you had that invitation to come and do what is just, perhaps you have got the letter in your pocket that he sent to you? - No, I have not, he sent a verbal message.
Q. By whom was it sent? - I don't know to my knowledge.
Q. Will you swear you have not seen him to day? - I will.
Q. What might be the message? - That Mr. Harbidge was a prisoner, and that I wanted an opportunity of finding Otely, I might meet him there on his examination.
Q. Did you produce the warrant at Bow-street, you had taken out before? - No, it is in the country.
Q. On your oath, did you even hint at it? - I did to the clerk, I wanted a warrant for both felony and as a run-away apprentice, but I could not bring the young man that see him put the patterns in his handkerchief.
Q. And so he refused the warrant; do you know the clerk's name? - I do not.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with the prisoner? - I believe he has been at different times at our manufactory for three, four or five months, I don't know what way of life he was in.
Q. Did he ever sell you any goods? - No.
Q. What is the reason on which you say you would not believe this young man on his oath? - Upon account of his misconduct in our manufactory, his conduct was so base, damning and blasting his eyes and limbs, and instead of attending to his business six days, he used to attend to it three; and many other things, his behaviour in every part whatever was bad.
Q. Perhaps one might help you, perhaps he might represent to you, that you ought to allow him 4 s. in the pound more. What was the money that was stipulated? - He was paid on common prices.
Q. Have you the articles there? - I have.
Q. Produce them; was that twenty per cent. the usual article in your manufactory? - It was.
Q. Will you venture to swear that five made you an allowance of twenty per cent. in December 1791? - I think I could say ten did.
Q. Will you swear that you believe five out of sixty made you that allowance? - I will swear nothing but what is fact; there is not above twenty in this line.
Q. Will you swear that you believe that out of the twenty there were five that allowed you twenty per cent? - I think I could swear there were ten.
Q. Did not the young man make that representation as I have before stated? - He cheated besides, he borrowed money and never paid.
Q. Of whom? - Of me.
Q. What more than the twenty per cent.
Mr. Knowlys. The reason that you made no complaint of felony against himwas because a material witness was ill in Birmingham? - He was, or I would have sent for him up.


                  JOSEPH
                   BENSON
               



             sworn.
I am foreman to Mr. 
               
                  Edward
                   Strickland
               



            , Otely was under articles to him for three years, he was there five or six months, he behaved himself very well for three weeks or a month, but after that he behaved in a most ridiculous manner, and corrupting the boys in bad language.
Q. Did he keep to his hours? - No.
Q. Would you believe him on his oath? - I would not believe him in any shape, I never saw him steady in my life.
Q. Any other reason? - I believe he was concerned in taking a great many patterns, I know a great many patterns were missing, I missed them myself, I am the person that takes care of them.
Q. Pray did he ever say any thing to you about the riots at Birmingham? - He told me he was concerned in pushing out the pulpit in the old Meeting house at Birmingham, he used to go on in that strange manner; I assisted in pushing out the pulpit at the old Meeting house, he used to swear Church and King.


                  SAMUEL
                   WOOLLEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Piccadilly; I am a cutler and hardwareman, I have known Harbidge from the beginning of November last, I really cannot say any thing of his character, he has brought goods to my shop.


                  JOHN
                   FULLER
               



             sworn.
I have known him about four or five months, I have not known him enough to be able to give him a character, he has bought goods of me.
Mr. Garrow to Sockett. How long have you known this young fellow your nephew? - About three years, I have not had an opportunity of forming a character of him.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 43.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
