





396. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     STERLING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of May
, a silver watch, value 3l. and a steel watch-chain, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Foreman
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY
                   FOREMAN
               



             sworn. - I am a cabinetmaker, a journeyman
: I met the prisoner at the bar near Bridges-street, the corner of Russel-street, she took me to Little Catherine-street, to a house called the Dark-House


, 
               
                  John
                   Robins
               



             was with me, it was a public-house; after sitting some time, I pulled out my watch to see what was o'clock, and the prisoner snatched the watch out of my hand, it was a silver watch, with a steel chain, and put it into her bosom; three men rushed in and assisted her in making her escape, one of whom, I understood lived with her, they prevented me pursuing her; the young man that was with me jumped over the table, but was prevented going after her; I did not go to her lodgings till a fortnight after; the mother of the girl brought me a letter, and I got a constable and detained the mother, and she took us to her lodgings, she was getting her breakfast, and the man was in bed who assisted her in making her escape; I saw the watch in the pawnbroker's hands, the pawnbroker has it now; I know the watch by my father's name being on the back, and my name on the pendant ring; the chain was taken off and a piece of string fixed to the watch, I can swear to the watch; she was in my company about three hours, I have no doubt of her person, it happened on the 17th of May.
Prisoner. I was in company with those gentlemen three or four nights before this happened; he put the watch down my bosom.

Court. (To Foreman.) Q. Were you in company with the prisoner before this happened? - A. Yes, once at the a-la-mode-beef-house; I was perfectly sober at the time.


                  JOHN
                   ROBINS
               



             sworn. - I am a gentleman's servant, I am not in place now, I lived with Mr. Steward last, No. 1, Dean-street, Tooley-street, in the Borough, as footman: I was in company with 
               
                  Henry
                   Foreman
               



             at the time he was robbed; I met him at the corner of Russel-street, at the top of Bridges-street, I went to the Dark-House with him and the prisoner; I had not been with him above two hours before she took the watch, we were drinking with the girl; Foreman pulled the watch out to see what was o'clock, and the prisoner snatched it out of his hand, and there came three or four men and assisted her in making her escape; I jumped over the table in pursuit of her and she was gone; I saw her about a fortnight afterwards at her lodgings in Johnson's-court, I saw the same man as was there at the time the watch was taken; I have seen the watch since in the pawnbroker's hands, I know the watch sufficiently to know it again, the chain I have never seen since; there is a piece of string tied to the watch.
Jury. Q. Was the prosecutor and the girl acquainted before this? - A. There was an acquaintance; we were at the a-la-mode-beef-house two or three nights before.


                  GEORGE
                   GOLDEY
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker: I produce a silver watch, I took it in of a man who said his name was James Simmons; it was pawned on the 18th of May, it had nothing to it but a piece of string and a key, I have kept it ever since; I lent one pound fifteen shillings on it, I gave a duplicate with it.
Jury. Q. Had you received any pledges from that man before that? - A. I cannot say I ever did.


                  PATRICK
                   MACLEOD
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: I apprehended the girl, I got the duplicate of the watch at her mother's; I know nothing more. (The watch produced).
Henry Foreman. This is my watch, my father's initials, J. F. is upon the back of it, and here is H. F. here.
Prisoner's defence. I was in company with them three or four nights before this, and we went to an a-la-mode-beef-shop; and a night or two after that, I met with those young men in Drury-lane, and we went into a house and had something to drink, and then they went and bought us some pies, and took them to this Dark-House; he took the watch out of his pocket and put it down my bosom, and they sung two or three songs after I had the watch; he was very much in liquor at the time. I sent him a note to know if he would accept of the watch again; he said, he would not without I would give him a guinea.
Court. (To Foreman.) Q. Did you offer to make this up for a guinea? - A. No; I have a gentleman here to prove it; the note said, if I would accept of half-a-guinea and the duplicate, and half-a-guinea by instalments, they would call and settle it; I would have nothing to do with it.


                  JOHN
                   TISSLEY
               



             sworn. - Q. Did you receive any note from the girl? - A. I received a letter from one of the young men, purporting that if the young man would accept of the duplicate and half-a-guinea, and half-a-guinea by instalments, they would call and settle it.
Court. Q. Did the prosecutor agree to settle it? - A. He wished to have his property, he did not wish to take any hostile steps.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 18.) 


               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
