





221. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of March
, sixteen yards of linen, value 20 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Robinson
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   LEADBETTER
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. 
               
                  George
                   Robinson
               



            . On the 31st of March, Thursday, between three and four o'clock, in the afternoon, I, in consequence of information from Mr. Robinson to look at the prisoner, I cast my eyes towards her, and saw one piece of lawn fall to the ground loose, from underneath her cloak, towards her left side, and the other piece of lawn I saw her attempt to lay upon some goods as she was going out; it fell to the ground at the same time: I stopped her in the shop, she begged my pardon, and said she did not intend to take it. Thetwo pieces together made, one about ten yards, and the other seven yards and an half.
Mr. Garrow. The woman had bought some linen and paid for it? - She had bought two yards.
Several other people were in the shop at the time? - I believe there might be six or eight.
A large shop, is it not? - It is a largish shop.


                  THOMAS
                   MEEPLES
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Robinson; I served the prisoner with two yards of lawn, and she paid for it; at the time she was served there were several other pieces on the counter: as she was going out, I saw one piece of lawn drop from her left side, and I saw her lay another piece at her right hand side. Mr. Leadbetter took the gauze into his care.
(The gauze produced and deposed to by the marks, and having the very goods in the wrapper before.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am as innocent as a child unborn; I never was accused of a halfpenny worth of the kind in all my born days.
The prisoner called seven witnesses to her character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
