





29. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BENTLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of November
, six fur tippets, value 6s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hannom
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   HANNOM
               



             sworn. - I am a haberdasher
 in Oxford-road


; the tippets were tied at the outside of my door; about six o'clock, I happened to turn round and miss them: I saw them there not three minutes before I missed them; I ran to the door, and said, I have lost some tippets; a person coming by at the time, said, there are two men run down the opposite street; I immediately pursued them, and saw a lad and a man together, and the tippets hanging out from under the lad's coat or apron; he dropped the tippets, I jumped over them, and called out to a person behind me to take them up, I pursued him and caught him.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner at the bar is the person from whom the tippets dropped? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you ever lose sight of him after you saw the tippets drop from him? - A. No; I caught him and took him to my house, I talked with him a quarter of any hour; I said; if he would tell his accomplice, I would discharge him; he first said he would, and then he would not, then I took him to the office, I have the tippets here. (Produces them.)
Q. Are these the tippets you saw hanging from his apron? - A. Yes, there are half a dozen of them; I am sure they are my property, they have my mark upon them.


                  THOMAS
                   HUMPHRIES
               



             sworn. - As I was coming along Oxford-street, on Monday evening, I saw the prisoner and a stout man run away from Mr. Hannom's shop; I told him two men bad gone out of his shop, have they got any thing, he said, yes; I said, they went down Argyle-street; I ran before him, and just at the bottom, this young lad and the stout man were walking along slowly, I called halloa, or something of that sort, and Mr. Hannom came up; they began to run again, the big one stopped at the corner of Marlborough-street, and asked if I wanted any thing, upon that I said, no; by this time, Hannom came up, and I said, these are the men.
Q. Who dropped the tippets? - A. That boy;I saw them in his apron, I picked them up, I believe they are the same, I saw the mark at Marlborough-street.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 13.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
