





50. 
               
                  
                     LEVI 
                     BENJAMIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of November
, a base metal watch, value 4l. a piece of silk ribbon, value 1d. and a watch key, value 1d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Thornhill
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            .
WILLIAM THORNHILL sworn. - I am a student of surgery
, in St. Thomas's and Guy's Hospital: On the 9th of November, about two o'clock, I was walking with a friend on this side Temple-bar


, I was separated from my friend by a number of men, two of them passing before me and halting, I endeavoured to shun them by going out into the street; on my attempting that, some of them got on my left side and prevented me, and hustled me on to the pavement again; I was then surrounded so as not to be able to move without making use of some violence, I endeavoured to push through them to get into the middle of the street, on which one of them got hold of my right arm, saying, we must go that way, and pushed me back; I pushed the man down, and got among the coaches, and got clear of them; a gentleman then came up to me, and asked if I had not lost something; I searched my fob immediately for my watch, and found it was gone.
Q. Did you feel your watch go? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Did you perceive any attempt to take it? - A. No, I did not; at that moment a boy told me he saw the man that took the watch, the boy kept his eye upon the man while I called a constable, and he was taken in about five minutes after I missed my watch; when the prisoner was in custody, I saw my watch in the hand of a man of the name of Arnold.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You were beset by a great number of people, but who took your watch you don't know? - A. No.
Q. Being pushed about, you were in some fear? - A. Yes.
Q. You were used with violence? - A. Yes.
Q. Somebody laid hold of your arm? - A. Yes.
Q. You were used with violence, and put in fear? - A. Yes.


                  EDWARD
                   WILLIAMS
               



            . - Q. How old are you? - A. Twelve years.
Q. Have you ever been sworn? - A. Yes; at Guildhall.
Q. Do you knew what will become of you in the other world if you say that that is false? - A. No; I do not.
Q. Have you never been taught what will become of bad boys, that tell lies, in the other world? - A. No; I have never been taught that. (Net examined).


                  RICHARD
                   ARNOLD
               



             sworn. - I live in West-Harding-street, I keep a chandler's-shop; I was standing at my door, I heard a running, I looked and saw five or six people, I saw the prisoner turn out of New-street, down West-Harding-street, that goes into Fetter-lane; he dropped on his side, as if putting something down, and went on; I immediately went to see what it was, and saw a watch, in a sort of an area, about a foot deep; at the very spot where he stooped, the patrol of St. Dunstan's was looking to see which way he went; I said, that is the man, he took him immediately; and I took up the watch out of the area, and went up to him, and said, this is the man that dropped the watch; I kept the watch in my possession till I had taken the number and marks sufficiently to know it again, then I gave it to the constable, Mr. Fidler; Mr. Pitt had hold of him before Mr. Fidler came up.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. How far is New-street, where you first saw the prisoner, from Fleet-street? - A. About eighty yards.
Q. You saw the prisoner stoop, but knew nothing about a watch being stolen till you came to the area? - A. I had a suspicion, I saw him drop something, I did not know what.
Court. Q. Was the prisoner going in a direction from Fleet-street? - A. Apparently so, towards me.


                  JOHN
                   PITT
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol: The first I saw of it was, I saw the prisoner, and two more, running out of Fetter-lane down Featherbed-lane, the other two took down Pemberton-row; one of them said, damn your eyes brush round here, that was round the corner of the other street, which he did; I had a sack of wood on my back, I threw it down, and followed him; I turned the corner and laid hold of him, and said, come back with me; he said, I have done nothing, let me go; I said, he must come back with me, as I had heard a cry of stop thief; two or three persons came to my assistance, Arnold was the second person that came up, with the watch in his hand, which he said he had picked up out of a window; we took him to the watch-house, and searched him, but found nothing about him; the prisoner did not say any thing.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. - Q. At the time you stopped him, he said, let me go, I have done nothing? - A. Yes.
Q. This was Lord-Mayor's day? - A. Yes;the procession proceeded that way; there was a great croud of people in Fleet-street.
Q. And people running up the court to get different ways? - A. I cannot say.


                  JOHN
                   FIDLER
               



             sworn. - I am an officer; the prosecutor was pointed out to me in Fleet-street, by a person, who said, he had been robbed of his watch; I followed the prisoner down Fetter-lane, and called stop thief, and Pitt ran after him and took him; Arnold said, he saw him drop the watch in the area; I saw Arnold take it out; I have had it in my possession ever since; I took the prisoner into custody from Pitt. (The watch was produced in Court).
Prosecutor. This is my watch; I know it by the ribband, by its having a sunk wheel, and the maker's name, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hunter
               



            , of whom I purchased it; there is a particular mark; there is an addition which is common to watches, of which this is deficient.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You don't mean to swear to this dirty piece of ribband? - A. From all the appearance of the watch, I believe it to be mine.
Q. I don't understand you to swear positively to this watch? - A. No, to the appearance of it; there may be watches like it in the world.
Q. From the appearance of the watch, do you mean to swear this is your watch? - A. To the best of my belief.
Court. Q. It was shewn you five minutes after you lost it? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Q. How long have you had the watch? - A. About a month.
Q. You have not had an opportunity of being much acquainted with the watch? - A. Yes, by taking it out every day.


                  JOHN
                   PENN
               



             sworn. - I am upper servant to Mr. Kensington: On the 9th of November I saw the prisoner and seven or eight more walking up and down by Temple-bar; I saw Mr. Thornhill come along, and a gentleman laying hold of his arm; some of them got before him, and some behind him, and made a stop; the prisoner was one of them; after that I saw Mr. Thornhill, and went to him, and asked him if he had lost any thing; the prisoner went off towards Fetter-lane.
Q. Was the prisoner near enough to Mr. Thornhill to take the watch, or to assist those that did? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. I am a hard-working fellow; I was going to my master's; Pitt laid hold of me; I asked him what he wanted with me; he said, I must go with him, and he took me to the watchman; I am innocent of this charge.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY
Of 


               stealing, but not privily from the person
            .(Aged 34.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
