





23. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NORMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th day of November
 last, two pewter pint pots, value 1 s. one pewter half-pint pot, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Pidgeon
                  




               
            .


                  JEREMIAH
                   PIDGEON
               



             sworn.
I keep the Magpye, in Aldersgate-street




. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  HENRY
                   BOLT
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came into my tap-room, the Griffin, Long-lane, Smithfield, about twelve o'clock, the 14th of November, and called for a pennyworth of half and half in a pint pot; my waiter missed the pot; my wife inquired for it, and challenged the prisoner; she took him by the collar, and took Mr. Pidgeon's pint pot and mine out of his pocket: the constable has had it ever since; his name is 
               
                  John
                   Evans
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
On the 14th of November, I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; I found a pint and half-pint in his pocket; I put him in the Compter, and then went to inform Mr. Pidgeon; I have kept the pots ever since. Produces them.
(Pidgeon deposes to the pots.)
I missed the pots about eleven o'clock the same day, before I saw the constable; my name is on them; the pots are mine; I never sold any of that description.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found these pots at the corner of Long-lane; I met an acquaintance; he asked me to take part of a pint of purl? I said I had no objection: I went into Bolt's and there Mrs. Bolt accused me; I said I had nobody's pots but Mr. Pidgeon's, and I am going to take them home.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
