





134. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CAYE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of February
, eighteen yards of black silk lace, value 48s. one yard of black silk lace, value 3s. 9d. thirteen yards of black silk lace, value 52s. two yards and a half of black silk lace, value 10s. nine yards of thread lace, value 39s. five yards and a half of white thread lace, value 22s. two yards of white thread lace, value 7s. 6d. and two yards and one eighth of white thread lace, value 8s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Wells
                     



                  , 
                     
                        William 
                        Wells
                     



                  , 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Gilchrist
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Neville
                        



                     
                  , privately, in their shop
            .


                  BENJAMIN
                   GILCHRIST
               



             sworn. - I am a haberdasher



, at No. 52, Fleet-street, the sign of the Three Pigeons and Mitre


, in partnership with Peter Wells and William Wells, Myself, and 
               
                  William
                   Neville
               



            : The prisoner was at our house on Wednesday the eight of this month, between two and three; she bought two articles; I did not attend her myself, but I received the money after the goods were put up; I understood that she had taken some lace, and I desired one of my young men, John Simmons, to follow her and see where she went; I presently received a message from him to come to Mr. Knapp's the pastry-cook in Fleet-street; I went there, and sent for Mr. March the Ward beadle, to search her; I there saw a card of black lace that had been taken from her; I saw the beadle search her, and take from her another card of black lace, which I know to be our own, I know it by my own hand-writing; I also saw him take from her another card, containing five sundry remnants, which are specified in the indictment, they were white thread edgings; and, in shaking her cloaths, a piece of narrow thread lace likewise sell from her, which appeared to have been held in the hand, by the form in which I took it up; it was done up in half-yard lengths; I then took her to the Compter; they had all my own marks, every one of them.
Q. Did she say any thing at the time? - A. Yes; she said, Pray let me go now, you have got your property; she begged again, and importuned me very much.
Q. Did she say who she was? - A. No; she would not say who she was.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Your's is a very considerable haberdasher's-shop, as we all know, in Fleet-street? - A. Yes.
Q. I observe, as we go along, we see the names of Wells, Fisher, and Headeach? - A. No.
Q. Nor ever was? - A. Yes; but Mr. Fisher has been from the house four or five years; and Mr. Headeach thirteen months.
Q. Their names are still upon the shop-bills? - A. Mr. Headeach's, not Mr. Fisher's.
Q. How many persons are there in your shop? - A. I must begin to count them.
Q. I thought so; nine or ten, perhaps? - A. I believe there may.
Q. They are not all here? - A. Only the young woman that attended her, and the young man that I sent out.
A. The rest are at home? - A. Yes.
Q. You stated something that she said; had you said any thing to her first? - A. I had accused her of stealing the lace.
Q. Did not you tell her it would be better for her if she told you what became of the lace? -
Court. Q. That cannot affect the evidence that he has given, for she only said, now you have got your property back. - You had a number of people in your shop? - A. Yes.
JOHN SIMMONS sworn. - I am articled to the house of Wells and Company; at the request of Mr. Gilchrist I followed the prisoner down thestreet upon the other side of the way, and observed her till the moment she went into Mr. Knapp's, the pastry-cook's-shop; I did not see her go in at the door; supposing she might have gone into the shop, I went opposite the shop, and perceived the same coloured ribbons she had on in the shop; I immediately crossed over the way, and went up to Mr. Knapp's door, and at the moment I got to the door, I saw her take a card of lace from the bottom of her gown, it was pinned up; I immediately went into the shop, and put my hand upon the piece of lace, which was covered up with a handkerchief, and begged to look at it; the handkerchief was before lying upon the counter, and she put it into the handkerchief and turned the ends over it; I looked at the card, and saw it had our private mark; I sent immediately for Mr. Gilchrist, and Mr. March; Mr. March searched her, and he took another card of black lace out of the same place where she took this out; I saw him take it out; I likewise saw him take out the card of remnants, Mr. Gilchrist mentioned, out of her pocket, the right-hand side; I know nothing of the lengths of the lace, any more than seeing them upon the counter; I did not see him take them from her, and I went with Mr. Gilchrist with her to the Compter; I understood her to say, take your property and set me at liberty; I did not hear her say who she was.
Q. Was you in the shop at the time the prisoner was? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see her take any thing? - A. I did not.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. At this time a number of persons were serving in this shop? - A. Yes.


                  ELIZABETH
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn. - I am shop-woman to Wells and Company; the prisoner came into the shop on the 8th of this month, to look at some black lace, which I shewed her; she wanted to match some, she brought a small piece with her, she looked at some, but we did not agree about the price; she wished to look at some white thread lace, I shewed her some, which was a box of remnants; she bought one at three shillings, there were two yards and a quarter of it; afterwards she wished to look at some other of different prices, from three shillings to six shillings; she took two pieces of white lace into her muff, I saw her draw them and I took them from her; she asked for some blue pealing satin; I was so much agitated at taking the lace from her that I called to one of the young girls behind the counter, and she called to one of the shop-men to serve her, his name is Grieve, he is not here; he cut off a yard of pealing satin.
Q. At the time you were serving her, were those cards of black lace open so that she could take them? - A. Yes; I opened the box myself.
Q. Were the remnants in the same box? - A. No; they were all in separate boxes.
Q. Had you opened the other boxes? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you seen the remnants since? - A. Yes.
Q. Were they in the same box? - A. Yes; I saw the card of lace at the time I was serving her that had the remnants upon it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You saw this card of lace in the box? - A. There was a box of white lace, a box of black lace, and a box of remnants.
Q. How many persons might be near you at the time? - A. There might be three, or there might be four; one person might be within two yards.
Q. Is that person here? - A. No.
Q. A lady or gentleman? - A. A gentleman.
Q. Whether he saw it or not you don't know? - A. He told me he did not.
(
               
                  William
                   March
               



            , the ward beadle, produced the lace, which was deposed to by Mr. Gilchrist).
The prisoner left her defence to her Counsel.
GUILTY, (Aged 30).
Of 


               stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
