





399. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of May
, 13 l. in monies numbered; the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Borradaile
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Richardson 
                           Borradaile
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Atkinson
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said 
                     
                        William
                         Borradaile
                     



.


                  WILLIAM
                   BORRADAILE
               



             sworn.
I am an hatmaker


; my partners names are 
               
                  Richardson
                   Borradaile
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Atkinson
               



            ; I keep the house, I dwell there; none of my other partners dwell there; I lost to the amount of one hundred and thirty pounds and upwards; the prisoner was an apprentice
 of captain Hodgson's, of the Cornwallis, who desired he might stay as a clerk in our housewhile he was gone to India he is now on the eve of departing, he came to us about a twelve month before he was taken up, in May 1792. The beginning of February last our petty cash keeper came to me, and in consequence of some information from him the prisoner was taken up on the 6th of May, and committed to the Poultry Compter, having previously confessed in my hearing.
Q. At the time the confession was made had you made him any offer of favour or threatened him? - Never.
Q. Had you said any thing at all to make any impression on his mind, one way or the other? - I had not.
Q. Had you taken him up? - I had not.
Mr. Knapp. I understand there is a written confession.
Court to Prosecutor. Was there a written confession taken? - There was on the 7th of May.
Q. Did you see the prisoner sign it? - I did, I see him sign something, I cannot say it was this paper.
Q. Do you know there is any body else here that see him sign that paper? - I don't know there is.
Q. When was this written confession made? - He was taken up on Monday the 6th of May, the confession was made on Tuesday.
Q. When was the other confession made that you was talking of before? - That was on Monday morning the 6th of May, he came to me, to the counting house, and said that he was the person who had robbed the desks; I had sent for him into the counting house and asked him why he went out on the Sunday without my leave. On the Saturday, previously, I questioned him how he came by such and such clothes and he had often been flush of money, I did not know that it was with my own money; I questioned him how he came by such and such clothes, he having laid out about twenty five pounds, I asked him where he had got the money? he replied, from a Mr. Law the third officer in the ship Cornwallis and whom he sailed with, and with Mr. Hodgson; he said that he had had various sums at different times but could not tell within ten or fifteen pounds how much he had had of Law, Saturday evening I forbid him to go out of my house on the Sunday without my leave. On the Sunday morning I got access to Mr. Law and he denied every thing that the prisoner said; on his coming into the counting house on Monday morning, I asked him why he went out the Sunday contrary to my express approbation? he said he had been to 
               
                  Thomas
                   Barton
               



            , a weaver at the Bohemia Tavern, Turnham Green to tell them of the business which had happened.
Q. What did he mean by that business? - Alluding to the business of robbing the desk; I understood that he had been to 
               
                  Robert
                   Barton
               



             to tell him that he was like to be found out for robbing the desk, and I understood that he told 
               
                  Robert
                   Barton
               



             that he was like to be indicted or found out, and that he could not have these clothes, they would not be delivered to him which he had ordered of Mr. Richards; I had been previously on the Saturday morning with Richards the taylor, he said in this conversation, that he had taken the money out of the desk, after he had talked about Barton and Richards, not before; after this I sent for the witness 
               
                  Robert
                   Hop Massey
               



             the cash keeper, who had been discharged from our service, from suspicion of being concerned in the robbery, he had left us the 25th of March; I sent for him and his brother; on their coming I told them that his brother's character was clear; I called the prisoner into the parlour and in the presence of the prisoner told 
               
                  Robert
                   Hop Massey
               



             that the prisoner had confessed that he had taken the money, and that I was glad my suspicions were wrong; he then confessed to them what he confessed previously to me: after Isent for the constable and took him to the Compter.
Q. Have you ever found any of your money that was missing? - Never; the first time I heard any money was missing was the account given me by my cash keeper, he is here; I missed out of my own desk eighteen or twenty or twenty-two pounds which I did not miss till the 25th of March; three guineas of which the prisoner told me he took away from a particular bag, and described it; I asked him by what means he got at the desk? he said he had four keys which opened it, which keys he flung down the necessary.
Q. You did not see these guineas I suppose? - No.
Mr. Knapp. Mr. Borradaile, I want first of all to be better acquainted with this house of yours; you say you have two partners, 
               
                  Richardson
                   Borradaile
               



             and 
               
                  John
                   Atkinson
               



            ? - Yes.
Q. The house and the warehouse adjoins? - They do.
Q. The rent of the house is it borne by you or all your partners? - I am the landlord of the whole, and I charge the trade with a certain portion of the rent.
Q. Then the dwelling house, your dwelling house, is paid for by all the partners? - I pay for the whole in the first instance, and I charge to the trade for the proportion of the rent.
Court. Do you charge any proportion for the dwelling house? - Not for the dwelling house.
Q. Where was this counting house? - In the warehouse.
Q. Which it is paid for by the trade? - It is.
Q. Is it all under one roof? - It all adjoins.
Q. You are the only person that dwell there? - Yes, I consider myself as the master, but the other partners dwell there occasionally.
Court. Then that takes it out of the act.
Mr. Knapp. At first when you suspected the prisoner I think it was on Saturday the 4th of May? - That was the first time I had any conversation, I suspected him previously.
Q. On Saturday evening you stated to me before, that you had no sort of conversation with the prisoner? - Not in the evening; I had a great deal in the middle of the day.
Q. Do you remember saying this to him, that the best way to save you the trouble, and the prisoner the disgrace, would be for him to confess that he had robbed you, for now is the time for to stand or fall? - I never said any such a thing.
Q. Nor to that effect? - I am positive I did not.
Q. On Monday following did you promise or say any thing at all about shewing him mercy? - Not in the least.
Q. Did you say any thing like this, that if he could find any friend that could make up the money the matter should be hushed up? - Never.
Q. How long had the prisoner lived with you before you suspected him at all? - He came to us in May 1792, and I did not suspect him till after this deficiency was found out.
Q. Will you have the goodness to recollect whether when he came to you from captain Hodgson, he did not come with an exellent character? - He did.
Q. You say that of Massey, you had entertained suspicions of him, and in point of fact he had been discharged? - Not in consequence of dishonest suspicion; I had given him notice to quit our service before that, but he did not quit it without suspicion, because he could not account for these deficiencies.

Q. After his discharge and before any suspicions fell on the prisoner, had there not been a considerable number of deficiencies and mistakes happen? - Never since Massay was discharged there was no mistake, but before there was reason to suspect.
Q. Do you recollect having any conversation with the prisoner at the bar on Monday before you went to the magistrate's? - None but what I have related.
Q. Then there was no conversation of this sort, I am in hopes that captain Hodgson will come forward and make up matters, to which you answered, if captain Hodgson will do that I am satisfied? - Never.
Q. Had you not some conversation about six or seven o'clock in the evening when captain Hodgson and Mr. Barvis was present on Monday? - I do recollect we had some conversation in the afternoon, we were in the parlour together, and Roberts said he was a bad fellow, and deserved any punishment that should be inflicted on him, and that he would suffer the punishment due to his crimes.
Q. I wish you would be kind enough to recollect again, for I have it in my instructions said, that you made a promise of some sort of favour or held out a favour to this man? - Never.
Q. By whose means did you discover that he had robbed you? - By his own confession alone.
Q. He came then voluntarily to you and acknowledged himself to be guilty of a capital crime; then it did not proceed from any conversation that you had with him, but he came to you point blank at once? - He did, point blank at once, without any sort of inducement, promise or threat.
Jury. There had been some conversation respecting his clothes? - There had, but that was on Saturday the 4th.
Court. You mean to say that he made the confession without any sort of inducement held out by you? - He did so; and said what I have said already.
Q. Was there any recommendation to him to tell the truth if he was guilty, or to that effect, or that you would not prosecute him if he would tell who was the thief? - Never.
Q. So then there never was any promise of reward, or promise of screening him from justice, or any thing to that effect? - There never was.
Mr. Knapp. Then I am sure the man must be a madman.


                  ROBERT
                   HOP MASSEY
               



             sworn.
I was Clerk to Mr. Borradaile in October last; when I entered into the service of Mr. Borradaile, I was put under Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Clarke
               



            , the Clerk of the counting house, who, after I had been there about a fortnight, entrusted me with the petty cash, after having kept it about two months, one day I found a deficiency of about fifteen pounds, the prisoner being in the counting house, I mentioned it to him, he advised me to mention it to the head clerk, which I did, and the head clerk wished me not to communicate the business to Mr. Borradaile, he would see if I had made any mistake; it passed on for five or six days, when I reckoned up my cash again and I found five or six pounds more short, which I again mentioned to the head clerk; he advised me the same as before, and every time that I went to examine it I found it five or six pounds short; I took care to mention it every time; it came to the amount of one hundred and twelve pounds one shilling and four pence short in the course of six weeks; the head clerk then advised me to make up the deficiencies and say nothing about it to Mr. Borradaile; with the advice of my friends I communicated it to Mr.Borradaile, who made me reply that he could do nothing in the business; my friends coming forward they were determined to have the business investigated; I was examined on the 18th of March before Mr. Alderman Wright.
Q. Had you left your place at that time? - I had not; I did not leave it till the 25th, on some disagreement between Mr. Borradaile and me, not relating to this money at all, I was present on the 6th of May at Mr. Borradaile's, the prisoner there confessed that he had taken all the money I had lost.
Mr. Knapp. Why Mr. Massey, you had like to have got into a scrape here? - It was a private examination, sir.
Q. You did go before Mr. Alderman Wright? - I did.
Q. Who attended there? - Mr. Borradaile.
Q. On the 18th then every thing was settled, and you was discharged before the Alderman? - I was totally to Mr. Borradaile's satisfaction.
Q. So well satisfied that he kept you seven days after. How came you to keep all this so snug from your master? - By the advice of the head clerk.
Q. He was the person that invested you with the cash? - He was.
Q. So you chose to pursue the advice of the head clerk instead of going to your master? - I thought the head clerk would advise me to the best.
Q. Did not you think it was very odd to lose till it amounted to the tune of one hundred and twelve pounds? did you not think it extraordinary that he should give you this advice? - I did not know his reason, the only reason he gave me was that Mr. Borradaile would think it very careless of me.
Q. Therefore he, in order to screen you, advised you not to tell your master; so he and you kept it snug to yourselves till it amounted to one hundred and twelve pounds? - No, it was known to others in the house.
Q. What do you mean by this man's confession when you came into the parlour on Monday? - Mr. Borradaile said, do you choose to confess before Massey what you have said just now? He then said, yes; and he told the story.
Q. And not till then in your presence? - Not till then.
Q. When was you discharged? - On the 25th of March.
Q. Seven days after you had been before the alderman.


                  THOMAS
                   MASSEY
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Messrs. alderman Wright and Gill, and Co in Abchurch-lane. In October last my brother went into the service of Mr. Borradaile; Mr. Borradaile put him under his head clerk, soon after he lost the sum of fifteen pounds; after it was the sum of one hundred and twelve pounds he told me, and Mr. Borradaile insisted on my brother's making it up; I went to Mr. Borradaile on purpose that an investigation might be made; Mr. Borradaile wished to know what kind of an investigation; would wish to have made of the matter; I told him, and my brother went before Mr. Alderman Wright with Mr. Borradaile, but not as that gentleman has represented it, he was not lugged by a constable but Mr. Wright sat as an arbitrator, not as the justice, the matter was determined to Mr. Borradaile's satisfaction, and Mr. Borradaile said he had no farther to look to my brother. On the 6th of May my brother and I were sent for to Mr. Borradaile's, when the prisoner confessed that he had taken the whole of the money that Mr. Borradaile had lost out of his desk.
Mr. Knapp. Mr. Borradaile insisted on your brother making up the deficiency? - He did.

Q. Where was Mr. Alderman Wright when he heard the parties as arbitrator? - In his parlour at Abchurch-lane.
Q. Did you go into the room at Mr. Borradaile's the same time as your brother did on Monday? - We all were in together.
Q. Then you heard something that your brother has stated that the prisoner said; will you state the particular words that Mr. Borradaile said to him? - Now Roberts will you state before Massey what you told me? and then he said that he had taken all the money that my brother had lost from his desk.
Prisoner. On Saturday morning Mr. Borradaile asked me where I got the clothes? I said I got the money of Mr. Law; he said he missed a good deal of money; I told him I was very sorry he suspected me; he said he would give me one hour to confess it in. On Saturday evening he called me up again and told me that he had seen Mr. Tomlinson, and Mr. 
               
                  William
                   Borradaile
               



             said again that he had missed the money, and the best way would be to save him trouble, and me disgrace, to confess whether I had or no, and by that I should stand or fail, and he desired me to stop at home on Sunday; I went out thinking it was a liberty I had always took since I had been in the house. On Monday morning Mr. Borradaile came into the counting house about a quarter of an hour after, he then told me that if I would confess to the money being taken he would make up matters with captain Hodgson, and I should not hear any thing of it more.
Mr. Tomlinson and Captain 
               
                  Hodgson
               


             both gave the prisoner a good character.
GUILTY,




               Of stealing but not in the dwelling house
            . (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
