






366. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     JOHNSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of February
, a woollen blanket, value 7 s. a linen sheet, value 3 s. a feather bolster, value 5 s. 12 pounds weight of feathers, value 6 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jeremiah 
                           Cater
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  JEREMIAH
                   CATER
               



             sworn.
I let ready furnished rooms; the prisoner came to me on Monday the 31st of December last; the man asked me for a ready furnished room; I told him I had got one; he asked if he might see it? I told him I was very particular who I took in; I asked him what he was and where he came from? he said, I might have his character and he should not want the room till the day following, he agreed with me for the room at half a crown per week; he came on Monday night instead of the Tuesday and asked me for the key of the room for he had brought his wife out of the country and he had no lodging for his wife; I let him have the key; after I had let him have the key he brought in several articles, as wood, &c. when his wife came I objected taking her in; if that is your wife, say I to him, I believe her to be a bad woman; says he, she is my wife, I was married three months ago at Cripplegate Church; I did not like to take her in, says he, I have taken the room and possession is nine points of the law, you may enquire my character to-morrow; he paid me exceedingly well till the 27th of February; on the 27th of February I suspected the prisoner having taken something out of the room; I went into the room and found a sheet, blanket and bolster missing, that was in his care; I examined the bed, and found a great quantity of feathers out of it; the bolster that was left had been a very full bolster and almost all the feathers were gone.
Q. What became of the feathers? - They were entirely taken away; the prisoner I had got into custody, at the same timeI found his wife had left him; I asked him for the things; he said, I should have all the things presently; he gave me a duplicate of the sheet, and gave me a direction to his wife where she was; I went and fetched her to my wife; then afterwards we took her to the pawnbroker's where the things were, I found feathers, and have got them here.
Q. You say he brought in some articles, what were they? A little table I believe and some wood.


                  GEORGE
                   BENTON
               



             sworn.
I took in half a sheet of the prisoner, 
               
                  Sarah
                   Johnson
               



            , the 23d of February; she left it for something else, and I put it in the same name she brought the other in.


                  WILLIAM
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I have got half a sheet, I found it at Mr Cater's, it is the remainder of that that she pawned.
Cater. I cannot swear to that part of the sheet, I believe it to be mine, the mark is cut off.
Benton. I lent eight pence halfpenny on it, she left it for an iron I believe; here is also a blanket that I took in.
Prisoner Thomas Johnson. I took this room at the rate of half a crown a week, I paid them duly and truly; I owe him nothing; he went into this room when he liked, and these things that my pretended wife made away with, was unknown to me, but whatever she had made away with I was willing to replace it, to the utmost farthing, but I know nothing when they were pawned; I am innocent of it; I have no witnesses but God and you; it is the first time I was before a judge or jury, or justice in my life.
Thomas Johnson, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 49.)




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Sarah
                   Johnson
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
