






439. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HAINES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  JOSEPH
               




             were indicted the first for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Strachan
                        



                     
                  , widow
, the said Ann, and others of her family being therein, about the hour of twelve in the night, of the 24th of June

, and burglariously stealing a leather pocket-book, value 10d. a leather thread case, value 6d. three black silk handkerchiefs, value 10s. twenty-three yards of linen sheeting, value 46s. four diaper table cloths, value 40s. five linen towels, value 5s. eleven silver tea-spoons, value 20s. a silver salt-spoon, value 1s. 6d. a crape cloak, value 30s. a silk cloak, trimmed with lace, value 20s. five pair of silk stockings, value 50s. a muslin petticoat, value 40s. a muslin gown, value 10s. eighteen linen glass cloths, value 10s. two men's hats, value 30s. a pair of kerseymere breeches, value 10s. a pair of paste knee-buckles set in silver, value 20s. a mahogany knife case, value 10s. twelve forks, value 12s. an opera-glass, value 5s. a reading-glass, value 10s. a silver pencil-case, value 1s. 6d. a tortoishell toothpick-case, studded with gold, value 10s. a cornelian seal, set in gold, value 20s. a base-metal chain, value 12d. three iron keys, value 1s. 6d. a shagreen case of drawing instruments, value 40s. a metal tea-pot, value 2s. half an Irish lottery-ticket, value 4l. 9s. a box ganging-rule, value 4s. and twelve sticks of sealing-wax, value 6s. the property of the said 
                     
                        Ann
                         Strachan
                     



                  ; a silk cloak, value 7s. and three check aprons, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Grinstead
                  



               
            ; and Samuel Joseph for 


               receiving part of the same goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
ANN STRACHAN sworn. - I keep a house, in Craven-street



; I am a widow
; my house was broke open on the 24th of June; I went to bed about eleven o'clock, I did not see the house fastened.
RACHEL JONES sworn. - I was servant to Mrs. Strachan, but I had left her service; she had given me leave to put a barrow upon her premises; I am a laundress, and this was a barrow that my man wheeled the cloths home upon; I had the key to let in the barrow the back-way, I locked the door after me.
Q. What part of the house was broke open? - A. The back door, that I had locked between six and seven o'clock.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you sleep in the house that night? - A. No; I put the key of the door where I had it from, in the bureau; I was not there again till Monday, and then I heard the news.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. How late were you in the house that night? - A. I left the house immediately after I had locked the door.


                  JANE
                   GRINSTEAD
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mrs. Strachan; I saw the last witness lock the back door, there were three doors broke; I locked the stable door, and the inner door, I went to bed about eleven o'clock, and the doors were all fast then; I was the last person that went up stairs; I rose the next morning about seven o'clock; the writings out of my mistress's bureau were thrown about the parlour; I missed a large mahogany knife-case directly as I came down stairs, and then I called one of my fellow-servants, and we went down stairs together; when we went into thekitchen, there was every thing thrown about there just the same; there were four aprons of mine, and a black mode cloak, my mistress's tea cloths, and a large tea pot taken out of the kitchen.


                  Q. 
               


            What is the value of your cloak? - A. Seven or eight shillings.
Q. What is the value of your aprons? - A. Two shillings a-piece.


                  Q. 
               


            Are you sure they were in the house the night before? - A. Yes; I saw them the night before; there were three table-cloths of my mistress's, one small one, and two larger; a piece of sheeting not made up, a muslin petticoat, and three mode cloaks of my mistress's.


                  Q. 
               


            What was in the knife-case? - A. Eight or ten forks, I cannot say exactly how many.


                  Q. 
               


            What are they worth? - A. I do not know, there were eleven tea-spoons out of the kitchen.


                  Q. 
               


            Do you know the value of them? - A. I cannot tell.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Mrs. Strachan). Do you recollect what there was? - A. A leather pocket-hook, worth 7s. a thread case, three silk handkerchiefs, worth 5s twenty-three yards of linen sheeting, worth about 2l. 10s. four diaper table cloths, worth about a guinea and a half, linen towels about a dozen and a half, a silver salt spoon, five pair of silk stockings, worth about 5l. or not so much, a muslin petticoat, worth two guineas, a muslin gown, worth about half-a-guinea; and a great many other articles.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you ever find any of these articles again? - A. The gold seal was found upon the Jew, Joseph.


                  WILLIAM
                   BLAND
               



             sworn. - I apprehended John Brown, Berridge, and 
               
                  John
                   Haines
               



            ; Berridge has turned evidence; About a quarter before one in the morning of the 28th of June, by Islington, I found a crow, some picklock keys, a dark lanthorn, and some other things, upon Berridge, and the key which belonged to the cellar of Mrs. Strachan I did not find any thing upon Haines but a phosphorus bottle, and a small key and a knife.


                  THOMAS
                   CARPMEAL
               



             sworn. - I went to featch the house of Haines, on Wednesday, the 28th of June, I found five towels, a black silk cloak, a reading-glass, some sealing-wax, and a check apron,(produces them); the while I was searched him, Joseph came in, we stopped him and searched him, and in his pocket was a gold seal took it from him in my prefence. (Produces it).


                  Q. 
               


            Did you search the Jew's house afterwards? - A. No.
Mrs. Strachan. This is my seal, and the reading-glass is mine, the cloths have my own name upon them.
Carpmeal. I found in Haines's wife's pocket, this lottery ticket. (Produces it).
Mrs. Strachan. This is mine.


                  JOHN
                   MILLER
               



             sworn. - On the head of Berridge I found this hat, which I understood came out of the house (Produces it).
Mrs. Strachan. I do not know it, it is my servant's hat.


                  WILLIAM
                   SWANSEY
               



             sworn. Q. Look at that hat? - A. I cannot say whether it is my hat, it is the same number of the stamp, No. 39.
JOHN 
               
                  BROWN
                   BERRIDGE
               



             sworn. - Haynes and I had agreed to go to rob this house; about twelve o'clock, on Saturday night, we went; he said there was a back door from the stable, and he could get in; he came back, and said the bottom bolt was shut, and about two, I believe it was, we got in and shoved back the bolt, this was the outer door, there was another door within that that I could pull away with my hands; there was a window opposite the door that we could get in at, then there was a door into the kitchen which had only a bolt at the bottom, that we opened, and then there was no obstacle at all to going all through the house; we went into one of the rooms, and there was a chest of drawers, that was opened by Haines with bettics as they are called, pick-locks; out of that we got several things, breeches, and five pair of stockings, fealing was, and a lottery-ticket, No. 12,702; and there was something taken out of a ban-box, a cloak and a bonnet, I believe, but that we did not take, we went into the parlour, and took a knife-case, there were no knives in it, there were about a dozen forks; there was a gold seal and chain, a small toothpick-case, three table-cloths, two large and a small one, four black silk cloaks, two hats, ten tea spoons and a small salt-spoon, and a great many other articles; we carried them to the stable first, and from there to Haines's house, Haines went and fetched 
               
                  Joseph
               


             the Jew, he called him Horne Tooke, he bought part of the things. Haines went for him on the Sunday evening, but I was not there, he said he would go.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you ever see Joseph there afterwards? - A. Yes, when he bought the things; I believe it was on the Monday, or the Tuesday, I do not know which, about seven o'clock; he bought four cloaks and five pair of silk stockings, three tablecloths, a gold seal, two rulors, or gauging-sticks, a case of drawing instruments, a worked petticoat, and a new pair of breeches, Joseph asked where they were get; I said, first, in the country, and then I told him they were got not far from there he wanted to know what house it was taken from, but we did not tell him that.


                  Q. 
               


            Was any thing said about there not being stolen? - A. No; because he did not care whether they were or not; he asked where they were got; for got, in these language, is just the same as stolen; and asked him three guineas for them; and be offered twenty-five shillings; we told him he should not have them; before he went, he said he would give thirty-six shillings; Haines went and fetched him back, and said, he should have them for two guineas; and then he fetched the things away in his bag.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Carpmeal.) How came you not to search this man's house? - A. I did not know where he lived; I forgot to mention that I found, in Haines's house, this lady's chain upon Haynes's watch.(Produces it).
Mrs. Strachan. This is my chain, the watch is not mine.
Berridge. Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. How many times have you been tried yourself? - A. I never was in a Court of Justice in my life before.
Q. You have never been tried before, you are sure? - A. I am very certain of it.


                  Q. 
               


            How often have you been a witness in this sort of way before? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Never before.
Q. You were taken up with some things upon you belonging to Mrs. Strachan, a key? - A. Yes.
Q. You were charged with this robbery? - A. Yes.
Q. You turned upon Haines to save being hanged yourself? - A. I knew that if I did not turn upon Haines, the Jew would have turned upon me, and hung us both.
Q. Upon your oath, did not you sell all these things to Haines yourself? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            No.
Q. Were not you at Haines's house on Sunday morning? - A. Yes.
Q. Did not you take all these things to him in a coach on Sunday morning? - A. No; I never was in a coach for a month before.
Q. Did not Haines give you four guineas for for all these things? - A. No; I did not sell them to him at all, he gave me nine shillings as part of the spoons; and I had a guinea out of what he sold the things to the Jew for.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel.
The prisoner Haines called two witnesses who gave him a good character.
Haines, 

               GUILTY
            



               Death
            . (Aged 26.)
Joseph, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 37.)




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
