





162. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NICHOLSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13th of February
, a metal watch in a shagreen case, value 21s. a steel watch-chain, value 2s. a metal seal, value 12d. and a metal watch-key, value 2d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Adams
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   ADAMS
               



             sworn. - I keep the Bunch of Grapes, in Charlotte-street




: On Wednesday, the 13th of this month, I lost my watch out of my bedroom; the prisoner was quartered upon me; I slept in the one pair, and the prisoner slept in the third pair; I missed my watch about nine o'clock in the morning, and I had the prisoner taken up immediately; the constable and I went up stairs, and found the watch in his breeches, he pulled it out himself; the constable has the watch.
- HIGHLEY sworn. - I am a constable; I searched the prisoner; the watch was in his breeches, and while I was searching his other clothes, he pulled it out himself; the chain I found in one of his pockets, I have had them ever since; the seal and key, and part of the chain, I found between the sheets, wrapped up in a paper; the chain was broke; we could not get a word out of him.(Produces the property).
Adams. They are mine; I know the watch by the name and number, and the seal is a heart, with two darts.
Prisoner's defence. I was very much in liquor, and got into the wrong room, and seeing the watch hand up, I put it in my pocket.
The prisoner called his pay-serjeant, and another serjeant, who had known him two years and four months, and gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
