





43. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARDY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of November
, a pair of linen sheets, value 6 s.and a quarter of a pound weight of linen rags, in a linen bag, value 1 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Barnett
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   BARNETT
               



             sworn.
I am wife to 
               
                  William
                   Barnett
               



            ; I was sitting in my kitchen, about nine o'clock in the morning, the 17th of last month, the door was open; I had sent my daughter on an errand; the prisoner came in through a long garden into my parlour, immediately he went into a closet in the parlour, and took out these sheets, (the sheets produced) and put them into a leather bag, which was likewise in the closet; the publick house boy happening to come to the door for the pots; I went up stairs to give it him, and hearing a noise in the parlour, I immediately went in, and did not see any body; the stair case of the bed-chamber comes into the parlour, and looking up the stair case, there I saw the prisoner almost into my bed chamber; I screamed out immediately, and ran into the garden; my daughter coming back, and hearing me scream ran up stairs; as soon as we got into the garden, the prisoner came down the steps and told us, he was looking for a dyer; the neighbours came in and advised me to go back into the parlour, and see if I missed any thing; upon this I went into the parlour, and found these sheets packed up in this bag, which had before been in the closet, and they were found upon a trunk; my daughter secured the prisoner.


                  CHARLOTTE
                   BARNETT
               



             sworn.
These sheets I folded up and put into the cupboard, and about three minutes after, I went to the next door on an errand, and while I went there I heard Mamma scream out.


                  WILLIAM
                   WINDER
               



             sworn.
The prosecutor sent to my house for an officer, and I went immediately; I took them into the parlour, and they shewed me the things that he had robbed them off, wrapped up in a bag; he was standing inside the garden gate.
(The sheets deposed to by Mrs. Barnett.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was out of work, and I was informed that one Mr. 
               
                  Johnson
               


             a dyer, lived there; a young lad came out, and I asked him that question, and immediately the gentlewoman came up, and accused me of thieving.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 17.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
