





96. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WARING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Halford
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of six in the night of the 20th of December
, and burglariously stealing six yards of calico, value 5s.
             the property of the said Thomas.
THOMAS HALFORD sworn. - I am a haberdasher
, in the City-road


: On Wednesday, the 20th of December, between five and six in the evening, I was at dinner in the back parlour behind the shop, there was a candle on the shop counter, and one in the window; my son went into the shop, and holloaed out, thieves! I went after him, I saw the prisoner walking through the mud across to Cox's brewhouse, there was another man with him; I apprehended him, and brought him back; I left him in the custody of my wife and a neighbour, and went after the other man, and he dropped the calico; when I charged the prisoner with it, he denied it.


                  THOMAS
                   HALFORD
               



            , junior, called. - Q. How old are you? - A.Thirteen.
Q. Do you know what will become of wicked men, who do not speak the truth, after they are dead? - A. Yes; they go to Hell. (He is sworn). I went into the shop, and saw a man's hand come through the glass, I did not hear the glass break; I saw it whole about ten minutes before, I am sure it was not broke then, because there were some flannels in the window that I had moved further from the glass; I holloaed out, thieves! and ran out at the door, I saw Waring and another man standing close to the window, my coat brushed his as I was running out at the door; Waring run as far as Tabernacle-row, about ten yards, and then he and his companion made a full stop; Waring run into the road, and I after him; my father then came out, and I said, that is one of the men, and I would pursue the other; my father got Waring by the collar; I then saw his companion standing in the middle of the road; I went up to him, and he said, my boy, I will shew you where the people are gone; he said, they were gone down the road; I said, no, they went up the road; I came with him just by our door, then he tried to run away, and I caught him by the collar; he made a blow at me, I slipped on one side, and he threw the piece of calico away; I picked it up.
Q.Were there any body standing near besides those two men? - A. No.
Q. Is it a much frequented street? - A. No, not at that time in the evening.
Q. Was it dark or light at that time? - A. It was rather dark.
Q. Do you think it was so light, that if there had been no lamps, you could have discovered the features of a man's face? - A. Yes. The other man then got away. (Produces the calico).
Prosecutor. It has my private mark upon it, it is my property.
JOHN WRAY sworn. - I am one of the officers belonging to Worship-street: I was sent for to apprehend the prisoner; I examined his hand, and the back of his right hand was bloody.
Prisoner's defence. I am a drover
; I work in Smithfield: My master, Mr. Blackitt, had lost a sheep, it was supposed to have gone to Whitechapel in a drove; and I went into Old-street, in my way back, to get a pair of shoes; and in the City-road, I heard a cry of stop thief; I was picking my way across the road when I was taken.




               GUILTY of stealing the goods, but not of the burglary
            . (Aged 18).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
