





670. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ABBOT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault on the king's highway, on the 16th of July
, on 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Wergin
                        




                     
                  , and putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, a silver watch, value 40 s. a watch chain, value 12 d. two cornelian stone seals, value 10 s. and a leather pocket book covered with needle-work, value 12 d. his property
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   WERGIN
               



             sworn.
I am a native of Jamaica: I lodge in Basinghall-street. On the 16th of July, I was coming through St. James's Park


, I believe, on Friday, about one o'clock at noon: I saw some men looking at Hyde-park-corner, and heard the king was coming to the levee; I went, and some men told me they would shew me where to stand to see the king go in; I know not the name of the gate, having not been in this country for six and twenty years before; the prisoner was among them that offered to shew me where to stand; I went a little further to the right hand, as I did not choose to stand in the midst of the mob; the king immediately came up; and I was squeezed very close; they pressed on me very hard, saying to me, there he is, there he is, when the king was getting out of his coach, so that I was in a very disagreeable situation; I am sure the prisoner was one; as soon as the king went in, the mob began to disperse; as soon as I had liberty to search, I felt for my watch, and found it was gone; I did not feel it when it went; I was squeezed too close for that; I saw some men going off; I immediately said I have lost my watch; I and Mr. Macmanus, who was near, went after the people; and I picked out the prisoner from among the rest, and charged him with having the watch and the pocket-book; he flatly denied it; I lost my handkerchief besides; I have had the watch this twenty-seven years; I told him I was certain I had seen him; he was searched in the park, and nothing was found upon him.
How soon did you pick him out? - When I got up to him, they had got as far as the middle walk of the mall; after he was searched, he was carried to Bow-street in a coach; there he was examined for a long time; and at last I saw the watch produced, but did not see it pulled out of his pocket; the watch was handed to me by Sir Sampson Wright, and I gave it back again into his hand.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. You have been used to see the king go to the levee in this country before? - Yes, I have.
Then, perhaps, you have known that you have seen as great a crowd before? - Yes, I have.
You had no opportunity of discovering any persons faces, but in the midst of that crowd? - I believe I recollect that man before.
The crowd that happened to you was no more than is common? - Yes, it was done in rather a different manner than common crowds are.
Was you present when Macmanus searched the prisoner in the park? - Yes, I was; the prisoner never went out of my sight.
Even at Bow-street, there was nothing found on him but your watch? - No.


                  JOHN
                   FURNOW
               



             sworn.
I am the St. James's Park constable. On Friday, the 16th of July, the prisonerat the bar was brought to me by Mr. Macmanus; to take to Bow-street; where, after a little examination, I searched him, and found the watch in his left-hand waistcoat pocket, and it hath been in my care ever since; that is it; I took it from him at Bow-street, and gave it into Sir Sampson Wright's hand; and Sir Sampson returned it to me.
Mr. Knapp. There was a great crowd that day? - No, there was not much crowd, indeed not so many as usual, on that day; I suppose there might be about 100, and sometimes there are 5 or 600.


                  JOSEPH
                   NIBLOW
               



             sworn.
- I am a broker; I was in the Park, attending at the King's levee, when this matter happened: there was a piece of work, and I ran to see what was the matter; and the prosecutor said he was robbed of his pocket-book and watch: Mr. Macmanus had the prisoner in custody; we found nothings on him then; Mr. Macmanus delivered him into our custody, and we took him to Bow-street: he had an hearing; and Sir Sampson desired we would examine him more minutely; which we did; and, in searching of him, we found the watch in his left-hand pocket.
Mr. Knapp. What time was this? - Between two and three.
How long was it after the robbery was committed that you had him in custody? - About five minutes.
You searched him before, and you found nothing? - Yes.
You never thought of examining the pocket before? - Yes, we had done it before, but it was not there then.


                  JOHN
                   MACMANUS
               



             sworn.
On the 16th of July, between twelve and one, just as the King was getting out of the coach, and going in to the levee, there was a great noise behind where I stood; I looked about, and saw the prosecutor and another man standing; and he said, that is the man there that robbed me: I and the prosecutor followed him, and he rather stood still; I took him and searched him, and found a watch in his fob, which the prosecutor said was none of his; I said to the prosecutor, be careful what you are about, this man having nothing about him as I could see; but he was still suspicious, and we put him in a coach in Pall-Mall; I was obliged to stay at St. James's, so did not go to the office.
The watch was produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor, as also the seals.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
On Monday, the 16th of July, I got up in the morning about six, and went to my business till about twelve; I had an occasion to go out to Pimlico, to a person who was doing some work for me, to ask him if the work was done; it was not; I stopped with him about a quarter of an hour, and made the best of my way to Mr. Ashton's, the Prince of Wales's carver; I heard a cry that the King was coming; by the time I came up, the King had turned round the corner; I made the best of my way back: as to Mr. Macmanus, he searched me from top to toe: it is the first thing ever laid to my charge; and I bear a very good character:
The prisoner called eight witnesses, who gave him a very good character.




               GUILTY of stealing the goods, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
