





487. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 30th of May
, three linen sheets, value 16 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cook
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   COOK
               



             sworn.
My husband's name is 
               
                  John
                   Cook
               



            ; he is a housekeeper, No. 32, Shoe-lane


;last Thursday I had a woman to wash for me, and these three sheets were hanging out on the line, they hung in the yard at the back of my house, I have a little piece of ground there; I saw them there not half an hour before they were taken off the lines; I had my mother to tea with me, and was cutting some bread and butter, my mother pulled some clothes on one side that hung up in the room, and she said, Nancy did not you leave some sheets in the yard? I ran backwards directly, and when I came into the yard, the prisoner stood in the yard, on a plank which supports the wall from falling, it is an old wall, he stood with the sheets in his arms, I don't know rightly the length of ground he might be distant from my house; my yard is very small; I ran to him, and pulled the sheets from him, and he jumped over the wall, and I screamed stop thief! I immediately ran back screaming all the way I went; this gentleman that is here pursued him, and took him on a vacant piece of ground at the back of the yard.
Q. Are you sure that is the same man that you took the sheets from? - I am very sure, and I am very sorry about it; he had a hat on then, and the same jacket he had on that he has on now; the sheets are here, the constable has them; I gave them to him the next day, one is my own, and the pair was a person's up stairs, that I am paid for washing of them, I am answerable for the sheets, there were three linen sheets in all; my own was marked, I. A. C. No. 2. I am confident of the others they are the same sheets, because I pulled them from his hands before he was out of the yard; had they been out of my sight I could not have been so positive.


                  SAMUEL
                   SUTTON
               



             sworn.
I heard Mrs. Sutton make a great noise by the stairs, and I ran down stairs, and when I came down she told me the boy got over the wall into a vacant piece of ground, I pursued him, and I found him concealed in a hole underneath a carpenter's bench, I took him, and the lady knew him directly.


                  JOHN
                   JONES
               




Q. Was you ever sworn before? - No.
Q. What will become of you if you tell a story? - Go to the naughty man.
Sworn.
I know the boy at the bar; I see him on the top of George-alley; I did not see him steal the sheets; he said if I told where he hid himself, he would murder me; he was on the top of the hill; I did not follow him; he went down the hill, and crept under a carpenter's bench, and that gentleman that is here was on the top of the hill, and he said, did you see any boy here? Yes, says I, he is under the bench.


                  JOHN
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. I produce three sheets, and I had the prisoner delivered to me in charge. (The sheets deposed to.)
Prisoner. It was about the middle of the day, and I was coming by that way, and I had occasion to stop; I was there hardly five minutes before I heard the cry of stop thief, and the gentleman came and took hold of me, and said that I stole a sheet; as to the little boy, I don't know that I ever saw him in my life.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 14.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
