





681. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FISHER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th day of July
 last, a leather pocket-book, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William Charles 
                     Drummond
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   CHARLES DRUMMOND
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor
; I went to the Golden Lion


, a publick-house, for a pint of porter; I sat down, and was a littledrowsy; I had not been up all night; the landlord came and asked me if I had lost any thing, and I felt, and missed my pocket-book: my watch and money were safe; I do not know whether the prisoner was in the house or not; the prisoner came in a few minutes afterwards, and the landlord accused him with it; he denied it, and the landlord told him the name of the person that saw him take it; and that person immediately said, he saw him; the prisoner immediately after struck that person over the head with his stick; I have no recollection of the prisoner being in the room.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. This was about four o'clock in the morning? - I do not know; it was early in the morning; I cannot tell the hour; I rather think it was six.
I think you told my Lord you had not been up all night? - Very well.
Yes, but is that very well; had you been up all night or not? do I speak loud enough? - I was not up all night.
You take a long while to recollect it? - Why, I cannot talk so well as you can.
Had you really not been up all night? - I had not been up all night.
Where had you been in bed? - Where I should be in bed; where should any man be?
You ought to be in bed with your wife, if you had one; had you been in bed there? - No, I had not.
Cannot you help us to a little kind of random guess what time you went into the publick-house? - No, I cannot.
How long had you been up? - I do not know.
Where had you been before you went there? - I can partly guess; but I cannot say.
Try; guess, guess? - Why, I had been walking, taking a walk.
How many hours might you have been walking, taking a walk? - I cannot tell.
How long think you? - I do not know.
Cannot you help us to a guess about that? - No, I cannot.

Not within an hour or two? - No, I cannot.
What time had you gone to bed the night before? - Why, pretty early, to be sure. sure.
What time does that mean? - Why, may be, eight o'clock.
At what time did you get up? - Why, I very often get up in the summer time, to a walk, at one o'clock in the morning.
So you walked about for some handful of hours, and then you found your way into the Golden Lion? Did you know the young woman that sat along-side of you at the Golden Lion? - No, I did not.
Where might you pick her up? - I did not pick her up.
You never saw her before? - I do not know any think at all about a young woman.
Upon your oath, was not you mortally drunk? - Mortally drunk! I do not know what sort of drunkenness this is.
It is that sort of drunkenness, that, except you a witness, you have the good luck to be in from the first of January to the 31st of December.
What! to be drunk all the year round!
You was drunk, was not you? - Why, I might not be so sober as I have been sometimes.
How long was the young woman sitting, now, side by side with you? - I know nothing at all about the young woman, less nor more.
What was this pocket-book worth? - Two shillings.
Your watch was safe, and your money? - Yes.
Nothing in your pocket? - A book, no bank-note.


                  JOHN
                   JARVIS
               



             sworn.
I am a drover; I was at this publick-house when Drummond was there; I went in about five; I saw the prisoner take Mr. Drummond's book out of his pocket; I am sure he is the man; the prisoner is a drover; Drummond was asleep; nobody was near him but me; my master, 
               
                  John
                   Douglas
               



            , was in the room, but he did not not see it; there was no woman in the room; I told my master, and my master told the landlord; he was at the bar; the landlord came in, and sent for the prisoner, for the prisoner went out directly as he took it, from Drummond's left inside coat pocket; the prisoner said the girl and he had pawned it for two six-pennyworths; the prisoner struck me over the head with a stick, for telling the truth.
Mr. Garrow. He struck you for telling he stole it? - Yes.
He gave you a topper? - Yes.
Why, there was no woman in the room, was there? - No, not to the best of my knowledge, there was no woman at all.
That you are sure of? - Yes, nobody else.
That you are sure of? - I believe so.
You are very sure there was not a young woman sitting along-side the gentleman? - I am very sure of it.
Now, did not this man say that the woman had given him the pocket-book, and that he had left it for her, at the wine-vaults, in Long-lane? - What wine-vaults? he said he left it for two six-penny-worths; there was no other person there besides.
Did the prisoner say any thing to your master when he was stealing the book? - No.
Nor to you? - No.
Did you never say there was another person in the room, at the time he stole it? - I do not know that I did.
Then you never said that you heard him speak to another person about it, at the time he was stealing it? - No.
You cannot write, can you? - No.
You are a marks-man, mayhap? Do you know your own mark, when you see it; is this your mark? - Which of them?
Why the W? - No.
You swear that positively; did you make that? - No, I do not know I did.
Will you swear you did? - No, I will not.
Make your mark, my man? - What mark would you have me make?
The mark you usually make.
(Makes a mark.)

Now, my honest friend, was you ever examined at Guildhall, about this? - I believe I was.
Was not you examined before Mr. Alderman Wright? - Yes, I was.
Before him you told the whole truth? - As far as I knew.
It was taken down in writing? - Yes.
And you made your mark to it? - I did.
To Prosecutor. Did you see him make his mark to this? - Upon my word, I do not know; I do not remember, indeed.
Now I will read to you what you swore before the Alderman:
"That the prisoner, 
               
                  William
                   Fisher
               



            , now under examination, took the said book out of the said pocket of the other informant, and put it in his apren: and also heard him ask another person to stand before him, while he committed the said theft, of which circumstance he informed the said landlord:" now, upon your oath, did you swear so before the Alderman? - I did say it.
How came you, not a minute ago, to tell me there was no other person in the room, but your master, the landlord and you, and the sleeping man; who was this fifth person that the prisoner desired him to stand before him, while he committed the theft; was there any body else there? - Yes, there was.
Then, what made you tell me just now, that there was nobody else? then that is not true? - It was not true.
Did he desire somebody else to stand before him, while he picked the man's pocket? - You go too fast for me.
Who did he desire to stand before him, while he picked the man's pocket? - One 
               
                  Charles
                   Chapman
               



            .
Then Charles Chapman was in the room, was he? - Yes.
How came it you did not tell me 
               
                  Charles
                   Chapman
               



             was there before? - I did not recollect it.
Did not you know 
               
                  Charles
                   Chapman
               



             before? - Yes.
Did you know his name before? - Yes.
Why did not you tell the Alderman his name? - You will talk me to sleep, if you talk much more.
Did you know Mr. Drummond before? - No.
Was he drunk or sober? - I cannot tell that; I was about my work.
How long have you known the prisoner? - I cannot tell that.
How long has he been a drover in the market? - I cannot tell; before I was born.
You never heard any harm of him? - I never heard any good.
You do not think much good of him: - No; I do not think much good of you, neither.


                  ROBERT
                   BELL
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; on the 19th of July I apprehended the prisoner in the middle of Smithfield; the prisoner told me he would tell me where the pocket-book was; I said nothing to him to induce him: he said it was at the Barley-mow, in Long-lane, and he would go with me; he went there, and demanded the pocket book, and said he had left it for two six-penny-worths the night before; the landlord took it from the till and gave it me; I asked the prisoner if it was the pocket-book; he said it was.
Mr. Garrow. Was you present when Jarvis was examined? - Yes.
You saw him swear to the examination? - Yes: I never saw Drummond before in my life: the prisoner said, that a woman and him had left it at the bar of the Barley-mow.
He denied he had taken it? - Yes, he denied he had taken it from Drummond.


                  STEPHEN
                   STEPHENS
               



             sworn.
My father keeps the Barley-mow, Long-lane: on Monday, 19th of July, between six and seven in the morning, the prisoner brought a pocket-book, and asked me to let him leave it an hour or two, for fear he should lose it in Smithfield: I put it in a drawer: in three minutes after the officer brought him in: Cartwright, the witness, was with me at the time.



                  STEPHEN
                   CARTWRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am a hair-dresser: I was with Stephens: (deposed to the same effect:) he had some gin, and paid for it: in a minute Bell brought in the prisoner, and he came in and said let me have the pocket-book that I left over night for two six-pennyworths, with a girl: says Stephens, you did not leave it last night, you left it just now: is this the pocket-book? yes, says he: Bell took the prisoner away.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
The pocket-book produced, and deposed to by the contents; there were several bills and receipts, and bills of parcel in it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
