





274. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CARTLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 13thof February
, in the parish of St. Andrew by the Wardrobe, two bushels and a half of coals, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               


                           John 
                           Eddington
                        



                      and Son






            .


                  JOHN
                   EDDINGTON
               



            , junior, sworn.
I am in partnership with my father, in the coal trade. On the 13th of this month I had to deliver a barge with coals, at Puddle-dock


; it is a place where our barges are often robbed; I ordered a faithful servant to attend that craft.
- SMITH sworn.
I am an apprentice to these gentlemen. Being ordered by my master to attend at Puddle-dock, as we had been robbed the preceding evening, I attended, and saw the prisoner at the bar, and another person, who made his escape, at work in the craft; I heard a noise of coals rattling as though it was into a sack; I then came to the top of the dock, and told the witness Mawn, that there was no time to be lost, as I was afraid they would get away; I accordingly got into the barge, along-side that in which the coals were in, and followed another one, who made his escape, at that time in the craft where the coals where; I followed the prisoner, and knocked the person who made his escape down; the prisoner then knocked me down; the witness Mawn then came up, as soon as they saw him they let me go, and threw me over the barge's stretch-piece, into the barges room, where was some loom; I then laid hold of the prisoner at the bar, and delivered him to the witness, Mawn, and told him to take care of him while I looked after the other one; he then got away from me, and jumped over-board, as the other had done before, and I jumped after him; he then ran about thirty yards, and I after him; Mr. Raban's watchman fired a blunderbuss; he said, do not come near me if you do I will murder you: he would not be taken; he would kill or be killed first; and after that we secured him; I saw the prisoner filling the bag himself; I could discover him more plainly, because he had a white jacket on; I immediately found the bag, with some coals in it; the bag was not one of our's; I never lost sight of him all the time, except about a minute, while he turned the corner, besides he was perfectly known to me before.


                  JOHN
                   MAWN
               



             sworn.
I am a lighterman. I heard Mr. Eddington's servant say he was going to look after some coals; I followed him; and when we came to the top of the dock, Smith told me there was no time to be lost, as they were at work, and that he would immediately go into the barge; when he got into the barge I saw a scuffle, and heard him call for help, as he was knocked down; I immediately went to him; and saw one make his escape, and the prisoner and Smith rolling together, and he delivered the prisoner to me; and said, I will look for the other; and the prisoner got from me, by giving my thumb a screw, and jumped into the mud, Smith jumped in after him; and he was taken immediately.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of the coals at all.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
