






274. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NAPPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of March

, eleven hair brooms, value 11s. a hand brush, value 4d. three wooden bowls, value 3s. four pair of bellows, value 4s. a lawn sieve, value 4d. a wooden corn measure, value 4d. a clothes brush, value 4d. a wooden chair, value 4d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Hodges
                  



               
            , and, 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GUMMELL
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JEREMIAH
                   HODGES
               



             sworn.
I am a turner and patten-maker
. I lost things various times, the last that I know of was on the 6th of March; the prisoner Napper is my apprentice
, some time previous to the 6th of March, a neighbour of mine told me that he had seen such practices carried on.
PLANT sworn.
I am a plumber.
Q. Did you ever know Mr. Hodges was robbed? - On the 6th of March I see the prisoner Gummell receive the goods of 
               
                  John
                   Napper
               



            .
Q. Do you know what the goods were? -  A mop, a brush, and a long hair broom.
Q. Have you mentioned all that he gave? - Yes.
Q. Where did it pass? - At Mr. Hodges's house, at the door of the shop.
Q. Was you near enough to bear any conversation? - No, I was on the opposite side of the way.
Q. Do you live on the opposite side of the way? - Yes
Q. Did you at any other morning, or at any other time see him give him any property? - No, I followed the prisoner to his own house that morning, 
               
                  John
                   Gummell
               



            , the receiver.
Q. Where did Gummell live? - He lived at No. 24, Gray's-inn lane.
Q. Has he any shop there? - He sells childrens toys, and various things, mops and brushes
.
Q. What else passed? did you know him before this? - No, I never see him before.
Q. Have you ever seen the things since? - Only at the office at Bow-street, and just now.
Q. Should you know the things again? - No, I should not.
Mr. Wentworth. I am for Napper. You know Napper to be Hodges's apprentice? - I know by report, I never see the articles.
Q. You live opposite, perhaps you have seen the prisoner for these last four years opposite? - No, I have not, I have seen him there for about six months.
Q. And perhaps for about six months you have seen him come out of the shop and deliver goods to customers? - No, I never see him but once.
Mr. Knowlys. I am for Gummell. Mr. Hodges is very little employed in his own business? - I cannot tell that.
Q. Did you see any body else acting in the shop? - Not then, it was in the morning, when he was opening of the shop.
Q. There is no other person acting in the shop for the master, but this boy? - I don't know that.

Q. When you followed this man Gummell home, you found he was a man dealing in these sort of articles? - When I went to the shop, I saw various articles.
Q. Among various articles there were articles of this kind? - Yes.
Q. And there they were open for sale? - They were.
Q. You say you should not know these things again if you was to see them? -  I should not.
Court. When was it you first gave information of this to the prosecutor? - The same morning, immediately after I saw it, about nine o'clock.


                  WILLIAM
                   HARDING
               



             sworn.
I am a hair-dresser and perfumer; I cannot say that I know any thing of the loss; I saw this man frequently come of a morning, and I thought he was of a suspicious character. I mean the old man at the bar, Gummell; he used to come sauntering about the street of a morning. I live about three or four doors from Mr. Hodges, on the same side of the way; I told Mr. Hodges of it.
Mr. Knowlys. Don't you know that this man is a porter, and has frequent jobs that way? - I do not.
Mr. Wentworth. Do you know Napper? - Yes.
Q. Was you intimate with the family? do you know that he was intrusted with the shop? - I do not, I believe he was an apprentice; I only just as a neighbour gave the information to Mr. Hodges.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. On Thursday the 5th of March, I took the prisoners, Napper and Gummell, into custody, and having a search warrant, I went and searched Gummell's house, with Mr. Hodges, No. 24, Gray's inn-lane, and found that property that Mr. Hodges said was his, that is all I know. I took eleven brooms, four pair of bellows, three wooden bowls, a sieve, a wooden measure, a clothes brush and a band brush, and a wooden chair that was put outside of the door for sale; one of the wooden bowls was found in the back kitchen, which Mr. Hodges can swear positively to, the other things were found about the shop, and in the window, I think some of the brooms were found below stairs, I think one or two were fetched up.
Mr. Knowlys. You found these things disposed just as you would in any trades, man's shop? - Just as I told you.
Q. This man keeps a shop of this sort, and buys and sells old clothes, and china? - Yes, and all sort of things.
Q. One of these wooden bowls were found in the back kitchen? - It was.
Q. I fancy when you took Hodges first to Gummell's house, Hodges was not able to identify any thing? - He believed them to be his, but I was in a doubt whether I had a right to take them or no; then we took Gummell into custody, and I told Hodges we had better go to the magistrate, and have his advice, and then afterwards we went back and found a wooden bowl on the second search, and then he said he had not the least doubt about the things being his.
Q. Gummell himself acted as a porter I believe? - I don't know, I have known them some years, but I did not know that he kept such a shop as that before.
Court to Hodges. Napper was your apprentice? - He was.
Q. Did you give him the whole care of your business, or give him authority to do any business without your knowledge? - By no means.
Q. He acted as your apprentice? - As that only.

Q. Did he at any time put any of these goods that were lost to any account? - No, never.
Q. Did he ever sell goods when you was out of the way? - He did, and if any thing was had away on credit, he set it down on a slate, and when I came home I booked it.
Q. Was you very much at home yourself? - I was.
Q. With regard to these goods that have been produced by the constable, look at them? - I can positively swear to this bowl, having once sold it, and being returned; this broom I can swear to, having a remarkable large knot in the wood; I know this hair broom by a creese which the hook has made, in putting it out at the door. A mark is cut out, or scraped out of all the goods. The bellows I know to be mine; the maker's mark and my mark is cut out.
Q. Then the marks that are cut out, were all marked by you? - They were.
Q. Then you swear to the whole of this property produced? -  To the best of my belief I can swear to every article.
Q. It appears by the evidence, that you had some intimation of this; how soon did you charge Napper with the offence? - In an hour after.
Q. Was any thing put on the slate in the course of that hour? - Nothing, I particularly asked him if he had taken any money? Not a halfpenny he said.
 Mr. Knowlys. I take it for granted that you was always as sure of the property as you are now? - I had not a doubt of it at the first moment, only the marks being erased, I thought fit to ask the magistrate whether I should bring them.
Q. Then you never said to any body, that you could not swear to them? - I never said so.
Q. Did not you say that you was sorry that you had gone so far, because you could not swear to them? - Never.
Q. I believe you generally sit up late? - That is irreverent to the subject, and I am not bound to answer all your questions.
Mr. Wentworth. How long has Napper been your apprentice? - Six years.
Q. You have trusted him occasionally in the shop? - I have.
Q. How much has he took in a day? - Five or six shillings.
Q. Not a guinea? - He might.
Q. Two guineas? - No, never.
Prisoner Napper. I was intrusted in the shop, and I always accounted to my master for what I took. My master has often returned from drinking, and taken the money, and then gone to the public house again.
Prisoner Gummell. I wish the jury to consider this gentleman's propriety in swearing to the things; when he first came to my house, he could not swear to any thing, he went to Bow-street without taking a single thing with him; as to his swearing to the things having the marks scratched out, they are things that I have bought at different sales, and if they were marked with twenty marks, I should scratch them out, to put my own mark on. This gentleman has been employed in the lottery line, taking insurances.


                  WILLIAM
                   WAITE
               



             sworn.
I am a journeyman to the prosecutor, Mr. Hodges.
Q. Are you his journeyman now? - Yes.
Q. You know the apprentice, Napper, the prisoner? - Yes, I know him very well.
Q. Do you know him to have the care of the goods, and occasionally entrusted to sell? - I do.

Q. Do you know any thing of the bowl, in which the money was put? - Yes, further I have known him to have the care of that shop ten hours out of twelve for several days together; I have known him in the course of two or three hours to take gold.
Q. Is it not possible that he might have taken three or four guineas a day, and don't you believe that he seldom took less than a guinea? You never considered Mr. Hodges as very attentive to his shop? - No, it was left there to the lad.
Mr. Knowlys. Has Mr. Hodges said any thing respecting the property since the prisoner has been in custody? -  He has said that he has not lost the things that he supposed he might, and that he was very sorry for what he had done, and that he was persuaded to do it by his neighbours.
Q. Has he said that once or more than once? - I heard him mention it once, but to the best of my knowledge, no more than once.
Court. How long have you been his journeyman? - Ever since November.
Q. You have assisted in the shop sometimes? - I have, and have till within these two or three days.
The prisoner Napper called seven witnesses, and Gummell ten, who gave them good characters.
Court to Hodges. You have heard what your journeyman has said, is it true? - On my oath I never said such a thing, in my life, to my knowledge.
John Napper, 

               GUILTY. (Aged 18.) 



                     Judgment respited
                  
.


                  John
                   Gummell
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 49.) 


               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
