





450. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BENTLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of July
, two cotton gowns, value 5s. a cloth cloak, value 5s. a check linen apron, value 6d. a muslin check handkerchief, value 6d. and a shawl handkerchief, value 1s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taylor
                  




               
            .


                  JANE
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you the wife of 
               
                  John
                   Taylor
               



            ? - Yes.
Q. Where do you keep house? - At Highgate


.
Q. Was the prisoner a servant of your's, or a stranger? - I took her in and educated her, and brought her up; on Monday morning, the 27th of July, I went to fetch a little water, I left that girl in the house the while, and when I came back she was absent, and I was robbed; it was about eight o'clock in the morning. I missed all the things immediately as I came home, from one box.
Q. Was that box locked? - Yes.

Q. Was that box broke open? - Yes. I see the things again at Marlborough-street, the Wednesday following; my husband see them the same evening.


                  JAMES
                   ALDENS
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker. On the 27th of July, near twelve o'clock, the prisoner at the bar came to my shop, she brought the gown to pledge, I stopped her with the gown, and I took from her the things that are produced; she told me she came out of the country, and had no friends; I took her to Marlborough-street.
Q. Did you deliver there the things that you took on her? - Yes; she had a box with her, and a great many things in it; I stopped her and the box, and sent for an officer, I found that the gown was not her size; I told her she had better go to her friends in the country, and I should stop her till I found who they were.


                  JAMES
                   KENNEDY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street office; I produce a scarlet cloak, two cotton gowns, a check linen apron, a muslin neck handkerchief, and a shawl handkerchief, one of the gowns I took from the prisoner's back, and the scarlet cloak; the other gown was with the bundle; the white handkerchief was about her, the shawl was in the bundle.
Q. You have kept them till now? - Yes; I took them from the prisoner at the bar at the office; Mr. Alden's, the pawnbroker, brought her to the office, and we enquired who she was, and she would not give any account; however I went to Highgate and found out her master.(The things deposed to.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
