





279. 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     BULKLEY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th day of April
, sixteen yards of thread lace value 6 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Tennant
                  



               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   LEWIS
               



             sworn.
Mr. Tennant is a linen-draper
 and haberdasher
; I am shopwoman; this happened on Friday the 13th of April about 4 o'clock; the prisoner came into the shop and requested to look at some lace; I shewed her some thread lace; I suspected her, and gave information to a servant of my suspicions, and refused to shew her any more: the servant followed her out, and in bringing her back she dropped a piece of lace from under her cloak, and I saw her drop it; the value of it is 6 s. I know it is Mr. Tennant's; I marked it myself; I had sold some of it; I missed it at the time; I have not the least doubt of the lace.


                  HENRY
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
I followed the prisoner out; I did not see her drop any thing; I picked it up, it was between the woman and myself; I shewed it to Miss Lewis, and Miss Lewis said that was it.


                  Elizabeth
                   Lewis
               



            . It is marked G I.


                  CHARLES
                   PENNY
               



             sworn.
(Produces the lace) I received it from 
               
                  Henry
                   Thomas
               



            , I have kept it ever since.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was driving a barrowful of fruit that cost me 25 s. in a new barrow that cost me 11 s. 1 d. I met with another market woman, and she said she wanted a yard of lace; she had bought some before, and the child had put a candle behind her back and burnt it: I know and she knows I did not want lace; I wanted more a pair of shoes and smock to my back.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


