





567. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BATTERSBY
                  



               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of October
, a base metal watch gilt with gold, value 2l. 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   JONES
               



             sworn. - I am a silversmith and pawnbroker
, in Fleet-street


: On Monday last, the prisoner came into my shop between four and five o'clock, and desired me to shew her some watches, I shewed her some; she wished to look at one in the window, in a green case, I shewed it to her; after seeing that, that did not please her, she wished to look at a thin one, because they were more fashionable than the others; then, after seeing that, she wanted to look at some wedding rings, I shewed her one, which she put upon her finger, and which was rather too tight for her, I assisted her in taking it off; in the mean while, with the other hand, I saw her drop her cloak over the watches, my suspicion was well grounded, she conveyed one of the watches under her cloak, which I suppose she put in her pocket; I immediately laid hold of her by the shoulder, and asked her where she was going with that watch; I searched her, and took it out of her hand; Mr. Smith laid hold of her, and took it out of her hand.


                  John
                   Younghusband
               



             produced the watch.
Jones. This is the watch I had shewn her, it has my private mark upon it.
Prisoner's defence. I did not do it from any bad principle, but from distress.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 39s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
