






463. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RATT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, one hundred and eight pounds weight of lead, value 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Pole
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a certain building of his, against the statute
            .


                  JOHN
                   CURRAN
               



             sworn.
On the 19th of May I went to the building of 
               
                  Samuel
                   Pole
               



            , Esq. at South-gate


; there was thirty-four feet of leaden pipe taken from the house; it was fixed the night before, when we left the building: I suspected a person; not the prisoner: in the evening six of us went out, and planted ourselves, and about one in the morning 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Jefferys
               



             and me took the prisoner about a mile from the house, with the lead on his shoulder; the lead was tried, and it fitted the place where it was taken from, we brought the prisoner with us; he said, he found the lead in the wood; there was another man with the prisoner; he got away: the prisoner did not try to get away; the prisoner was taken before a magistrate and committed to Bridewell.
Prisoner. Did you ever see the man before? - No; not till that night.


                  JOSEPH
                   COTTINGHAM
               



             sworn.
I am the plumber that was employed; I have seen the lead; I have reason to think it is the same; I cannot swear positively that it is the same.


                  BENJAMIN
                   JEFFERIES
               



             sworn.
I was in company with the first witness: going along Palmer's-green the 21st of May; the prisoner and another man came up, I turned round, and went and asked him what he had in the basket; one said he was going to Edmonton: he directly threw the lead on the ground and I secured him; the last witness and the other had a scuffle together for two hundred yards, and at length he got the better of him; I gave him charge of the prisoner, and took the lead to the Fox.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found the lead.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
