





440. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     BEETLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of April
 last, eight shirts, value 2 l. five pair of silk stockings, value 10 s. three pair of nankeen breeches, value 20 s. three child's shirts, value 3 s. the property of Sir 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Pennyman
                        



                     
                  , Baronet
, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Clarke
                     



.
Sir 
               
                  JAMES
                   PENNYMAN
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was a servant
 of mine; he ran away; and upon his going, I got a search warrant, and searched his lodgings: I went to a pawn-brokers', and found the things in the indictment, and a great many more; I missed them; I never saw the prisoner till he was taken up, some time afterwards; he had lived formerly in my service, and had behaved very well; and I took him again.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. Sir James, how long had the prisoner lived with you? - About eight months.
Had he any family? - A wife and three children.
Were they in very good circumstances? - He had been cut of place, and I took him, and thought it would be of service to him.
Had he been paid his wages? - Yes; he had had eight guineas.



                  JOSEPH
                   BARNES
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Brooks, pawn-broker, in Parliament-street: I produce some property I received from the prisoner.
When were they pledged? - At different times, from Christmas to April.
Did you take them all in? - No; I took in several of them.
What was lent upon them all? - About two guineas and an half.
Were they pledged in his own name? - Yes. Sir James saw them at Bow-street; I have had them ever since.
Sir James. They are my property; I saw them at Bow-street.


                  THOMAS
                   HINDES
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Watson, Broad Sanctuary: I produce several things: I received them from the prisoner. Sir James saw them at Bow-street.
Sir James. I saw them there; they are my property.
What money was lent upon them? - Above a guinea. The prisoner redeemed a shirt and a hat, and left them, and said he would call again, but he did not.
Court to Barnes. What money was lent upon the things you did not receive yourself? - Fifteen shillings and three-pence.
Jury. Do you know whether the prisoner redeemed any things? - Yes, from time to time he has, and brought them again, and others in exchange.
Jury. Were these things in the prisoner's charge? - Yes, he had them in his charge.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            

Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


