






354. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MACDONALD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
 last, two guineas and three shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Seth 
                           Young
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  SETH
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
I never saw the prisoner till this day: I went into the Brown Bear, and had a glass of gin and water, and fell asleep; and when I awaked, I did not know I had been robbed; but as I was passing by, somebody said this is a new-fashion way of wearing breeches pockets, inside out; then I said I have been robbed; I lost three guineas and three or four shillings.


                  HENRY
                   IRELAND
               



             sworn.
I carried the gentleman a glass of gin and water; and, pulling out a shilling to pay for it, I gave it my master; he refused it; and I returned and saw some gold and silver in his hand; he was in liquor.


                  JOHN
                   HOOD
               



             sworn.
I was at the Brown Bear on the 15th of March, and saw the prisoner at the bar pick the gentleman's pocket; I was facing him; so was the prisoner; there was a table betwixt them; and the prisoner put his hand under the table; I thought it had been a joke; the gentleman was asleep when I came in; and I did not know but they were acquaintances; the prisoner had been out, and came in again; the prisoner was taken into custody in about an hour and a half after: the prisoner is a soldier in the guards
.


                  JOHN
                   PITT
               



             sworn.
I keep the Brown Bear; and this prisoner is quartered there. Mr. Young came in on Monday, the 15th of March, and had a glass of gin and water, and sat down where there was a prisoner in the house; by and by he came to me, and said I am robbed? I said that cannot be; I accused the soldier; the other man was with him; he seemed very much flurried; they had taken this prisoner that was in the box; to the watch-house: I took the soldier into custody; I searched him, and found a shilling and some halfpence: Sir Sampson committed the soldier, and discharged the other.
Do you know Hood, the last witness? - Yes.
What is he? - He is a shoe-maker, I believe; he comes to my house sometimes: the serjeant and corporal talked together; and they went to search a room by his direction; they found nothing: he said, search the room, under the bed; there I found two guineas, and a particular bad shilling, which the man had offered me before; a very remarkable shilling; I am positive this was the shilling he offered me before.
(The shilling deposed to by the prosecutor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My lord, and gentlemen of the jury: I have been quartered in the house since the 25th of last August always when I came off duty, I was in the tap-room: I never saw the man sleep, nor even saw him to my knowledge before, till this day: I am innocent of the crime: my witnesses waited till last night.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Lord KENYON.
