





734. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WATTS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September
 last, a silver watch, value 42 s. a box, inlaid with silver, value 3 s. a cotton handkerchief, value 6 d. and seven shillings in monies
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Green
               




            .


                  WILLIAM
                   GREEN
               



             sworn.
I am a gun-smith
. On the 22d of September, in the middle of the night, from half past eleven, till six in the morning, I lost a watch and seven shillings; it was taken out of my breeches pocket in a room: I met with the prisoner and another in Hemmings's-row


; they asked me to give them something to drink; I went to Watts's room, and went to bed; I got up at six, and she was gone and my property; I was not drunk; there was another girl in the room; we were all three in the same bed; I found my watch again the next day but one, at a pawn-broker's in Bow-street, when I took up the prisoner coming out of the pawnbroker's door; I knew her again; an officer who was with me searched her.


                  WILLIAM
                   SANSOM
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of September, the prisoner brought this watch to me; I took it in; she said it was her husband's property; I lent her a guinea on it; on the 24th she came to pledge an apron, and was seized as soon as she went out of the house; I am sure of the prisoner.
(The watch deposed to.)

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I lodge at Mrs. Bristowe's; this gentleman came with two women, and enquired for a bed, said he had no money, and desired to pledge his watch for a trifle of money to give them; I lighted them up stairs, and left the door open, by their desire; in the morning I pawned the watch, by the woman's desire, for a guinea; and two days afterwards this gentleman took me up, as I went to pledge an apron; I never was no further in his company, than shewing him up to his bed.
Court to Green. Is that true? - It is not; I did not pledge the watch; she was one of the women that was in bed with me; and the door was bolted.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
