





110. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of December
, a yard and a quarter of silk, value 7s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Perry
                     



                   and 
                     
                        George 
                        Rigge
                     



                  , privately, in their shop
            .
GEORGE RIGGE sworn.
I am in partnership with Mr. Perry, in Drury-lane


.

Q. Do you both live in the same house? - A. Yes.
Q. You know nothing of the robbery? - A. No.
Q. Nor was in the shop at the time? - A. No.


                  JOHN
                   STRAP
               



             sworn.
I am shopman to Messrs. Perry and Rigge, woollen-drapers and fancy mercers

: On the 7th of December; about eight o'clock in the morning, the prisoner at the bar came into the shop, and asked to look at some fancy waistcoats; I shewed him the pattern card; the counter was, at that time, covered with goods, that we were going to put in the window; there was this piece of silk upon the counter, the uppermost thing.
Q. Had you seen the piece of silk upon the counter before the prisoner came into the shop? - A. Yes.
Q. How near was you to the place where the silk laid? - A. Within half a yard; I covered the piece of silk with the goods I shewed him; he then requested to see another piece of the same kind he had looked out before.
Q. Was it by design you had covered this, or by accident? - A. It was rather by design.
Q. This silk was nothing of that fort that he wanted to see? - A. No; while my head was down, I heard the rustling of silk; I took the goods he looked at out of the counter; I took this third piece from under the counter, and I was obliged to put my head down to reach it out; I suspected it to be the piece of silk that I had covered; I shewed him another piece; he then asked what quantity was sufficient to make him a waistcoat, and, likewise, one for a little boy about twelve years old; I told him the quantity, and what the price of them would come to; he then fixed upon the pattern that he wanted; I went round the counter to get the patterns; and then I saw that the piece was gone; I then pushed too the door, which was not close; I then took the patterns out of the drawer, on the other side of the shop; and, not wishing to be alone, I called the boy to bring me a pair of scissars; the boy brought me a pair of scissars; as soon as I saw the boy coming, I told him, he had stole a piece of silk off the counter; he said, he had not, and turned about and went from me, across the shop, put his hand in the right hand pocket of his great coat, and took out a piece of silk, laid it upon the other counter, and covered it with a piece of goods that was spread upon the counter; he came back again to me, and said, he had not got it, and immediately crossed the shop again, to the place where he had laid the silk; he lifted up the piece of goods that he had covered the silk with, and said, here it is; I told him, I had seen him lay it there; by this time the boy had returned; I sent him to call Mr. Rigge; he very soon came; I related the circumstance to him, and he sent for a constable; the prisoner offered to pay for it; he would do any thing; he would go down upon his knees, or do any thing, that was his expression; Mr. Rigge has the silk, and has had it ever since.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. Is that young man, that you speak of coming to the shop door, here? - A. No.
Q. How many shopmen have you? - A. None but me.
Q. I suppose you had a little suspicion, and that induced you to cover the silk? - A. Yes.
Q. (To Rigge). What is that? - A. A remnant of facing, for under waistcoats.
Q. Is that your property? - A. Yes.
Q. (John Strap). That is the silk that lay upon your counter? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. I went into this shop to buy some waistcoats; as I was going to sea; I went in on the Monday morning to see a piece or two, this piece was enough to face two or three flannel waistcoats, to make me comfortable on board of ship; I desired him to give me a pattern, to be advised whether they would wash in salt water, as fresh water is sometimes scarce; I asked him for a pattern, he turned round to the other counter, and asked me where the piece of silk was I was looking at; I took it in my hand to the other counter where he was, and said, here it is; what I was going to take a pattern of was for flannel waistcoats; I pulled out the money, and said I would pay for it; says I, the only way will be, to send for some person; he sent for his master, and it might be ten minutes before he came, I sat down by the counter; and when he came, he said, he hoped I would not come to defraud him of such a piece of silk as this, as it was only facings for waistcoats; I said, I should not wish to go before a Justice, and I would take it with me, and pay him for it.
Mr. Ally. Does your Lordship think there is any evidence as to the capital part of the charge?
Court. I think there is a great deal of evidence.
Mr. Ally. My Lord, the statute of Elizabeth, was made to protect persons in their shops, who, with all their diligence, could not protect themselves; this man declares he had a suspicion that the prisoner was about to commit a felony, and yet he gives him an opportunity of committing that felony, by stooping down, and then he hears the rustling of silk. My Lord, I think there was a case decided by your Lordship, the case of Austin; which is the only case in the books that comes exactly up to the point now under consideration; but the case of Austin was this; he was prosecuted by an eminent jeweller, in the Strand, into whose good opinion he had contrived to ingratiate himself; but having some suspicion, he laid a plan to detect him; he marked some goods, and when he knew Austin was to come, he leaves the shop, and sets a person to watch, and leaves it entirely under the dominion and controul of Austin; he returned, after some time, looked for the property he had marked, and missed it. It was held, I think, by your Lordship, that that case did not come within the spirit of the act; inasmuch, as he supposed the prisoner was about to commit a felony; and, in consequence of his own want of diligence, gave him an opportunity to commit that felony. I submit to your Lordship, therefore, that it does not come within the Act of Parliament.
Court. In this case, there is sufficient evidence to go to the Jury.
GUILTY.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 4s.
             (Aged 28.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


