






404. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of May
, one half guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Rose
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   ROSE
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  William
                   Rose
               



            ; the prisoner came into my shop and asked for change for a guinea; he made use of Mrs. Hodgson's name, and then I told him I would give him change for a guinea; I had never seen him before; he said, Mrs. Hodgson wanted to discharge a coach; I took half a guinea out of my purse, and he ran away with it; I was reading in the newspaper some time after, and saw a person had been deprived of half-a-guinea and was in custody, and I went to Marlborough-street, and saw him there.
Prisoner. Whether she did not go to a neighbour, and relate the circumstance of my borrowing half-a-guinea of her, and ask that neighbour's opinion of it.
Mrs. Rose. I went to the door to see if there was a coach at the door; after he was gone, I went in to ask Mrs. Hodgson, and she said, he had endeavoured to make use of the same trick with her, that he had made use of my name to her, but she had refused.
Prisoner's defence. I am allied to a family in the neighbourhood, and have been frequently in Mrs. Rose's shop; I had been out that day, the coachman could not change me a guinea; I did go into the other shop, and asked the same question; I asked her to lend me some silver, and she could not; I asked her to lend me half-a-guinea, which she did, I merely considered it as borrowing it of her.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 37.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
(There was a second indictment against the prisoner for a like offence, but no evidence was called).
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
