





670. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DEACKIE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Young
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of six in the forenoon, on the 11th of August
 last, one Hester Court, Mary wife of 
                     
                        James
                         Jones
                     



                  , 
                     
                        Stephen
                         Collins
                     



                  , John Hall, and Ann Hall being therein, and stealing a pair of pockets; value 6 d. a callico petticoat, value 5 s. a callico gown, value 5 s. a handkerchief, value 12 d. a purse, value 2 d. a tucker, value 3 d. a half guinea, and one shilling, his property
            .


                  HESTER
                   COURT
               



             sworn.
I live in Castle-street, Marybone


. On the 11th of August last I went to bed; I pulled off my clothes and laid them on the bed: I was alarmed a little after six by the cry of thieves, and that somebody had entered my apartments; I missed my clothes off the chair, and saw my dining room door wide open; my clothes were brought me at the foot of my stairs: I did not find the house broke in any way; it is the house of 
               
                  James
                   Young
               



            ; 
               
                  Mary
                   Young
               



             was in the house, and Mr. Collins, and Mr. and Mrs. Hall.


                  MARY
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
My husband's name is 
               
                  James
                   Young
               



            : it is his dwelling-house: he went out to work with the apprentice and a man at six in the morning, the beginning of August: I got up to let in a carpenter, and left thedoor upon the latch; I heard a man in the passage, but did not see the prisoner till he was out of the house; the boy was asking him where he had got the things that were under his arm; the boy let him out, and cried stop thief! I looked out at the door, and saw the prisoner with the things under his arm; and I saw him come up the yard again without the things; I saw no more of him till he was brought back, things and all.
TWYDLE DEER ALDRIDGE sworn.
The prosecutor is my master: we were going to work at Newington; I returned for a pair of steel-yards, and when I came to the door I saw a man stand by the rails, with a bundle under his arm; when I saw the door unlatched, and pushed it open; and then I saw the prisoner coming down stairs; my mistress has had the things ever since: I asked him what business he had there; and he made no answer, but smiled, and came to the door; I opened the door, and let him go out; then I called stop thief! I followed him down, he and the other person, till they came to the gateway; he went down the yard, and threw the things about in the yard; and then the prisoner came up and asked me what business I had with him; I called stop thief! the man stopped him; he had the things loose under his arm.


                  WILLIAM
                   TRIPLETT
               



             sworn.
I was in the market facing Castle-street, and I heard the cry of stop thief; and I saw the prisoner coming towards me; he turned down a yard, and came up without the things.
(The things deposed to by Mrs. Court.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am servant to a gentleman: I lived last with Mr. Dorneus, in Dean-street, Soho, and from thence I lived with Mrs. Fitzherbert; then I went as a monthly servant to a French family; we were ordered to go to Vauxhall the next morning; me and the coachman got a little liquor, and I went as far as Paddington, to see a friend there; I came back towards home, and I was informed there was a girl of the town lived in this street; and I went and asked up and down the street; and there was a person at the door with a bundle; they said he belonged to me; and I asked him; and the door was open, and I went in; I stood at the door a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes; on the landing place these things lay lapped up, and I kicked them half way down stairs; and I took them up, and went out.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


