





53. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MACKAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of November
, a canvas bag, value 2d. a rupee, value 2s. a guinea, a half guinea, four half crowns, fourteen sixpences, nine shillings, and a bank note, value 5l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Wilkie
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   WILKIE
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 10, Catharine-street, I print the Publicans Morning Advertiser
, on Tuesday the 18th of last month, I went to the two-shilling gallery in Covent Garden theatre


, about a quarter before ten; the place was much crowded, I stood looking over the peoples heads, I felt something at my pocket, a hand, recollecting I had my money there, I put my hand to my pocket and found it gone. I immediately turned round and see the prisoner at the bar, who seemed to be endeavouring to get off; I immediately seized him by the collar, and charged him with having robbed me; he denied it of course, but finding I was determined not to quit with him, he pushed his hand suddenly from him, and out of his hand he dropped the canvas which contained the money that is mentioned in the indictment. I still had him by the collar, and stooped down on the ground to recover it, I could not find it, I requested a lady that stood immediately before for to move round a little, and she turned round and the bag tumbled down on the floor, I suppose from her clothes; I picked it up and put it into my pocket, I then called for a constable, a person came and took hold of him by the collar. There is one circumstance I forgot to mention, before I called for the constable he said, you have got your money, you had better say no more about it, for it will give you a great deal of trouble. When he got into the street he requested the person that had him in custody to let him walk by himself, he did so, and he then ran away; we followed him, and I overtook him and stopped him; he was not out of my sight. He was then conveyed to the Brown Bear, and given into the hands of a constable who searched him; the next day I attended at Bow-street, and was bound over to prosecute. This is the bag that contains the property.(Produces it.)
Prisoner. I would wish to ask the gentleman if he can say that he saw me dropany thing from my hand? - I did most certainly see him drop this bag from his hand.
Prisoner. I would wish to ask if he did not take it from between the women? - I took it from the floor, dropping from a lady that was there.
Prisoner. There was a great concourse of people there, and he took hold of me because I was very nigh him. - He stood next to me, from the position in which he stood I could not possibly conceive it was any other hand that was in my pocket.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. On Tuesday the 18th of November, the prisoner was brought into the 
               
                  Brown
                   Bear
               



            , at Bow-street, and I searched him, and on him I found two odd gloves and this pocket book.


                  ROBERT
                   WALLER
               



             sworn.
I am the door keeper of Covent Garden theatre. On the 18th of November there had been a great deal of confusion in the house, and the constable was obliged to go into the boxes to get some women out; during that time Mr. Wilkie brought the prisoner down to me to take care of him, as he brought him down to me he said, let me go, will you? the gentleman has got his property again, and there is no harm done. Says I, that will not do, you must go with me to the Brown Bear, so I took him by the collar, and he says, don't drag me along; says I, I will not, behave then like a gentleman, says he, I will; so at the end of Martlett court, he took to his heels and away he ran, and we went after him and took him again.
Prisoner. I stand here in a very aukward situation, having no counsel, and therefore I hope you will take my case into consideration. On this evening I was taken, I went promiscuously to see this new pantomime which has lately come out, I had not been in the house above ten minutes, before this gentleman collared me, says I, what is that for; says he, you have got my purse, as I was standing next to him; with that, while he had me by the collar, he stoops down and picks it up from the ground between two women, the place was so very much crowded that I had not power to move, and he took and lugged me to the office, therefore, gentlemen, I hope you are convinced in your own breasts that I am not guilty of this felony. I had three witnesses for four days, but I don't know whether they are here now. I sent to Mr. Sheriff Brander, and I did not know he was dead, he knew me from a child.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 29.)




               Transported for Seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
