





346. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     YOUNG
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, one gold ring set with diamonds, value 5 l. 5 s. one pair of gold ear-rings, value 1 s. one fruit knife with a silver blade, value 1 s. a linen handkerchief, value 1 s. a steel watch hook, value 1 d. a steel bodkin, value 1 d. a metal bracelet buckle, value 1 d. two pieces of printed cotton, value 6 d. a towel, value 2 d. a cloth, value 1 d. six yards of cotton binding, value 6 d. one tortoise-shell smelling bottle case, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Dalziel
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   ANN DALZIEL
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 84, Queen-Ann-street, East


. The prisoner was my servant
 last month, and for about four months; she left me the 26th of February, when she was taken up: I lost the things in the indictment, on the 17th or 18th of January; I lost my ring; it was a gold ring set round with diamonds, for the fore finger; I did not know I had lost all the articles; I missed the silver bladed knife, but nothing else till her box was searched; and there we found the other things mentioned in the indictment: the first time I searched her box, it was the 7th of February; the boxes were in her own room; she was very ill with the small pox at that time, and was in my house; I had been induced to suspect her before.


                  CHARLES
                   ELLIOTT
               



             sworn.
I belong to Litchfield-street Office. I took the prisoner into custody, and found these things in her box; she delivered the key out of her pocket; the box was in the room, locked; she allowed it to be her box: this fruit knife, and this steel hook, and bodkin, I found in her pocket.
Prosecutrix. I know this knife; I have had it three years; and the bodkin and steel hook are very remarkable; I swear to them, and to every thing that came out of her box.


                  RICHARD
                   DENNISON
               



             sworn.
I saw the box opened, and those things found in it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of the property; my boxes were taken out of my room when I was blind of the small pox; and I never saw them till I was sent for down into the parlour, to be taken into custody.


                  MARY
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I have lived with the prisoner two months in the house; I never saw any thing but honesty by her.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
