








97. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BEVAN
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of December
, two pillows, value 2s. a linen sheet, value 2s. a chintz gown, value 2s. 6d. three women's linen waistcoats, value 3s. a muslin frock, value 2s. a muslin cloak, value 2s. a child's shift, value 12d. two half muslin neck handkerchiefs, value 12d. a cambric neck handkerchief, value 12d. three damask napkins, value 3s. three damask clouts, value 3s. a pair of worsted stockings, value 6d. a pair of silk stockings, value 12d. a pair of silk gloves, value 12d. four child's shirts, value 4s. four child's laced caps, value 2s. a child's laced handkerchief, value 12d. two muslin pocket handkerchiefs, value 12d. three pillow-cases, value 3s. a table-cloth, value 2s. 6d. two damask napkins, value 12d. a huccaback napkin, value 6d. a linen shift, value 12d. a dimity cloak, value 12d. and a silk work-bag, value 6d. the property of 
                     
                        Frederick 
                        Choppin
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Const.)


                  PATRICK
                   ROACH
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman of St. Martin's; I stopped the prisoner Thompson on the 30th of December, about half past eleven at night, in the Haymarket, he had a bundle; I asked him what he had got there; he said, they were his own things; I told him it was an unseasonable hour, and I took him to the watch-house, then he said, they were his sister's; then he said, he did not know what was in it; he afterwards said, he had got them from Mr. Choppin's house.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. He told you he had them from Mr. Choppin's? - A. Yes.
Q. He said, a servant had given them to him to go to Yarmouth, where he was going that evening? - A. No, he did not.
Q. Do you know whether he was not going with the coach that evening? - A. No.
- THOMPSON sworn. - I am constable of the night. On the 30th of December, the prisoner was brought in by the watchman; he told me the bundle was given him by a young woman that lived at Mr. Choppin's, to carry to her mother, at Yarmouth; I then sent the watchman to Mr. Choppin's. The next day, about half past ten, I went up to Mr. Choppin's house, to know whether they pleased to come forward; Mr. Choppin was out of town; I took charge of the young woman, Mary Simpson; I went up stairs, and searched a caravan box, which she said was her's; there was another trunk in the room, she said, that did not belong to her; the first thing in that trunk was a chintz gown belonging to her mistress; she said, she had taken it from a closet below: Mrs. Choppin then went down stairs to look if there was any thing gone; there was a paper box up-side down, and Mrs. Choppin said, the child-bed linen was gone; in searching one of the drawers in the pantry, there were some things found packed up, and her mistress asked if she knew any thing of them, and she said, no, they belonged to the house-maid, and then I asked Bevan, and she owned to it.
Q. Did you tell her it was better for her to confess? - A. No; in her chest up stairs, I found some napkins and some table-cloths.
Court. They are laid to be a joint taking.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. This man told you he had these things from a servant of Mr. Choppin's? - A. Yes.
Q.And he told you he was going to Yarmouth with them? - A. Yes.
SUSANNAH-
               
                  SOPHIA
                   CHOPPIN
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Frederick
                   Choppin
               



            ; I know this chintz gown to be mine; I have had it some years.
The prisoner Simpson did not say any thing in her defence.
Thompson's defence. I received these things from Mary Simpson.
Thompson, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Simpson, 


               GUILTY
             (Aged 27.)
Of stealing to the value of 2s. 6d.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Bevan, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
