





18. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 2d of November
, two cotton bed-curtains, value 20s. one linen bed-head cloth, value 4s. a linen vallance, value 2s. two woolen blankets, value 2s. two pillows, value 12d. a linen and wollen bed-quilt, value 4s. a looking-glass in a walnut-tree frame, value 2s. a copper teakettle, value 1s. 6d. two brass candlesticks, value 1s. a flat iron, value 6d. and a copper saucepan, value 12d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Stukey
                        




                     
                  , the same being in a lodging room let by contract by him to the said Sarah Jackson
            .


                  ROBERT
                   STUKEY
               



             sworn. - I keep a lodging-house, No. 10, Worship-street


; I let a lodging to the daughter of the prisoner, 
               
                  Mary
                   Jackson
               



            , for the use of both the daughter and mother; the daughter came first, the mother came in the evening; they were to give 3s. 6d. a week; they came in a month ago last Thursday; I had a suspicion the things were gone, but could not get into the room till last Thursday night; when I went in, the prisoner asked me what I wanted; I told herI had a suspicion she had taken the curtains away; she said, what of that, I mean to get them home on Saturday night; I immediately told her, if she did not deliver up the duplicates, or tell me where the property was, I would send for an officer; she gave me, in the course of a quarter of an hour, five duplicates (producing them;) when she had given me them, I told her that was not the whole, and sent for an officer; he said, she had got some more, and she said, it was a lie; he searched, and found a pocket-book in her bosom, with about fifty duplicates in it, seven of which were of my things, besides those she had given me; all the things, but the copper saucepan, are in Court now.


                  CHRISTIANA
                   STUKEY
               



             sworn. - I was present at the letting of the lodging; it was let to Mary Jackson, the daughter of the prisoner, for the use of herself and her mother; they were to pay 3s. 6d. a week; we had a suspicion they had taken away some of the things, but did not go into the room till Thursday last; the first things we missed were the curtains from the bed, then we missed two pillows, and the rest of the things mentioned in the indictment; they were in the room when the lodging was let.(The things were produced in Court by the several pawnbrokers, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I meant to fetch the things out again, I did not leave the place.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 43.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
