





115. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JACKSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Chandler
                        




                     
                  , on the 22d of December
, about the hour of five in the night, and stealing seven yards of woollen cloth, value 2l.
             the property of the said Benjamin.


                  BENJAMIN
                   CHANDLER
               



             sworn.
I live in St. Paul's Church-yard


; I am a woollen-draper
: I was in the counting-house, with my back to the window; I did not see any thing of the transaction; my servant brought the prisoner in; I only speak to the property.


                  JAMES
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Chandler, in St. Paul's Church-yard: On the 22d of December, about half past four in the afternoon, I went out, to order some beer for some workmen, who were at that time in the house; on my return, as I passed the window, on the outside, I saw a piece of goods move out of the window; when I came in, I saw the prisoner take it off the iron rail, within the shop, and go off with it; he was in the inside of the shop; when I went out I shut the door: I immediately took him by the collar, with my right hand, and the goods in my left, and dragged him back into the counting-house, to Mr. Chandler.
Q. You have no doubt it is your master's property? - A. I can swear to the property.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. You shut the door, as usual, when you went out? - A. Yes; I left it on the latch.
Mrs. CHANDLER sworn.
I saw the prisoner open the door, take the cloth with his left hand, and put it under his right hand, and turn to get out of the door.
Q. Was the door shut then? - A. Yes; it was shut.
Q. Do you know what o'clock it was? - A. Yes; about half past four, the 22d of December.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods to the value of 39s. but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERGEANT.




[Transportation. See summary.]


