





172. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 6th of October in the parish of St. Mildred in the Poultry


, had in his custody and possession, a certain piece of parchment wherein was printed and written, a certain writ of our lord the King, called a latitat, which said writ purported to be duly issued from our lord the King, against a certain person whose name is as yet unknown, and 
                     
                        John
                         Doe
                     



                   at the suit of a certain other person, whose name or names are unknown, in a plea of trespass, in which said piece of parchment, in pursuance of the statute in such case made and provided, there had been made a certain stamp, and affixed to the said piece of parchment; wherein was inserted six-pence, six-pence, sixpence, six-pence and six-pence, then payable to our lord the King, by virtue of the statute in that case made and provided, on which any writ of latitat shall be engrossed and written, which was denoted to be duly paid in pursuance of the statute in such case made and provided; and he afterwards, on the 6th of October
 and in the same parish, unlawfully, fraudulently and feloniously did erase and scrape, and caused to be erased and scraped out, the names of the said persons so as aforesaid, then written in the said writ of our lord the King called a latitat, as yet unknown, with intent to use the said stamp for a certain other writ of our lord the King, called a latitat against 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Crosfield
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Doe
                        



                     
                  , in a suit for 40 l. the said several debts of six-pence, six-pence, six-pence, six-pence and six-pence being then due and payable to our said lord the King, in respect to the last mentioned suit against the peace of our lord the King, and against the form of the statute
            .
(The case was opened by - )
CROSBY HILL sworn.
I am clerk at the Secretary's office; this is the original writ against Crosfield at the suit of Clowes.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. I believe you have known the prisoner Wilson for some time? - I never heard any thing against him till this.


                  THOMAS
                   VINCENT
               



             sworn.
This writ was brought to me by a young man; I delivered it to 
               
                  John
                   Atkins
               



            , and he brought me a warrant down; I went to the King's head in Wood-street, there I found the defendant Crosfield in custody with the bail and Mr. Wilson, Mr. Wilson wished me to execute the writ; but I objected to do it, because he was in custody of his bail. In some other transactions we went to Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Wilson expressly wished me to execute that warrant; I objected to executing the writ because Mr. Clowes, the plaintiff in the writ, was one of the bail in the former transaction, and it was by his consent that I should not execute that writ; that he said in the hearing of the prisoner Wilson.
Q. What did Mr. Wilson say? - He did not say any thing than that he desired me to execute it; I did not execute it, I took it away with me and left the defendantin custody of his bail; there was much conversation about it, but I thought it not proper to execute it; I recommended the bail to take the defendant Crosfield into Middlesex. In about half an hour after the bail brought the defendant Crosfield to my house, and Mr. Wilson was with them; the bail stayed with me till about eleven, and they left the defendant; I conceived it to be on this writ, Mr. Wilson went away in the coach with them, Mr. Wilson did not stop at all; I detained him on this transaction.
Mr. Knowlys. What time was it they came first to your house? - About six or seven o'clock.
Q. In point of fact, the office shuts at six o'clock? - The secondary office shuts at six o'clock.


                  JOHN
                   ATKINS
               



             sworn.
I received that writ from a young lad that brought it from Vincent; I went up to the office and got a warrant on it.


                  WILLIAM
                   COOMBE
               



             sworn.
I am an attorney; on the 6th of October was the first time I gained any knowledge on this subject; on the 6th of October Captain 
               
                  Coffin
               


             called at my house, and went to Vincent's; I went there to act for the benefit of Crosfield; I desired to see the warrant which held him, and made a search on the day following.
Q. Did you find that any such process had regularly issued? - There had not; I could find no traces that any writ had issued at that time; I could find no traces of it at any office; there was no writ issued on the 6th, nor no affidavit on the 6th that I could find.
Mr. Knowlys. You being an attorney and acting for Crosfield, you knew that he left his bail in the lurch. Do you know whether his bail had laid hold of him? - I did not know any thing of the circumstance.
Q. Was it unknown to you that bail had been given to the amount of 200 l. was it not known to you? - I saw that there was some bail for 130 l.
Q. You made no search whatever till the Tuesday; in point of fact, you found that a writ had been issued on Monday, and a regular affidavit, and another on Wednesday for the same purpose and effect; who appeared to be the attorney? - 
               
                  Peregrine
                   Palmer
               



            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HERNE
               



             sworn.
I am the under sheriff; in consequence of Mr. Coombe's application to the sheriff, complaining that a man had been detained illegally, I took a good deal of pains, and found that Mr. Wilson, the prisoner, issued out the writ; I went to him, and told him that a complaint had been made to the sheriffs, that Dr. Crosfield was detained illegally; that I had been at the office and seen the writ, and it was full of erazures; that I had applied to the plaintiff, who had directed me to him, Mr. Wilson; the plaintiff was Mr. Clowes; I desired him to explain how the writ came to be so full of erazures; he said it was a mistake of his, but he had rectified that on Monday; I asked him what that mistake was, he said the man was in the custody of his bail, and he did not wish the bail to be detained all night, and the government was not defrauded; he told me he had made use of another writ, and had altered the writ; that there was a real writ issued on Monday, and therefore the government was not defrauded. This was on the 11th that he told me this, that the government did not suffer, for there was another writ sued out on Monday.
Mr. Knowlys. This was in consequence of a complaint made to you by Mr. Coombe? - It was.
Q. This was on the Saturday after? - It was.


                  JOSEPH
                   NEAL
               



             sworn.
I am the sealer to the writs; I have an account of the writs I sealed on the fourth and sixth of October.

Q Look on the sixth. Did you on the sixth seal any writ in which Peregrine Palmer was the attorney? - No, for we always enter the attorney's name.
Q. Now turn to the 4th. - There are two sealed of the name of Willey, to whom Mr. Wilson is clerk, but none in Mr. Palmer's name.
Q. Then there was none sealed with the name of P. Palmer on either of the two days? - There was not.
Q. Look at this writ. - This writ appears to be sealed on the 4th of October.
Q. On the 4th of October there is none of P. Palmer's. - But this was sealed the 4th and Mr. Willey had two writs that day; the name of the attorney is erased out in this writ; there never passes such a writ as this at the office; to this the name, not only of the attorney, but also of the defendant and plaintiff, has all been erased out. On the 8th Mr. Palmer had a writ sealed, and brought by Mr. Wilson, who is clerk to Mr. Willey.
Mr. Knowlys. How early on Monday morning was this writ issued? - At a quarter after ten; the office opens at ten precisely.


                  WILLIAM
                   PROVO
               



             sworn.
I am the signer of the writs. I have got my Praecipe of the 6th of October; I have no praecipe in which Palmer is the attorney, or of which Crosfield is the defendant, on the 6th.
Q. Have you on the 4th? - I have a praecipe in the name of Willey.
Q. Have you, on that day in which 
               
                  P. 
               


            Palmer is the attorney, any praecipe which correspond with the sealer's account of writs of Mr. Willey? - I have one on the 4th and not any on the 6th.
Q. Did you find any praecipe on the 8th for which P. Palmer is the attorney? - I have one on the 8th; I have a praecipe which is the warrant to this writ, together with the affidavit sworn with me on the 8th.
Q. Who brought the affidavit? - Mr. Wilson. The jurat was dated the 6th; it was not the proper day; I altered it to the true pay.
Q. What was the date of the praecipe? - The 6th.
Q. Have you any praecipe corresponding with this writ on the 11th? - I have one on the 11th, P. Palmer attorney, against the said defendant and by the said plaintiff, and a fresh affidavit sworn before me, on the 11th; that on the 8th was for Mr. Wilson, that on the 11th was for Mr. Palmer.
Mr. Knowlys. I think your office shuts at six o'clock? - It does.
Q. Any person coming after six would be too late? - They might have it done after that time if they pay extraordinary.


                  THOMAS
                   MAJOR
               



             sworn.
I am the person employed to engrave the dies at the stamp office.
Q. Is that the impression of the stamp which was proper for the 6th of October, 1792? - It was.
Mr. Knowlys. It appears to me that this indictment does not describe that which in law is a latitat.
Court. If your objection was of any force, it could produce no more than an arrest of judgment.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him an excellent character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
