





512. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES, otherwise 
BARBER




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a silk cloak, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Boyd
                  




               
            .

(The prisoner, instead of pleading to the indictment, appeared to be insane, broke out into the most horrid imprecations, smashed the looking-glass over his head to pieces, with other acts of violence, upon which the Jury were sworn to try whether be stood mute, obstinately, or by the visitation of God).
Court. Gentlemen, you are now sworn to try the question, not of the guilt or innocence of this man, but a previous question, which is, whether he stands mute, that is, refuses to plead, by the visitation of God having deprived him of his health and faculties, or whether through obstinacy; because, if he stands charged with this offence, and refuses to plead through obstinacy, it becomes a duty upon the Court to record his plea of guilty; on the other hand, if upon the evidence, you think he stands mute, through the visitation of God, you will say so; therefore the witnesses now attend to explain to you, upon oath, the state of mind this man has been in, previous to his being brought to the bar, as to his conduct, here you will judge what effect it has upon your minds.


                  WILLIAM
                   HUTCHINS
               



             sworn.
I am a baker, in Daniel-street, St. George's: On the 1st of December, I was sitting in doors, in my parlour, and my maid opened the door, and the prisoner came in and shook hands with me, he sat down by me, and put his hand upon my belly; Hutchins, says he, how do you do; and I think then, how does all do at Chatham, how is your mother, a lady that lived with me, and then he chucked down half-a-guinea to send for some wine; I thought he had been quarter-master, or something, on board some ship; he said he had a great deal of money in the stocks, and wished me to take care of it for him.
Jury. How did he appear with respect to his mind? - A. He appeared to be as well collected as I am, but appeared to be in that little groggy kind of way.


                  JOHN
                   COOKE
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner five years, I never saw him any otherwise than a sharp keen man, the keenest man I ever knew in my life; he has been to sea in the course of that time, and whenever he comes home, he defrauds people under pretence of having been acquainted with them before, and seems very well till he is apprehended, and then he is a desperate fellow, the same as he is now, he always behaves as he does now.
Court. This is not the conduct of a madman, gentlemen, he rather over acts his part.
ANOTHER WITNESS sworn.
I knew him a twelve-month in the Poultry Compter, just in this state, and he was so troublesome, Mr. West, and some other persons, got his pardon, and when he got out, he was as well as any gentleman in Court.


                  JOHN
                   DUNBAR
               



             sworn.
I have known him above six months since I have had him in custody, and he appeared as sensible as any person in Court.


                  WILLIAM
                   RAMSDEN
               



            , a Surgeon, sworn.
There was always something very odd about the man, but I never perceived him so deranged as not to know what he was about; when he came into the ward first, he cut his leg, and the first thing I heard of him was, that he shammed madness; his leg has been well some time, and the wardsman has had the care of him ever since he appeared to sham it at the time; I have seen him perfectly aware of what he was about.
Court. (To Dunbar.) Q. You have known the prisoner between six and nine months? - A. Yes; perfectly sensible.


                  GEORGE
                   BOYD
               



             sworn.
He robbed me of a cloak, and pushed me into a public-house.
Q. How did he appear when he took these things? - A. Perfectly well as a man could be.
JOHN OWEN sworn.
I have been with him three times, and he has never shewn any thing of this kind, but when he has been in custody and brought to trial; he has been passed to his parish by Mr. Kirby several times; I believe he is as great a rogue as any in this country.
Jury. Q. Is it your opinion it is a madness put on for the moment? - A. I really think it is to evade justice.
THE WARDSMAN sworn.
Q. You observed this man in your ward? - A. Yes.
Q. How has he conducted himself? - A. I am of the same opinion with Owen in every respect; I have known him now near three months, and the observations I have made are just word for word what this witness has told your Lordship.
Q. You believe this is put on to evade justice? - A. I believe it upon my oath.
Jury. We are of opinion that the prisoner will nor answer through obstinacy.
Court. 


               The sentence of the Court upon you is, that you be transported beyond the seas for the term of seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
