





138. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RADON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of December
, a silver table-spoon, value 8s. and three silver teaspoons, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Nott
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLOTTE
                   NOTT
               



             sworn. - I am the daughter of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Nott
               



            , I am fourteen years of age: On Monday, the 11th of December, the prisoner knocked at the door of my father's dwelling-house, No. 4, Fountain-court, Minories


, and asked if we had a lodging to lett; I said, yes, and shewed him the room up two pair of stairs back wards; he said, it would do for him very well; my mother was not at home, and he asked me to let him stop a bit till she did come home; I said, yes; and he followed me down into the kitchen; in a very short time, my mother knocked at the door; he took particular notice of the things in the kitchen, and that-gave me rather a suspicion; I thought if he had an opportunity, he would steal something; I opened the door, and told my mother, a young man waited to see her; and I went down stairs with intent to light him up, and I met him half way on the stairs; I did not stop to light him, but went past him into the kitchen, to see if I missed any thing, I looked on the tea-board, and immediately missed three silver tea-spoons; I came up, and he was then in the passage, asking my mother, how much she asked a week for the room; I told my mother, the man had got the spoons, and he immediately ran out as fast as he could, through the court; there was a young man coming through the court, who stopped him, and directly as he stopped him, he dropped two spoons, a table-spoon and one tea-spoon, in the court, and I picked them up; when I went down stairs again, to look, I said, there is another tea-spoon wanting, and we found it under the chair where he was sitting; when we found that, I missed another, and he dropped that under the chair; I said, he drops them as fastas I say they are wanting; there was a constable sent for, and he was secured.


                  MARY
                   NOTT
               



             sworn. - My husband works at a tobacconists; the moment I knocked at the door, the child told me, there was a young man waiting for a lodging, she went down stairs, and he came up, and as he was asking me about the lodging, she came up, and said he had got the spoons, he immediately ran through the court, and I ran after him as fast as I could, calling out, stop thief; a young man was coming up the court, and stopped him, I saw him drop the spoons, he was brought back, and there were two more found under the chair, where he was sitting, I sent for a constable, and he was apprehended.


                  THOMAS
                   FORD
               



             sworn. - I am a servant, I heard a cry of stop thief, I was coming into the court, and saw the prisoner running, I immediately laid hold of him, and he dropped a table-spoon, and a tea-spoon, I took him back to the house, with the assistance of another man; I saw two other spoons picked up from under the chair that he was sitting in, but I did not see him drop them, Mrs. Nott claimed them.
Mrs. Nott. These are my spoons, they are marked W.M.N. the table-spoon has no particular mark upon it, it is exactly such a one as I had, I saw the prisoner drop it.
Prisoner's defence. I was just come to London from Romford, and I wanted a lodging, the girl came up, and asked me, if I would see the room, she shewed it to me; when her mother came home, I talked to her about the room, I told her, it was too much money, and I was coming away in a hurry, because I had got a lodging to seek, and I was met by that young man, he stopped me, and said, there was a cry of stop thief, I know nothing at all about the spoons.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before MR. RECORDER.
