





85. 
               
                  MARY, the wife
 of 
                     
                        CHARLES 
                        POWELL
                     








             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Oldham
                     




                  , about the hour of twelve in the night of the 15th of December
, and burglariously stealing, two silver table spoons, value 30s. a desert spoon, value 6s. six silver tablespoons, value 6s. a pair of sugar-tongs, value 4s. a silver cream-pot, value 15s. a silver marrow-spoon, value 58s. forty-eight knives, with silver handles, value 15s. forty-eight forks, with silver handles, value 15s. twenty-four desert knives, value 20s. twenty-four desert forks, value 20s. and three pair of sheets, value 41.
             the property of the said Thomas.(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney).(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner).


                  THOMAS
                   OLDHAM
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I live in Mile-end Green


; my house was broke open on the night of Friday the 15th of December; I went to bed at ten o'clock, I was the last person up; I saw that the doors were fast, the cupboard doors, and my bureau and book-case were all fast when I went to bed; the cupboard and book-case were in the back parlour; I got up about seven o'clock, rather before than after, it was then scarcely light; one of my servants was up before me, in consequence of what she told me, I examined and found the robbers had entered, by breaking open the shutters of the back kitchen window, the sash of the window was lifted up, and with a borer, they had bored several holes in the inner shutter, and forced them into one; they had then lifted up the bar, and entered the house; I found three cupboards broke open, one in the back room, one in the drawing-room, and one in the front parlour; the two cellar doors were broke open, and some wine packed up ready for carrying off, my book-case was broke open, my bureau examined, the drawing-room curtains cut off, chair covers, quilts, and plate, with variety of other articles, were gone; I lost all the things charged in the indictment.
Q. How soon afterwards did you hear of your things again? - A. The first that I heard of them was, in consequence of an advertisement in a paper, when I went to Bow-street, and saw the property that will be produced, the spoons, and the tea tongs, that was about a fortnight after the robbery, the prisoner was in custody, they are in the possession of the constable.
Cross-examined by Mr. Agar. Q. When you got up, it was light? - A. Hardly; it could not be called day-light.
Q. You know you had light enough to see what had been done to the house? - A. In the space of ten minutes afterwards there was light enough.
Q. This robbery was probably committed a short time before you got up? - A. My next door neighbour can tell that better than I can.
Court. Q.Where was the plate deposited? - A. It was in general use in the house, and some of it was in the cupboards, some in the kitchen, and in various places.
Mr. Agar. Q. You do not know when you had seen any of the articles before? - A. Yes; I had seen one of the spoons the evening before.


                  ANN
                   HORNSBY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am servant to Mr. Oldham; the night before the house was robbed, I fastened all the windows and doors, I believe, I am sure I fastened the window of the back kitchen; I got up next morning between seven and eight, after day-light; when I came down, I went to let the gardener in, I went into the parlour, and there was nothing out of its place; I then went down into the kitchen, and the drawers were all open, and the things all about, every thing was turned out of the workbags, upon the floor; I looked no further then, but went and made the fire; after I had made the fire, I went into the back kitchen, I went to the window to open it, and the inside shutter, that had holes made in it, was doubled back, I did not observethe holes at that time, because it was doubled back, the sash window was left up, one of the outside shutters was shut close, the bar, which was across the inside shutters, was put up against the outside one that was shut; the other outside shutter was put back against the wall, and the other inside shutter, which the holes were not in, was shut; there were two baskets of wine packed up; when we came to look about, we missed the things named in the indictment; I had all the spoons in use the night before.
Q. Had you yourself heard any noise in the course of the night, or the morning before you got up? - A. I had not.
Q. Did you observe any marks upon the floor when you came down? - A. No, I did not, the floor was dirty.
Cross-examined by Mr. Agar. Q. You were the first person up in the house? - A. Yes.
Q.Your master got up after you? - A. Yes.
Q. It had been light sometime before? - A. Yes.
Q. This robbery had been probably committed some short time before you came down, they had not taken away the wine, you know? - A. No, they had not.
Q. They had not time to take it away before you came down? - A. The servants at the next house disturbed them.
Q. Were holes bored in the shutter near the fastening? - A. Yes.
Q. They broke open the cupboards where the plate was, and the cellar? - A. Yes.
Q.Then, from all these circumstances of breaking open the shutter close to the fastening, and finding out the places where the plate was, do not you believe the robbers knew something about the house? - A. That I do not know.
Q. You never saw the poor woman at the bar before? - A. No.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Had you been awake long before? - A. No.


                  ANN
                   MEACOCK
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. I am servant to Mr. Oldham; I got up about seven o'clock the morning of the robbery, it was not quite day-light; I had seen two tablespoons the night before, and some tea-spoons, I can't say how many; the cream pot was in the closet in the parlour that night, they were in common use in the house.


                  BETTY
                   PRENT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am servant to captain Wallis, next door to Mr. Oldham; I remember Mr. Oldham's house being broke open, I got up that morning about five o'clock, and heard a noise, but I thought it was one of Mr. Oldham's servants up; I did not stay above five minutes in the house, before I went out for the dust shovel into the garden; I took the shovel, and went in doors again.
Q. At your opening the door and going out, did you make a noise that could be heard at Mr. Oldham's? - A. I do not know, I did not make much noise, because I was afraid of waking our family.
Q. How far is it from the door that you opened to the back kitchen window of Mr. Oldham's? - A.But a little way.
Q. Is it near enough to hear the opening of your back door there? - A. Yes, it is.
Q. After you had gone into the house again, did you hear any more noise in Mr. Oldham's house? - A. No, I did not.
Court. Q. Had you any candle with you? - A. Yes, I had; we sleep in the kitchen.
Court. Q. Then it was necessary to light a candle, was it, when you got up? - A. Yes; it was pitch dark.
Q. How did you light your candle? - A. I struck a light.
Court. Q. When you went into the garden, did you take the candle with you? - A. Yes, I did.
Court. Q. What sort of a noise was it? - A. I thought it was something like the opening of a shutter.
Q. Does Mr. Oldham's back kitchen window look into your garden? - A. There is a brick wall between.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Do you come down steps from your back door into the yard? - A. Yes.
Q. As you carry a candle down those steps, would the light of that candle shew over the wall? - A. I dare say it would.


                  ALICE
                   WARING
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I live next door to Mr. Oldham; I recollect Mr. Oldham's house being broke open.
Q. Did you examine in your garden if there were any tracks of footsteps? - A. Yes; I saw the footsteps in the garden, across from one garden to the other, adjoining Mr. Oldham's yard.
Q.What number of footsteps were there? - A. I do not know the number, there was a very great difference in the steps, one footstep appeared to be like the mark of a woman's shoe; they appeared to me to come from the play-ground of Miss Jones's school across my garden to Mr. Oldham's.
Q. What time in the morning did you observe these footsteps? - A. Between nine and eleven.
Cross-examined by Mr. Agar. Q.There were women residing in your house? - A. Yes.
Q. And those women sometimes walk in your garden? - A. Certainly.
Court. Q. Was it upon the gravel walk, or where? - A. Upon the mould, on the borders; the footsteps went both ways towards Mr. Oldham's, and back again.
Court. Q. Was the woman's foot distinguishable both ways? - A. No; only back again.

Court. Q. Will you undertake to say that it was the impression of a woman's shoe? - A. It appeared to me to be so.
(Here Mr. Oldham drew a plan and presented to the Court, describing the situation of his premises, and those adjoining).


                  JAMES
                   BLY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am a constable of St. John's, Westminster: I apprehended the prisoner at the bar, on the 22d of December; I found upon her, a table spoon broke, two tea-spoons, a pair of silver tea-tongs, part of a silver bottle label, upon which the word Sherry had been, She remained upon it, and fifteen counterfeit shillings; I found nothing else relative to this charge, (produces the property); I apprehended her in Compton-street, upon another business; I found these things in her left-hand pocket.
Cross-examined by Mr. Agar. Q. This was on the 22d, a week after the robbery? - A. Yes; she said, that she came by them honestly; but the marks could not be sworn to.
Q. You know the prosecutor, in this case, offered a reward of thirty guineas? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you not received any part of that? - A. No.
Q. Not fifteen guineas? - A. No.
Q.But you expect it in this case? - A. I do.
Mr. Gurney. (To Oldham). Q. Are there sufficient remaining of the marks for you to know that they are your property? - A. There are upon all, except the bottle label.
Court. Q. What are the marks? - A. T E O; I have some more of the same sort, (produces both table and tea-spoons); there is one of the tea-spoons that I know from another mark, having met with an accident, it was bent in the bowl, and has been since straitened.
Mr. Gurney. (To 
               
                  Ann
                   Hornsby
               



            ). Q. Look at these spoons? - A. I know this spoon that was bent very well, it is Mr. Oldham's; I know it by the marks in the bowl.
Mr. Agar. Q. You were not so positive before the Magistrate? - A. Yes; I said, there, it was the same.
Court. When the question is asked, it is right to state, that the examination is here, that she did say she was sure it was her master's.
The prisoner left her defence to her Counsel, and called four witnesses, who gave her a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing goods, value 39s.
             (Aged 26).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
