





291. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Tucker
                        




                     
                   upon the King's highway, on the 4th of June
 last, and putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, with the inside case made of silver, and the outside case covered with tortoiseshell, value 50 s. a steel chain, value 6 d. and a steel key, value 1 d. his property
            .
(The witnesses examined separate, by the prisoner's desire.)


                  JOHN
                   TUCKER
               



             sworn.
I was robbed on Whitsun Saturday, going to market, with a basket under my arm, to buy a little bit of meat for my family, in Fleet-market; between eleven and twelve, I came to Parker's-street


; in the corner of it a young fellow came in blue clothes and snatched my watch out of my pocket; I ran after him above a hundred yards; I caught him by the clothes; says I, you've stole my watch; he says no; directly the man knocked me down backwards, and there was I crying murder and stop thief, your honour; and several came, and said, where is he, the thief, the blackguard; I can say no more, for I was very faint; I found my basket again; I had only a couple of shillings, and he took the watch without saying any thing to me; I never had my watch again; I saw the man when he took my watch, and when I laid hold of him.
Which is the man? - That is the gentleman there, your honour.
Prisoner. Upon my examinations before a magistrate, that man swore to losing a watch with a shagreen outside case and metal box, and I am indicted differently here.
Court. See if there be any such examinations.
Court to Prosecutor. Describe the watch. - Your honour, I made a mistake in the shagreen case, I found it out afterwards; it is tortoiseshell; it was a metal watch gilt; I cannot tell the number; the inside case was silver.


                  SAMUEL
                   SIMPSON
               



            .
Prisoner. Please to ask the boy if he knows the nature of an oath, before he is sworn.
Court. Do you know why you are sworn? - No, Sir.
Do you know the nature of an oath at all? - Why, Sir, if I tell the truth, I shall go to heaven; but if I tell a lie, I shall go to hell, Sir. (Sworn.) I was going to-bed, and I heard this gentleman cry murder! and I heard the cry, hold this gentleman; and I held this gentleman while 
               
                  Thomas
                   Williams
               



             ran away; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Williams
               



             said to 
               
                  Edward
                   Curry
               



            , d - n your eyes, why don't you hold him; and Williams ran away; I am sure of that.



                  CHARLES
                   MORGAN 
               



            sworn.
I belong to St. Giles's watch-house: on Saturday, Whitsun eve, the prosecutor came in crying, and by his description we knew the prisoner; I took him the 16th of June, in Russel-street, and he was committed.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
I only assisted in searching him.


                  THEOPHILUS
                   BUTCHER
               



             sworn.
I assisted in apprehending him.
Prisoner. My lord, I believe this boy has been bribed to take my life away falsely.




               GUILTY, but not of the robbery
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
