





142. 
               AUGUSTINE


             (a Mulatto
) was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of December
, a table clock, value 20 s
            . the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Le Brun
                  




               
            .
(An interpreter.)


                  FRANCIS
                   LE BRUN
               



             sworn.
I live in King-street, Golden-square; Augustine was not a servant of mine, he came from time to time, he went there to eat as I keep an eating-house; I lost a table clock the 15th of December, Saturday; I did not see the prisoner take it, I saw him there an hour after the clock was taken between eight and nine in the morning, it was brought by the pawnbroker; it was kept in my eating parlour; I had not seen Augustine in the house that morning before the clock was taken; I saw him about an hour after, he came into the house of his own accord, he came there generally as he used to do, to eat and drink, and I had no suspicion; it was a pendulum clock that I lost, which winds up every day, a table clock, it remained on the chimney piece; the pawnbroker has the clock.
JONATHAN BAKER sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I live in Berwick-street, Oxford-road; I know the prisoner perfectly, he has pawned things with me at various times, he pawned the the table clock on Saturday the 15th of December between nine and ten o'clock in the morning; I gave a duplicate, he had 12 s. on it; I asked him how he came by it? he said, it was not his, it was his father and mothers', they give it him to pawn; the owner came about three days after it was pawned; he said, he knew the clock, and I took it to the justice's, and have kept it ever since. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. I went to dine and breakfast with that gentleman, and I met a frenchman whose name is Mitchell, whom I had met several times at the prosecutor's, I met him in Portland-street, he had a clock, he asked me where I was going? I said, I was going to breakfast; the frenchman told me he had no money, and that he had had that clock and he was desirous of pawning it; he told me if you will pawn it for me I will be obliged to you; he came with me to the pawnbroker's and waited at the door; I went into the pawnbroker's and pawned the clock for 12 s. I went out of the pawnbroker's and gave the frenchman the 12 s. in the street; he told me to keep the duplicate as it expressed that when I carried back the 12 s. to the pawnbroker's he would be entitled to it again; I put the ticket into my own pocket, Mitchell told me to do it; I lived eight years at No. 1, Holborn.
Q. Have you taken any pains to find Mitchell? - I don't know where helived, I had seen him several times at the place where we eat; I have nobody here, but if the court would send to No. 1, Holborn, the master would give me a character.
Court to Le Brun. Do you know a man of the name of Mitchell? - I cannot recollect any person particularly of that name.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
