





540. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     PULLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of August
, a cotton gown, value 10s. a calimanco petticoat, value 8s. a flannel petticoat, value 1s. a linen petticoat, value 1s. a pair of stays, value 10s. a cloth cloak, value 5s. a linen apron, value 1s. five muslin aprons, value 5s. two cotton half-handkerchiefs, value 1s. six muslin caps, value 2s. a linen table-cloth, value 1s. two muslin handerchiefs, value 2s. a dimity frock, value 1s. and a linen frock,value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Pullen
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   PULLEN
               



             sworn.
I married the prisoner's father; the prisoner, was in town in service for any thing I know; I was married to him two years and a quarter, and I have buried him a year the 15th of March.
Q. Whose were these things before you were married? - A. My own.
Q. Are none of them her own mother's? - A. No; I lost them the 19th of August; I was atwork two miles off, and I was fetched out of the field between three and four o'clock, and told that my house was broke open; the hogs were found in the house.
Q. You have not lived upon good terms with your daughter-in-law? - A. No; I have not seen her but once since my husband died.
Q. How old is she? - A. Nineteen; I got her in place just before he died; and when he died I could not find her, she was gone from that place, and I could not find her to come to her father's funeral; my things were in boxes.
Q. Are you sure these were not her mother's? - A. I am very sure of it; they were all my own long before I knew her father.
Q. Why do you accuse your daughter? - A. Because I found some of the property upon her.
Q. Where were you married to her father? - A. In the parish of Harrow.
Q. You are sure you were his lawful wife? - A. Yes; the person that married me lives at Harrow now.
Q. When you married her father, did not she live with her father? - A. Yes.
Q. What was her father? - A. A labouring man; he worked in the barn at threshing.
Q. How soon did you get rid of her? - A. In about a twelvemonth.
Q. You never agreed, I suppose? - A. No.
Q. You exercised the authority of a mother over her, I suppose? - A. She never called me mother.
Q. But you used to call her daughter; to beat her, I suppose? - A. No; she has beat me.
- sworn.
I found these things upon the prisoner, (produces them); I knew this woman's husband very well.
Q. Do you know that they were married? - A. Yes.
Q. You know nothing of these being her own property? - A. No; I am afraid she has got into a bad connection, but I hope her morals will be mended after this.
Court. A jail is a bad school for mending morals.
Jury. Q. How long has her mother been dead? - A. I believe about six years; I was at that time master of the workhouse; they were miserable creatures; they were indeed, when the mother died.


                  ROBERT
                   DOZELL
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, (produces a gown, two petticoats, a cloak, and two aprons): I took them in of two women; one of them attended at Bow-street, and was admitted an evidence, but has never appeared since.
Jury. (To the Prosecutrix.) Q. Did you ever lend her any cloaths to appear clean and decent in? - A. Yes.
Q. After that did she ever take them without your consent, and then you have seen them upon her and said nothing against it? - A. Never; I took care of that; because I always made her put her own things on again.(The prisoner's defence read by Mr. Shelton.)
"Sir,"My own mother, on her death-bed, begged of my own father, to give me her clothes, which he did not; but soon after her death cohabited with this woman; she beat me cruelly, and turned me out of doors the first night she came to my father's room, and never would suffer me to come within doors; my father lived near three years after her death; I saw my dear mother's clothes; I took a gown of my mother's; she sent for an officer and had me taken up; I have been in prison five weeks, and no friend to help me; this is the truth indeed; I am innocent of every thing that she lays to my charge."
Jury. (To the master of the workhouse.) Q. Do you suppose her capable of writing such a defence as that? - A. She is very subtle and artful indeed; and it was through her that another girl was put in prison for robbing her of things that did not exist, and Mr. Bond released the girl; when I went into the lodgings where she was, there, were sixteen women and nine men in the same room; I would not have gone in by himself for a hat full of money.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
