





518. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 15th of August
, three pewter pint pots, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Baker
                  




               
            .


                  ISAAC
                   BAKER
               



             sworn. - I keep the Malpas arms, in Charles-street, Grosvenor-square




: On the morning of the 15th of August, about nine o'clock, the prisoner was brought to my house, charged with stealing three pint pots of mine; a witness in court saw him take them.


                  WILLIAM
                   MANN
               



             sworn. - I draw beer at Mr. Baker's; I was gathering pots in Grosvenor-square about nine in the morning of the 15th of August; I brought three pint pots from Lord Grey's; I set them down at Lady Dashford's door upon the stone steps where the house was repairing; I did not see them taken, but when I had information of it, I went after the prisoner and caught him; he had got to the bottom of Mount-street when I came up with him; he did not run, but was walking as fast as he could; I took him, and brought him back to my master's and he threw the three pots out of a piece of green baize upon our toes; he put his hands together, and begged forgiveness; my master pulled out a shilling, and marked the bottom of the pots with a cross.
Q. Are you sure these pots are your master's? - A. Yes, they have his name upon them.


                  JOHN
                   BRIDGE
               



             sworn. - I am a shoemaker; I was coming across Grosvenor-square, I saw the prisoner go up to the pots and throw a piece of green baize over them, and take them up between his hands and carry them off; I told the boy of it; he was in the house that was repairing; he asked me which way he was gone; I came down to the corner; he was then in sight of us; I shewed him that that was the man just going round the corner; I followed the boy, and came up just as he took him; I am sure it was the same man. (The pots were produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I was going along, and picked them up in the street; I was going to carry them home to the public-house when they came after me. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 55.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
