





317. 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     DODDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of February
, in the parish of St. Mildred's


, six pair of childrens cotton stockings, value 5 s. two pair of women's cotton stockings, value 3 s. six yards of Irish linen cloth, value 5 s. two yards of printed cotton, value 3 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Deane
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   DEANE
               



             sworn.
The prisoner lived servant
 with me about five weeks; on the 16th of February, the prisoner was in the kitchen, on Tuesday with me; she left me, as I supposed, to go to the parlour; and she went into the shop; from a sky light, I could see the parlour door: not seeing her go there, I went down, and saw the prisoner examining a parcel of goods behind my counter, a parcel of prints; she likewise examined a parcel of handkerchiefs; I saw her move very quick, a though she saw me: I taxed her with robbing me; she cried, and gave me some things which she had, and said they were all; the paper she gave me, I knew not where she took them: she produced one paper of women's cotton stockings, but when I talked of searching her, she pulled out another paper, containing six pair of childrens stockings, from her pocket; Mrs. Deane then insisted upon searching her box; she threw down the keys, and in her box was two remnants of Irish; which have my private mark; a remnant of cotton, which has my private mark; the constable hath kept them ever since.
- FENNER sworn.
I produce some articles given me by the prosecutor.
(Deposed to by the Prosecutor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
He claims a right to things not his own.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
