





511. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of August
, a quart pewter pot, value 10d. a pint pewter pot, value 6d.
             the goods of


                  Daniel 
                  Reeves
               




            .
DANIEL REEVES sworn.
I am a publican
, I live in Castle-street


, Long-acre. On Tuesday the 5th of August, about half after eight, as near as I can recollect, in the morning, I heard a calling, Mr. Reeves! Mr. Reeves! here is a woman stealing your pots; I immediately went to the door, and I saw Mrs. Russell, who was the woman that called, she said, there she goes up the street, she has got some of your pots; I ran after her, she turned up Hanover street, and she took the pots and slung them into the passage of the White Bear; I did not see her sling them from her; but I heard them fall, and the gentleman is here in whose house she slung them; and he picked them up, and gave them to me; I pursued the woman, and took her about two houses further; I brought her back to my own house, I sent for a constable, and delivered them up to his care; I did not lose sight of her at all; that is the woman.


                  SARAH
                   RUSSELL
               



             sworn.
I was going out it the door to take down the shurter, and I had taken down one shutter, and I met the prisoner coming out of our passage with the pots in her apron, and I asked her what she wanted there? she said she had been to a gentleman in the first floor; I looked in her apron, and I saw both the pots; I held her by the arm, but she wrestled off my hand, and I called Mr. Reeves, and he came out, and followed her, I followed, but Mr. Reeves was before me.
Prisoner. I was coming down the court, and they said, that I had got some pots, and I had no such property when I was taken; I know nothing at all about it; the gentleman sent me word that he would have nothing to do with it, he did not think I was the person, and so I have not sent for any body.
Mr. Reeves. They are my pots.


                  Q. 
               


            What is the value of them? - Sixteen-pence.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
