





696. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CLIFFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, a pewter pint pot, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Steward
                  







                  JOHN
                   STEWARD
               



             sworn.
The property was taken out of the prisoner's pocket by the watchman.


                  ROBERT
                   LEMAIRE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. On the 27th of September the prisoner was brought to the watch-house on a charge by 
               
                  Robert
                   Stewart
               



            , the watchman; the property had been taken out of the prisoner's pocket before she was brought into the watch-house; it was the watchman that, I believe, took it out of her pocket; I think I received the pot of the watchman and have kept them in my possession ever since.


                  ROBERT
                   STEWART
               



             sworn.
I am the watchman. The prisoner past me on Friday night, or early on Saturday morning, between twelve and one, and she happened to have her apron full of bread; I asked her where she got it? She said over the way; I rather reflected on myself for letting her pass; so I followed her to the Queen's Head, the watering house, Bishopsgate-street, where she was talking to the waterman, and turning herself about I spies a pint pot stick out of her pocket; I said to the waterman, this woman is a pot stealer, for here is a pint pot sticking out of her pocket, and I took her to the watch-house strait, without ever letting her go away.
Steward. I keep the sign of the Paul Pinder




; the pots are marked G. E. the cypher of the gentleman's name that kept the house before I came to it; I can swear to the pot.
Prisoner. I had the pint pot out of his house full of beer, and I met a poor woman that was ill and wanted a coach, and had this bread to carry; I went to the coachman to speak to him, and this man, the watchman, came up, and he spoke something that I did not like; I spoke rough to him, I had the pint-pot by my side, intending to return it as soon as I got the poor woman into the coach; then he took me back to this man's house and he said he would have me transported if it cost him the bed from under him; I had been but one month up from Cambridge. The gentleman said, at my first hearing, that the pint pot was worth half a crown.
Court to Steward. Do you remember that woman being at your house? - No.
Q. Do you let people carry away pots? - No, nobody but my constant customers.
Prisoner. I have no relations nor friends; I have been five weeks in prison all but two days.
Prosecutor. They were pots that I never send out to any body, they cost me three shillings a pint.




               GUILTY
            . (Aged 29.)
Recommended by the Jury.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
