





495. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HARDWICKE, otherwise 
TAYLOR




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of July
, three pair of silk stockings, value 32s. and pair of cotton drawers, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Thresher
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner).


                  RICHARD
                   THRESHER
               



             sworn. - The prisoner came into my shop, on Tuesday, the 17th of July, between the hours of three and four, and a woman with him; she asked to look at some cotton stockings; I shewed her one parcel, which did not suit her; I then produced another bundle, and she made choice of one pair, which were paid for, five shillings; just at that moment came on a violent shower of rain and a thunder storm; they were very well dressed, the man had not the appearance then that he has now; I asked them if they would stay till the rain was over, which they accepted; I quitted the counter, and went to my desk. In a very short time after, my nephew, who is my shopman, came round to me, and wrote upon a piece of paper, that the prisoner at the bar had pocketed some silk stockings; I asked him, if he was sure of the fact, he said, he was. The man and woman both drew towards the door, it then rained very hard; one was standing on one side the door, and the other on the other; I told them, they had better stop till the rain was over; the man said, no, he did not mind a little rain, and was in the act of moving off; upon which, I took hold of him by the collar, and pulled him into the shop; he, at that instant, turned his back to the counter, and pulled these goods out of his pocket, I saw him pull them out; there are three pair of silk stockings and a pair of cotton drawers, which I am sure are my property; the silk stockings are my own manufacture, there is my name in them; and the drawers I know, because they tally exactly with the quantity that I had of this quality. The counters were a good deal confused at the time, and there were a number of stockings upon them. He made a great deal of resistance, broke my shin in two places; he could not escape that way, and he ran up stairs, threw up the window, and got in at my next door neighbour's. We sent for assistance from Bow-street, and he was taken.
Cross-examined by the Prisoner. Q. Were there any other people in the shop at the time? - A. Yes; two gentlemen that had been giving me an order for the Indies, they were the sons of Mr. Cooper, of Southampton-buildings; there was likewise a lady, of Argyle-street, whom I know perfectly; she saw the whole of the transaction.
Q. Were there any other things upon the opposite counter? - A. No stockings.
Q. Did I not buy the cotton stockings? - A. No.
Q. Did I not give you half-a-guinea, and receive five shillings and sixpence in change? - A. I cannot say whether the half-guinea came from the prisoner's pocket, or the woman's.
Court. Q. Which pocket did he take them out of? - A. I cannot say positively, it was so instantaneous, that I cannot say, I believe he put his hand in both pockets, but I am positive he took them out of either one pocket or the other.


                  JOHN
                   THRESHER
               



             sworn. - I came home about three o'clock, I saw the prisoner there, and knowing his face, and having missed things after he had been gone, I watched him, and saw him put three pair of silk stockings into his pocket; upon which, I immediately informed Mr. Thresher, by a note; if I had spoke, he must have heard me; by that time, the prisoner was gone outside of the door, with the stockings in his pocket; Mr. Thresher then laid hold of him, and told him, he had got some things that he should not have, and pulled him into the shop; he wanted to be searched; I told him, it was of no use to be searched, for I had seen what he had taken. We immediately sent for a constable to secure him; and he struck me several times, in attempting to get from us.
Cross-examined by the Prisoner. Q. Did you not say, before the Magistrate, that you could not swear that you saw me take them out of my pocket? - A. I did not see you take them out of your pocket, I saw them immediately after they were pulled out. I am positive I saw him put them in his pocket.


                  PHILIP
                   FIRMIN
               



             sworn. - I live next door to Mr. Thresher: On Tuesday, the 17th, between three and four, the prisoner came in at my front window up one pair of stairs; I was at dinner; I met him on the stairs, he appeared very much confused; I got him into the counting-house, and there we secured him; he resisted very much, and gave himself many unnecessary airs; it was with great difficulty that we secured him.
Prisoner's defence. I had been drinking a great deal; I have had a fractured skull twice, and my brain is affected at times.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before The LORD CHIEF BARON.
