





634. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     DORNTON otherwise 
COULSTON otherwise 
JAMES MATTHEWS otherwise 
Captain WHITE





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, half a guinea and ten shillings and six-pence in monies numbered
            ; the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bayliss
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BAYLISS
               



             sworn.
I keep the Three Queens at Brentford




, I know the prisoner at the bar; I think it was on Friday the 19th of July, he came into the yard and asked if he could have the room that he had before, he had been there a few days before in a phaeton and pair, and a servant; he then had the uniform of a midshipman; he was told that he could, and he ordered a dinner, and after that he ordered the hair dresser to be sent for, and just before the hair dresser had done he called for change of a guinea, and his answer was that he should give the guinea when he went up stairs; my wife gave the money to the waiter, but I was in the bar at the same time, the change was half a guinea and half a guinea's worth of silver; he went up stairs and put on his coat, and ordered his bill, and said he should leave his horse there all night, and ordered the chaise to London; he said he should leave the horse there all night, and should call for it; the saddle was to be taken to the sadler's, and he left us to go to the sadler's under pretence of giving orders for the saddle; he said he should be back directly; in about three quarters of an hour I went to the sadler's, and found that he had been and sold the saddle instead of giving any orders about it; we never see him till afterwards, we see him at Bow-street when he was taken up on another account; on the 22d, three days afterwards, I was summoned to Bow-street with respect to the horse; he acknowledged having received the change in the coach that he was taken to Bow-street in.

Prisoner. I was not dressed in midshipman's dress? - It was a blue turned up with white, and the button holes worked.
Prisoner. I was intoxicated when I left this house. I leave it to your mercy.
Prosecutor. I did not see that he was.
Court to Prosecutor. What name did he pass by with you? - Dornton.
Q. Did he pay you for what he had before, the first time? - He did.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
