





45. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WILKINSON
                  , otherwise 
SMITH





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of November
, a cambric cap, value 3s. 6d. and seven yards and a half of lace, value 15s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Bouler
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JANE
                   BOULER
               



             sworn. - I keep a piece broker's and sale-shop
, in Holiwell-street, in the parish of St. Clement's.


 On Monday, the 28th of November, the prisoner at the bar came into the shop, and asked me if I had got a child's cap to sell; I shewed her one, she said, that would not do; she asked me if I had any more, as she wanted them when she had money to buy them; I shewed her three or four, and she picked out one, I told her the price, and she agreed to have it; she asked me if I had any edging, like lace, to put round it; I shewed her two remnants of edging, I told her it would take a yard and a quarter to go round the cap, and that it was two shillings and three-pence a yard; while I was going to measure it, she asked me how much it would come to; before I had reckoned it up, I perceived her put her right-arm under her apron, and lean herself upon the counter, seemingly as if she was very tired; when I told her what it came to, she turned sharp round by the counter, and made towards the door; perceiving that, and not paying the money, I looked for the first remnant of edging, and I missed it and the cap; the cap cost me three shillings and sixpence, there is seven yards and a half of the lace.


                  Q. 
               


            That was not the lace she was bargaining for? - A. No; they were both on the counter at the time she was there, she had been looking at them; seeing her run to the door, and open it with her right-hand, I had suspicions; I ran from behind the counter and caught hold of her shoulders before she got out of the shop, I pushed her to the farther end of the shop; then I perceived her, with her left-hand, throw something away which was white; I returned to the door, and on the threshold, I picked up the remnant of lace, and on the step of the door, the cap.
Q. When she threw away something with her left-hand was that in the direction to the door? - A. Yes; she threw it out as if she meant to throw it on the threshold; I talked to her, and was very much vexed; I detained her and had her committed; I took up the lace and the cap, I have kept it ever since; the lace is worth fifteen shillings, I gave that for it; the articles are both as good as when I bought them.
Q. At the time her hand was leaning on the place, did you perceive her taking any thing? - A. I saw it by her hand, I thought she was pregnant.
Q. Did you perceive, by the motion of her hand, that she was taking any thing? - A. She was only leaning on her arm, there was nobody but her and me in the shop, it was between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, she gave no account of it.
Q. Is there any thing about it by which you know it? - A. Yes, the quantity of it; I had cut some off that morning, I know it by the figure and the flower that leads from one to the other; I know the cap to be my property by the work, the spot, and the size, I bought it about three weeks ago, and pinned it up in the window.


                  JAMES
                   TALBOY
               



             sworn. - I am one of the officers of St. Clement's, I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody; I searched her, and found nothing upon her but a bad shilling, and some halfpence, and about six duplicates.
Q. (To Mrs. Bouler.) What was the price of the things she was to purchase of you? - A. Seven shillings and three-pence.

Prisoner's defence. I am a mantua-maker; I was going to Tooke's-court; going along, I saw this cap; I said, I wanted it for my sister's child, and should want it altered; I asked her the price of it, she said, 7s. 3d.; I said, it was too much, and bid her a good night; she took me into the parlour and pulled me about, and went into the shop; there were some things lying about; she brought in the lace and cap, and said, I had stole them; I said, I would send to my friends, and they would inform her I was no such person; instead of that, she sent for a constable.
Q. (To the prosecutrix.) Did she say it was for her sister's child? - A. No.
The prisoner called three witnesses who had known her many years, and gave her a good character.
GUILTY
Of 


               stealing to the value of 4s. 6d.
             (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
