






158. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     MILLION
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     REDFORD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, six live hens, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Hundley
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   HUNDLEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Red-lion-market


. I fastened in these six fowls, the night of the robbery.


                  JOHN
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I went to the prisoners room: they live near Green-arbour-court, St. Luke's; I heard one say to the other, we must get up, it is half past five, we shall not be there at six; and they called to a girl to make them a bag, and that she must get up and go with them; and what the bag would not hold, she must bring home alive in her lap; they all three, the two prisoners and the girl, came out of the room together; they came towards this market; I followed them down; I lost sight of them; I saw them again going out of the market with the fowls in their hand; Million had the bag; we followed them to Play-house-yard again; we did not understand what they said; I spoke to a patrol, and we took them: Million had the fowls in his hand; says I, Million, what have you there? says he, fowls; says I, put them down, or I will cut you down directly; the other man had nothing, and said nothing; these are the six fowls.


                  PETER
                   READ
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol; at six in the morning, I saw the two prisoners come out of Red-lion-market, with the property on them; I pursued, and took them; Million had the fowls; I delivered them to the owner, after the hearing; it was about four hours after; I heard them converse together before I took them.
(The fowls deposed to.)
PRISONER MILLION's DEFENCE.
I got up at about a quarter before six; I went to call this young fellow; we were going to Fleet-market to buy some apples: he left me in Golden-lane; and in White-cross-street, I saw a bag sticking at the corner of the post, and one of the fowls jumped up, and it jumped in again; I took it, and went to this young fellow's house again.
PRISONER REDFORD's DEFENCE.
I met this young fellow in Golden-lane: and as I was going home, the patrol laid hold of me.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
