





714. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PROSSER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
, one leather pocket-book, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Brander
               




            .


                  ALEXANDER
                   BRANDER
               



             sworn.
I lost my pocket-book in Throgmorton-street


; I am clerk to an orange merchant
, in Thames-street, Mr. 
               
                  Alexander
                   Brander
               



            , I am his nephew; I had some business in Lombard-street; I came up that street, and in Lawrence-lane, as I came down Cateaton-street into Lothbury, and had just got into Broad-street, a constable called after me; his name is Johnson; I returned, and saw the pocket-book taken out of the pocket of one Swinburne; Swinburne was carried before the Lord Mayor, and Prosser was taken afterwards in the street; it was my pocket-book; it was in my right coat-pocket; I did not perceive it taken; I never saw the prisoner till I saw him at Guildhall.


                  GABRIEL
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner pick Mr. Brander's pocket, the 18th of October, on Monday,between twelve and one, in Throgmorton-street; I saw the prisoner, and two more, following Mr. Brander; I followed after, and just at the end of Throgmorton-street, before he came to Broad-street, I saw Prosser put his hand into Mr. Brander's right-hand pocket, and pull out his pocket-book; he gave it into the hands of one Swinburne; I took him in possession afterwards with the pocket-book; Prosser made off; I called to the prosecutor, and shewed him the book; he claimed it as his property; it was not above half an hour, for they followed Mr. Brander down Lombard-street, and stopped at a banking-house door, while he went in and came out again; they following him along Lothbury and Throgmorton-street; I several times observed his face; he had a round hat on: I have not the least doubt but he is the man.


                  CHARLES
                   SHIPLEY
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner, with Johnson, at a publick-house, near Hyde-Park, the day of the review, which was last Wednesday: Johnson knew him immediately: he was put into a coach, and we were directly surrounded by a mob, with mud: they opened the coach door, and one swore damn his eyes if he should go; and he said to them, gentlemen, be quiet.
Johnson. I had a pair of hand-cuffs on him at that time.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Johnson took Swinburne with the book upon him: the Lord-Mayor thought fit to dismiss him to go to sea: he ran away, and then this man laid hold of me: I went on, and said, what do you want? he immediately said, you rascal, hold your tongue. I am entirely innocent.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
