





391. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STOCKBRIDGE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March
, one watch, with a metal case, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Reeve
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            .


                  THOMAS
                   REEVE
               



             sworn.
On the 1st of March, I was going into the Temple. As I went along the Strand


, about one o'clock, when I came to the corner of Milford-lane, there was a mob that seemed to press down; I stood still,in order to let the mob go down; when the prisoner came and stood by the side of me, there were some before me about two yards, and some behind me about one yard and a half; and I felt my watch slip out of my pocket; and the prisoner immediately ran away into the middle of the mob, with his right hand held up, and closed; I immediately pursued him into the mob, and caught hold of him, and said give me that watch; he replied, what? Sir; I was immediately forced away by the mob, and obliged to quit my hold; they made way for him, and he ran up the Strand; I was prevented from following him; then I staid to get him by the carriage-way, but some of them pushed me under a horse; I never got my watch; I saw him standing about ten minutes; I got assistance, and came up with him in Essex-street; there was a gang of thirty, whom I believe to be his companions; then he put himself into a posture of defence; and said, now, damn you, what will you do? he was secured.
This was at mid-day, one o'clock? - Yes, noon-day.
At the time you lost your watch, did you see any motion in him? - I was looking to see him, and he ran away, as I felt my watch slip out of my pocket.
Did you see him move his hand?
Prisoner. I have good people to my character; and I have a good shop in Lombard-court.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing, not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Lord KENYON.
