






54. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILLIS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAILEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of January
, a wooden boat, value 8 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Haywood
                  




               
            .
A second Count, For stealing 6 Cwt. of hemp, value 4 l. the property of persons unknown.
(The case opened by Mr. Knapp.)
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  WILLIAM
                   COMYN
               



             sworn.
I am master of the boat Eliza, belonging to the ship Eliza


, which belongs to 
               
                  Robert
                   Haywood
               



            , Esq
; of the Isle of Man; the boat was fastened; we went down about half past seven to take our supper; at past eight we missed the boat; the boat was the property of Mr. Haywood.


                  THOMAS
                   KELLY
               



             sworn.
I was on board the Eliza; I made the boat fast myself; I went down to supper; the boat was made fast about six, and missed passed eight; I did not come up; 
               
                  Robert
                   Lewin
               



             came up; one end of the painter was in the boat, and the other is fast on board ship yet; I believe the other end of the painter was cut.


                  JOHN
                   PATERSON
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman, a patrol to prevent thieves robbing the boats; I was on the river the 2d of January, between eight and ten; it was slack water; we were rowing up; I bowed the boat; my master said, here comes a towing match; two men were towing; one of our people chucked me into the boat of the ship, to take care of it, when I came up with the wherry; we carriedthe hemp into Mr. Climber's house; I believe there was six hundred and a half of hemp; we left the boat at our boat-builder's; Eliza was wrote on the stem of the boat; I do not know who the two men were that were towing.


                  WILLIAM
                   CLIMBER
               



             sworn.
I remember being on the river the 2d of January last, about half after seven or eight; we went out, and in rowing up the river, one of my men said, master, here is a towing match; I turned, and saw a boat at a distance, and there were the two prisoners drawing a ship's boat; I am sure of the prisoners, I knew them before; I went close to them; we secured the boat, and pursued them, and never lost sight of them; Willis had the rope over his left arm, Bailey was pulling the sculls; when I saw him come so close, I saw him chuck the rope from his arm, and away they rowed; I pursued them as soon as I could wind the boat round; I never lost sight of them till they shot round the tier; then I saw Willis jump out of the boat, and I lost sight of him all at once; I then pursued Bailey, and there was a boat stopped; I am conscious he is the person; one of the other witnesses brought Willis all over wet; there were sixty odd heads of hemp, that is, six hundred and a half in all; the boat had the name of Eliza on the stern.
Court. Has Comyn seen that boat since? - He saw it the next morning.
Court to Comyn. Was the boat you saw the next morning the boat you lost? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow, prisoner Willis's Counsel. Have you been long used to the river? - Yes, ever since I was nine years old.
Sometimes you pick up a boat on drift? - Yes; then we take her and secure her to the nearest place.


                  WILLIAM
                   PIERCE
               



             sworn.
I was at Union-stairs between nine and ten in the evening; I heard a cry of stop thief! I went into my boat; I saw a boat coming up to Union-stairs; I stopped it, and it was Bailey; he was taken into custody; he knew me, and called me by my name, and said, do not stop me; I said I would; he said, let me go; I said, I cannot; he replied, you are a bloody rogue.


                  THOMAS
                   LONGHURST
               



             sworn.
I was present at the taking of Bailey, and I saw somebody splashing in the water, and trying to get under the ship's bottom; he proceeded on; all at once I missed him; then I saw his chin level with the water, and his hat came off; the young man that was with me took hold of him, and we hauled him into the boat; that was 
               
                  James
                   Willis
               



            ; he asked me what he had done; I said I could not tell him, but we would let him know presently; we delivered them to an officer.
Court to Comyn. What sort of a rope was it that fastened the boat to the ship? - It was a tolerable good rope.
Prisoner Willis. I have nothing to say.
Prisoner Bailey. I leave it to my counsel.
Mr. Garrow to Willis. If you have any story to tell, you must tell it yourself; I cannot tell it for you.
PRISONER WILLIS's DEFENCE.
On Monday night I was going to Gravesend; I hired this man as a waterman; we came up to a fish-boat, and they told us there was a boat with something in her; the master of the boat called to us; says he, there is a boat with something in, pick her up, and take her to shore; so immediately the waterman gave me hold of the rope, and I held it till this man came, and began to halloo out, stop thief! then I let go immediately.
(The prisoner Willis called seven witnesses, who gave him a good character.)
(The prisoner Bailey called two witnesses to his character.)
Court to Comyn. You know nothing of the hemp? - No, nor who it belonged to.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.





[Transportation. See summary.]


