





481. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of August
, three pair of worsted stockings, value 2s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mac Dowell
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   MAC DOWELL
               



             sworn.
On the 17th of August, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, I was in the back part of my shop, I live at No. 118, Tottenham-court-road


, I heard something, went to the door, and saw the watchman bringing the prisoner to my shop door.


                  JAMES
                   TIMSON
               



             sworn.
I am sergeant of the night. As I was on my duty, near ten o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner standing by the window of 
               
                  Mac
                   Dowell
               



            's shop, which occasioned me to stop a little while to see what he was after; I then saw him put his arm in and take a bundle; with so doing I ran up to him, in order to take hold of him; he ran into the road and threw the bundle down; I laid hold of the prisoner and brought him into the shop; some people of the mob picked up the bundle and gave it to me; I have got the bundle, it is three pair of stockings. The prisoner begged I would send him to sea, or for a soldier; I told him it was not in my power to do it. He was given intothe hands of a constable; I have the stockings.
Q. Did you charge him with taking them? - Yes.
Prosecutor. I know these stockings to be mine, by the mark, the price, I put on them, when I put them in the window.


                  WILLIAM
                   WHITEMAN
               



             sworn.
I was the constable of the night; the stockings were given into my custody at the magistrate's, and I was ordered to take care of them, and they have been in my custody till now.
Jury to Timson. Did he break the glass, or take them out at the shop door? - He reached his arm in at the shop door.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 15.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
