





428. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of October
, twenty pounds weight of mottled soap, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jesse 
                     Russel
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  JESSE
                   RUSSELL
               



            , Esq; sworn.
I have lost soap many times from the manufactory, it is in Goodman's-yard, Minories


; the prisoner was a servant
 of mine, he worked in the manufactory. I set a servant to watch the prisoner.


                  THOMAS
                   PARRY
               



             sworn.
I work for Mr. Russell, I found this soap under the manger in the stable, and shewed it to my master, it was about twelve o'clock last Monday week; there was straw over it. Master told me to put it there again, which I did; he told me to watch, I did so: this man came into the stable about five o'clock. He was going out of the gate, after doing up his horse, I stopped him, and he took it out of his pocket. I sent for our clerk, the prisoner took a cake out of his pocket, he delivered it to the clerk; the clerk gave it him back again, and then the officer came, and took him into custody. After the prisoner left the stable I went to look if there was any soap missing from the manger, it was gone.


                  ROBERT
                   BRETCLIFFE
               



             sworn.
I am a headborough, I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; he was accused by Mr. Russell's clerk of stealing soap, I took him to the watch-house, I searched him, and found 10 lb. of soap in his breeches; I went to his lodgings, and found 12 1/2 lb. of soap. I do not in my own knowledge know that it was the prisoner's apartment, but he told me it was, and so did Mrs. Beard, his landlady; the soap was in a closet in his room. The soap now produced is the same which I took out of his breeches; he had a pair of trowsers over his breeches, there might be some in a side pocket.
Parry. I cannot say.


                  RICHARD
                   MANSFIELD
               



             sworn.
I am an officer at Whitechapel, I searched the prisoner; he took two pieces out of his side pocket; he said he had no more, but I took more from his breeches. This is the soap I took from the prisoner.
Prosecutor. I believe the soap to be mine, the quantity is too great to be missed, but having found this hid, it created a suspicion.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say, but to beg the mercy of the Court and Jury.
The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 59.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
