






344. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WARDLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of May
, twelve Russia mats, value 30s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hughes
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I live at Mill bank, Westminster


; I lost a dozen of Russia mats; they were taken off of the crop in the garden, in the night; I came home about half after twelve the next day; I met the man who I left watch the premises, who informed me that I had been robbed, and the man was then in the watch-house. I see twelve mats at seven o'clock the evening the same night.
Q. Do you know whether them mats were your's? - No, I cannot swear to that.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROWLEY
               



             sworn.
I was employed by Mr. Hughes to watch his ground, in the night of the 30th of May, I happened to see this man; he was wrapping up a parcel of mats; and on my coming up, he ran away; and I told him, if he did not stop I would blow his brains out; and I came up and took him into custody, and took him into St. Martin's watch-house.
Q. He was taken in the garden? - Yes.
Q. Was he in a place where the mats were placed over the glasses? - No; in a different part of the garden, where there should be no mats. Before my master came home I missed six from one part of the ground, and Mr. Hughes missed six more from another part of the ground, what I knew nothing about; the six that I missed had been on the glasses.
Q. How far had he carried them when you see him bundling them up? - I suppose about eighty yards.
Prisoner. I was coming that way, and I see three people come out of the garden, and I asked them if I could cross over that way to Tothill fields? they told me I might; and as I was coming along this man called out, who are you? Stop, or I will blow your brains out. He startled me, and followed me, and laid hold of me. As to the mats I know nothing about them. I came up from the country about two months ago.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
