





131. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PENN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 14th of December
, a wooden cask with iron hoops called a pin, value 7s.
             the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  How
               




            .
The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.
WILLIAM HOW sworn.
I am a Brewer
, I live in Skinner-street, Bishopsgate-street, Bishopsgate-without


; I know the prisoner at the bar, he lived with me as drayman
, he was with me two months, and he left me the beginning of last May.
Q. In consequence of any information did you go to Mr. Wheatley's? - My clerk went, he is here.


                  Q. 
               


            When did you know any thing of the matter? - Not till Mr. Wheatley's coming down to the brewhouse on Friday night, the 3d of January last.
Q. On Wheatley's coming down to the brewhouse you made some enquiry I presume? - I was not at home.


                  JOHN
                   MEADOWS
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. How the prosecutor.
Q. Do you remember Mr. Wheatley coming to your master's? - Yes, on the 3d of January about seven o'clock in the evening, in consequence of which I went up to Mr. Wheatley's house, he is a publican, he keeps the 
               
                  Guy
                   Earl
               



             of Warwick, in St. John's-street, by Smithfield, when I came there I saw a cask that I could swear it to be Mr. How's property.
Q. What became of the cask? - It is now in court, I brought it here.
Q. Is that the cask you had of Mr. Wheatley? - It is.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you go there the next morning to Mr. Wheatley's? - I called on the officers in Worship-street, who had a warrant out to take up the prisoner and informed them that he was to call there the next morning.
Q. Did you go with them the next morning? - I did not, they went by themselves, I knew of the warrant being out.


                  RICHARD
                   WHEATLEY
               



             sworn.
I keep the Guy Earl of Warwick, St. John-street; I know the prisoner at the bar, he had been a servant to Mr. How, I was informed by Mr. How that he had.
Q. Do you remember his coming to your house? - Yes, the third of January between six and seven o'clock in the evening, and called for a pint of beer, and had a cask on his shoulder, and complained of being so tired that he could not go any further that night, which I consented.


                  Q. 
               


            What did you consent to? - He asked me to let him leave the cask till the morning; I consented to his leaving the cask, saying that he might come in the morning and carry it away; after the man was gone I had some suspicion that the man had not come honestly by the cask, I went and examined the cask and saw How on the cask; I went down to Mr. How's house, and informed Mr. How's servant, I told Mr. Meadows, and Meadows came the next morning, and when he cameI shewed him the same cask that the prisoner delivered the over night.
Q. What became of that cask? - That cask the next morning Harper and Armstrong came up for it, at the time, that I told Mr. Meadows that the man was to come for the cask, and had a warrant for to take the man; the prisoner came the next morning, and the officers served him with a warrant and took him away.


                  Q. 
               


            Then the prisoner was taken into custody by these officers? - Yes, he was.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing in your presence about it? - No, he did not say any thing, the next morning as soon as he came into the house they served him with the warrant, and the answer they made to the prisoner was, there is the cask that you have brought, and he said nothing on the subject, and he was taken into custody.
Q. You are sure that was the same cask that he brought the over night, and you are sure it had How upon it? - I am sure, the cask is here.
Prosecutor. This cask is my property.
Q. This man had been discharged from your service the beginning of May last? - He had, and he has never been in my service since.
Q. Then you gave him no directions to go to Mr. Low to get a cask of him or any customer whatever? - No, I did not.
Prisoner. I only asked Mr. Wheatley to let me leave the cask till the next morning.
Wheatley. It was so.
Prisoner. I went to Mr. Low's door and asked the young woman if they wanted any beer? she said there is an empty cask in the cellar you may take it away; so with that I took the cask away and carried it to this public house and asked Mr. Wheatley to let me leave the cask there till the morning? he said yes, I told him I would call for it as the morning following, in the morning when I came there there was the officers to stop me from taking it away; when I went to Mr. Low's I never asked for the cask.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before
the Lord CHIEF BARON.
