






449. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     COX
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Grayson
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of four in the afternoon, on the 16th of July
, 
                     
                        Ann
                         Winstanley
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Phoebe
                         Elson
                     



                   then being therein, and feloniously stealing therein, a blanket, value 5s. a linen sheet, value 2s. a cotton bed curtain, value 5s. the goods of the said 
                     
                        William
                         Grayson
                     



.


                  WILLIAM
                   GRAYSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Great White Lion-street, St. Giles's


; the prisoner got into the passage door, and she broke open the one pair of stairs room.
Q. The house is your's? - Yes, the passage door happened to be left open; she was catched in the room, the lock was forced out of the socket, and the hinges of the door were forced.
Q. Who was the last person in the room, before she went up? - My daughter, she is not here, she is only twelve years old; I was out at the same time, but I came home and found her in the room, I was not a quarter of an hour from my own house.
Q. Were the things removed from the place from where they had been before she went in? - Yes, one blanket was taken off the bed, and a linen sheet, and a cotton bed curtain; she was catched in the room by a lodger of mine, coming down stairs.


                  ANN
                   WINSTANLEY
               



             sworn.
Q. Were you a lodger in this house? - Yes.
Q. Were you at home at the time of this robbery? - Yes.
Q. Was 
               
                  Phoebe
                   Elson
               



             in the house? - Yes; I had been out, and coming up stairs I see the prisoner coming out of the room and the things in her apron, and I stopped her, she was in the room, the one pair of stairs front room; I asked her what she wanted? she said she had got some linen from one Mrs. Peter's of Saffron hill, to wash, and when she saw that I knew the things, she turned them down singly on a chair, the blanket, quilt, and curtain; I took them in my own care, and have had them ever since: I can swear that the curtain is Mr. Grayson's, because the fellow to it is to the bed.
Q. Was it a room you live in? - No, Mr. Grayson, I cannot speak to the sheet or blanket, no otherwise than taking them from her arm.
Q. What may be the value of this curtain? - Five shillings, if I was to purchase it I should not begrudge that for it.
Q. What would the sheet sell for? - Two shillings
Prisoner. She demanded of me the price of five sheets in the New Prison, and she said if I would give her a guinea and a half she would let me go.
Winstanley. The prosecutor lost five sheets the same day, but he did not charge her with it in my hearing; he went to see her in the time of her confinement, and told her that if she would own whether she had the five sheets or not, that he would favour her, and she denied it.
Court. Is it true that you offered to take a guinea and a half? - It is not, nor did I accuse her with the theft.


                  PHOEBE
                   ELSON
               



             sworn.
Q. You was in this house? - I was; Mrs. Winstanley called me down stairs to fetch Mr. Grayson to her assistance; I see the prisoner at the bar standing in Mr Grayson's room, the things lay in a chair, which she is charged with; she said she did not know how she came there, and wished to be searched.
Q. Was she accused of taking up any particular things? - Yes, the cotton curtain, sheet and blanket; Mr. Winstanley told her before us, and she replied thatshe did not know how she came there.
Q. Do you know at all how she got into the room, whether that room door was locked in the course of the day? - I cannot pretend to say, it is generally locked; the bottom hinge had been forced.


                  ROBERT
                   NORMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a salesman in Monmouth-street, and an officer of the parish; Mr. Escot, a person that is here present, came over to me, and desired me to step over to Mr. Grayson's, so accordingly I went over, and found the lower hinge of the door forced open, and the lock was forced back by some instrument or other; I went into the room, and found these two women, witnesses here, with the prisoner; I asked what she had done? the first woman told me that she found her in the room with these three articles in her apron, a bed curtain, sheet, and blanket, which were then laying on a chair, and I told her to take care of them.
Q. Did the prisoner deny that they were in her apron? - She did not, I asked her why she came there? she kept crying, and did not say any thing particularly, but before the magistrate I asked her what business she had there? she said she was looking for a washerwoman that lived on Saffron-hill.
Prisoner. They searched me and found nothing on me; when this woman took me in the room, I had a bundle of my own with me; the justice of peace asked them if they found any thing on me of instruments to open this door, and they said I had no instruments on me. I am a soldier's widow, my husband was killed at Point Peter; and I made a mistake in calling at the house, being quite a stranger to the town, I was on the stairs below, knocking at the door when this woman arrested me.
Court to Mrs. Winstanley. What time was it you see the prisoner with the things? - About a quarter after four.(The things produced and deposed to.)
Prosecutor. This casement hook was found in the room, some of the women picked it up that came to my assistance, in the room.
Winstanley. This was brought down the day after the robbery, by his char-woman.




               GUILTY, Of Stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            . (Aged 31.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
