





25. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMAS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of November
, three guineas, value 3 l. 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Lawrence
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Ephraim
                         Franco
                     



                  , and Mr. Smith
            .


                  BENJAMIN
                   LAWRENCE
               



             sworn.
I am groom
 to Mr. Smith: the prisoner came to my master's house, on the 15th ofNovember, about ten in the morning, to ask for Mr. Franco's footman's place: I told him I wold speak to the gentleman, I told Mr. 
               
                  Franco
               


             a person wanted him, and told the prisoner to sit down in the kitchen, and my master sent me out for about fifteen minutes; I left the prisoner in the kitchen, when I came back he was gone, I missed the money the moment I came in, I rang the bell, and my fellow servant told me the prisoner was gone, and that he would not wait for an answer; my room-door was open when I came in, there is a servant's hall between that and the kitchen; I went into my room before I went out, and shut the door after me, I saw my breeches were moved, they lay on my box unfolded, I searched the pockets, and the money was gone, it was loose in my breeches, there were three guineas and some silver; I have never seen the money since, I looked after him, and I took him on the 19th; I asked him if he recollected being at Mr. Franco's; says he, very well I do; I charged the constable with him directly, I heard where he was, and took a constable with me; the prisoner says, what do you charge the constable with me for? says he, d - n me, let's have a pot of beer; I said he might have a pot of beer, but I would not stop at that house; we took him, and going along he began to cry, and said he was very sorry for what he had done; I asked him what he had done with the money; he said he had taken his clothes out of pawn, and had only one half guinea left; we took him before the justice, we drank part of two pots of beer together at different houses, and I sent to my master to let him know what I had done.
Did the prisoner say any thing more? - Before the Justice he cried and begged for mercy.
Had not you told him it would be better for him to confess? - No, my Lord, he told me there was two shillings in silver, with three guineas.
Court. What is Mr. Franco's name? - They call him Epha. I cannot read.


                  DAVID
                   SIMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I apprehended the prisoner in company with Lawrence, on Friday the 19th of November, at the Sash public-house in Moorfields.
Did any thing pass between Lawrence and the prisoner? - Lawrence said, what a wicked man you are to commit such an affair the prisoner owned that he was guilty, and hoped he would forgive him, for he took his clothes out of pawn; Lawrence said he had taken three guineas, the prisoner could not deny it.
Did you or the prosecutor say any thing to desire him to confess? - Neither of us did to my knowledge; the prosecutor said he would do nothing in it himself, he left it to his master.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I called that morning after Mr. Franco's place; I waited there, and was obliged to go after another place, and I went away, and the prosecutor took me at the Sash after- afterwards; his master came to the Justice's, I was brought three times to the Justice to see if I could make up the money; he said he would let me go if I could get the money to give to him.
Court to prosecutor. Did you tell him you wanted your money, and if he would give it you he might go? - I told a friend of his I had been three guineas out of pocket, that was all.
To Constable. Did you hear him make any offer of that sort? - He said he would leave it to his master.
Was he brought up three times in order to see if he could make up the money? - He was kept to see if he had a good character. from the two last places where he had lived.


                  JOHN
                   CARNS
               



             sworn.
I live in Crispin-street, Spital-fields, I am a broker, I have known the prisoner six months; before the Justice the coachman agreed, that if he could make up the money, and could bring two housekeepers to give him a good character, his master would discharge him; it stood over on that account, and two housekeepers came, and the master was not there; it was put off till the next day, he could not make up the money; Ioffered to give my note at a month; he said he would do nothing in it; if I would go to his master he would treat with me.
Court to Lawrence. Did you offer to let him off if he brought three guineas and a good character? - Yes, if he could get a good character from his two last masters. My master had a letter from the country, and it was a bad character: there was no one attended to give him a character the third day.
To Carns. You said it went off because he could not make up the money? - Yes, There was two housekeepers the second day, Mr. Westofer, he lives in an alley in Featherstone-street, a watch gilder, and 
               
                  James
                   Cornwall
               



            , in Christopher's-alley, Moorfields, a silk dyer; neither of them was asked as to his character, the master not being there; they were not there the third day.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
