





46. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CLEAVER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of November
, three pounds of raw coffee, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Cornish
               




            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of persons unknown.(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  WILLIAM
                   STROUD
               



             sworn. - I am one of the lockers of the Custom-house, in the warehouse of Mr. Cornish: On the 10th of November, the prisoner was at work there; I saw him with a candle in his hand, walking about the warehouse, between twelve and one o'clock at noon; he went to the further part of the warehouse, and there is a window next the alley, which he shut, among the casks of raw coffee; this raised a strong suspicion in my mind; he came backwards and forwards two or three times in the warehouse; that determined Mentor and me to rummage him as he came out; he slipt out of the door; Mentor followed him down the steps immediately; I stopped at the door; there are five steps down to the street; Mentor called, Cleaver, I want to speak to you; he turned short about, and said, what do you want with me; and then he brought him up the steps again; Mentor laid hold of him by the collar, and I rummaged him, and said, he had coffee about him; he said, he had none; in rummaging of him, I found he had coffee in his breeches, in a bag; he got in by me into the warehouse, and he pulled his hat off and threw some coffee out of his hat, and said, there is the property, what do you want with me further; I suppose his hat would hold two or three pounds; we went forward, and he pulled the bag out of his breeches, and shot the coffee close to the side of him, and threw the bag away over the casks; he said, now you have got all the property again, let me go about my business, you cannot hurt me now; an officer was sent for, and he was committed to his custody; the officer has the coffee.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The value of this property may amount to one shilling? - A. Yes.
Q. You got all the coffee back? - A. Yes.
Q. What coffee is it? - A. Raw coffee.


                  WILLIAM
                   RICHARDS
               



             sworn. - I am a constable (produces the coffee;) I got this coffee from Mr. Stroud.
Q. (To Stroud.) Did you deliver the same coffee that came from the prisoner to the constable? - A. Yes; there are three pounds of it; it is the same species of coffee that was in the warehouse.
Mr. Knapp. Q. There is a good deal of dirt and nails among it? - A. There may, but I don't know.
Jury Q. Was there any coffee upon the ground, before the prisoner threw it down? - A. There was no coffee on the ground to my knowledge; it was all in a heap where he threw it.


                  WILLIAM
                   MENTOR
               



             sworn. - I am the Excise locker attending the warehouse; I saw the prisoner take the bag out of his breeches, and throw the coffee on the ground; there was none of the ground before, except what he threw out of his hat.
WILLIAM WETHERELL sworn. - A. I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  Andrew
                   Cornish
               



            ; this warehouse belongs to him.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, but called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 41.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
