





326. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     YOUNG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of June
, a metal watch, value 2l. a gold chain, value 2l. two gold seals, value 2l. a watch key, value 2s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Richard 
                     Frizell
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   RICHARD FRIZELL
               



             sworn.
On the 14th of June I went to see the King and nobility at St. Jame's, on the King's birth day, and on my return home I found my watch missing. The inside was silver gilt, and the outside was metal, gold chain and seals.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you ever see it again? - No, never, except the chain, at Queen's-street office.


                  JAMES
                   BASIL
               



             sworn.
I can only identify the property being Mr. Frizell's.


                  JAMES
                   BLY
               



             sworn.
I am a tobacconist and bookseller by trade, and a constable of St. John's, Westminster. I was sent for on the 5th of June, in the evening, to take a disorderly man into custody, and when I came to the house, they told me that the man had got a gold chain about him; I told him if he had such a thing about him, he must shew it to me.
Q. Who was the man? - The prisoner at the bar. He told me he had no such thing; I told him that I should insist on searching of him, if he did not product it, so then he took it out of his pocket, and threw it down on the tap room tables, I asked him how he came by it? he told me that he stole it from a thief, asking me at the same time, if it was mine? I told him if he stole it I should make himanswer for that in another place, or words to that effect; then I said to him, now tell me the truth, how came you by it? says he, I gave seven shillings for it to a jew; I said, you say you bought it of a jew, I think a jew would know better what he was about, I shall take you into custody; I did not question him any more after that, I was satisfied that he could not come by it properly, according to my opinion; afterwards I heard there had been a gentleman enquiring for such a thing at Queen's-square.
Prosecutor. This is the chain, I lost on the 4th of June.
Prisoner. It was the King's birth day, I was quartered at St. James's; at night I went and had some sapper; afterwards as I was coming home through the Park I saw two gentleman, that gentleman and another, walking arm and arm together, and as I came nigher to them I heard some conversation, and I heard one gentleman ask the other gentleman to have concern with him; one gentleman put his umberella down against the seat, and that gentleman put down his breeches, and they fell to work with each other, and I was about six yards from them; I jumped up to them, and they ran off, and I ran after them, thinking to charge the centry with him, and with their running away with their breeches down, they dropped the watch, and I picked it up; that is the truth, and nothing but the truth.
Prosecutor. I am totally unguarded for the accusation of such a crime, but I think I can prove an alibi, where I was at the time. Good heavens is it possible!
Court to Prisoner. When was it you say this happened? - In the Bird Cagewalk, on the 4th of June, at half past eleven at night; right opposite the recruit house, by the corner of Queen's-square.
Q. They dropped the watch, and you took up the chain? - I took up the watch and chain both together; I don't know that they belong to these gentlemen, I thought there was no person had a greater right to them than myself.
Q. What sort of a night was it? - It rained very hard.
Q. You went before the justice, did you tell him this story? - No, I told him that I bought it of a jew. Likewise this gentleman came down to me to Tothillfields, and told me to make the best story I could, and he would never appear against me. I desired to speak to the gentleman by himself; and he said, he would not for a hundred guineas have it known.
Q. Who was with the gentleman? - The serjeant, Evans, and the constable (I don't know his name) of Queen-square office. I have no witness, the serjeant and the company that I belonged to, went abroad yesterday.
Q. To Prosecutor. Where were you on the 4th of June, at eleven o'clock at night? - I dined out, and I returned home early in the evening. I live with Mr. Bursland, Blackfriars.
Q. Did you go through the Park in your way home? - No, I did not, I dined at Stone's-end, at the King's Bench, with Major 
               
                  Liddard
               


            .
Q. Did you return home from the King's Bench to Mr. Bursland immediately? - I did, it was so dark and rainy a night that I could hardly find my way home.
- BURSLAND sworn.
I live in Blackfriars-road, between the Bridge and Oblisk.
Q. Did Mr. Frizell lodge with you? - He did at that time.
Q. Do you remember the time of his coming home that night? - I think it tobe about the hour of half after ten or eleven, I don't think it was later than eleven.
Q. Were you that day with him? - No, I was not.
Q. To Bly. Did you go to Bridewell with this prisoner at the time he was committed? - I did, I took him down there, it was in the evening when I first apprehended him.
Q. Was the prosecutor, Mr. Frizell, in the gaol at any time with you? - No, he was not, I heard that he had been there.
Q. To Prosecutor. Did you go to this man in gaol? - I had been at Bow street office to give information of the loss of my watch; and on Saturday following I heard of somebody that had been taken up on suspicion of having stolen a watch; that was late in the evening; on Sunday I went with an intention to see if it was mine, and the office was shut, and I met a serjeant, and I asked him if he could tell me whether the report was true, of a soldier being taken up for stealing a watch? I never see the serjeant before; the serjeant said, yes, he recollected perfectly well that there was a man taken up with a gold chain, and that he was at Tothillfields, and that he would go with me if I chose. I went with the serjeant to Tothill-fields, to hear if I could hear of my watch, because at this time I had never seen chain not any thing else; and when we went there the soldier was called up by the name of Young.


                  Q. 
               


            Was there any constable of the office went with you? - Yes, there was.
Q. What was his name? - I don't know. And I immediately said, what a disagreeable situation you have brought yourself into by this act; I said, I suppose you are the man that has got the stolen watch; and he denied it, and said he had got no watch, but he had a chain which he honestly bought of a jew; I told him to be perfectly guarded in what he was saying; he said he was perfectly so, and he could bring evidence to prove that he bought it of a jew.
Q. How many persons were by at the time? - There was one man that was with the serjeant, and the constable, and the person who opened the door. When he told me that, I said, be prepared against your trial, for I said it was not my intention to hurt him, for I would not take a man's life away for fifty times the value; on which as I was going away he called me aside privately, he said, as I seemed to be a gentleman not inclined to hurt him, he had not got the watch, but he could put me in a method of getting of it, if I would call the day following, and if I did not appear to swear to the chain, that he of course would be dismissed, and he would restore the chain and watch and all; I told him I would promise by no means such a thing as that, and asked him where the watch was? he told me he could not tell, but if I would call the day following, he would tell me more particular of it.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you call the next day? - No, I did not, I went to Queen's-square office the next day to give evidence against him.
Bly. I don't think that I have done my duty, except I tell your lordship that when I heard that Mr. Frizell had been enquiring after his chain, I went after him, and told him that I thought it was necessary that he should go and speak to the magistrate, and he rather turned his back to me at the time; whether he did it from tenderness to the prisoner or not, I cannot say.
Q. When did you go to Mr. Frizell with the chain? - I believe it was the Tuesday or the Wednesday following, after the King's birth day.


                  Q. 
               


            To Frizell. You say that you appeared the next day at the office at Queen-square, after having been at Bridewell on Sunday? - Perhaps it was not the next day, but if it was not it was Tuesday or Wednesday.
Bly. Then I went and told the justice that I had seen the gentleman.
Q. How came you to know any thing of this gentleman? - One of the constables of Queen's-square told me that there was a gentleman outside of the door that had been to enquire after a gold chain. That was on Tuesday, at the office; I followed him, and asked him if he had lost a gold chain? and Mr. Frizell seemed to be rather angry with me, and turned on one side; I asked him if it was his? I cannot exactly say what he said then, but I think he asked who I was, or what I was? or something to that effect; I shewed him the chain, and he seemed to be very indifferent about it, and walked away, rather displeased than otherwise.
Q. Did he say any thing? - He did, but I cannot exactly recollect what expressions he made use of.
Q. Were you there when Mr. Frizell was examined before the magistrate? - I was; I don't know whether he meant to be examined, but he wished to have his chain, because he did not like to swear to it, and the justice said, if he would not make his affidavit, whether it was or was not his chain, he must be under the disagreeable necessity of committing him for contempt of the court.
Q. What was the difficulty about swearing to the chain? - He said he had such a chain, but he did not choose to say that was his. When I told Mr. Pye, the justice, that he did not choose to come in, he sent Mr. Shepherd out to him; he came in with Shepherd, Shepherd brought him in.
Q. To Frizell. When did you first miss your watch? - Not till after I got home from dinner.
Q. You say you had been to see the company pay their court to the King? What part of the town had you be? - I was at St. James's-gate part of the time, and the other part of the time in St. James's Park, and retired to dinner about five o'clock.
Q. You had not been there in the evening, to see them go to the ball? - No, I was not.


                  JOHN
                   SHEPHERD
               



             sworn.
Q. You are clerk to the magistrates in Queen's square? - Yes, I am.
Q. Do you remember the charge being made for stealing the prosecutor's watch? - Not the watch, I do the chain.
Q. Do you remember the prosecutor coming to make the charge? - He came with very much reluctance; he was waiting while the prisoner was being examined about the chain, at the corner of Queen's-square, in the Broadway, Westminster. One of the magistrates desired me to go to him, and speak to him in a genteel manner, and desire him to wait on the magistrate; I did so, and the gentleman returned with me back to the office.
Q. Did he make any difficulty in going back with you? - He said, what was he to go back for? I said the magistrate desired to speak to him.
Q. On that he came back? - He did. When he came before the magistrate he hesitated very much in swearing to the chain.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
