





526. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 7th of July
, twenty pounds weight of lead, value 3s. belonging to a wooden cistern lined with lead, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Armstrong
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house, feloniously did rip with intent to steal
            .
Second Count. For feloniously breaking with intent to steal.
Third Count. For that he, on the same day, twenty pounds weight of lead, value 3s. fixed to a certain dwelling-house, feloniously did rip with intent to steal.


                  JOHN
                   WARD
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Armstrong, a master carpenter
, at Pimlico


: I know nothing about the lead.


                  JAMES
                   KNOWLES
               



             sworn. - I have the adjoining premises to Mr. Armstrong, and have the letting of the houses: On the 7th of July, between twelve and one o'clock in the noon day, I went to the house No. 16, Hans-Place, Sloane-street, it is Mr. Armstrong's house; I found the chain put up inside so that I could not get into the house, I really thought somebody was in the house; I went to the house adjoining, and went through that house, and broke a way into the other house; I went in and searched every room all the way down till I came to the bottom, and saw the chain, which I found in a very critical situation, it was turned three times round the worm; when I let my friends in to assist me, we pursued for the persons that we thought were in the house, we lighted a candle, and found the prisoner in the back cellar, or wine vault, stuck up in one corner, it was a very dark cellar; when we found him, we secured him in the parlour, and searched the house, but found nothing but the lead broken from the wooden sink in the front kitchen, the holdfasts were broke away, and the rest of it rendered almost useless; we were too soon upon him, he had broke part of it, and we found some tools there.
Q. Had he broke any part of it intirely off? - A. Yes, one part he had, because he could not get the holdfasts out; after we had secured him he acknowledged to putting up the chain, he denied touching any thing in the house; he said, he only went to case himself; I asked him if there was any body else in the house besides himself; and he said, go and look.


                  ROBERT
                   WILSON
               



             sworn. - I was called to the assistance of Mr. Knowles, I was at work close by; Mr. Knowles let me in, and we found him in the cellar, up in a corner, and this crow was lying upon the ground between his legs, it was all over mortar, and had been just used; there was none torn quite off, only wrenched up from the woodwork, there was none torn quite away; it was separated from the place where it should be, but not cut off.
Q. (To Knowlys.) Did not you say there was a part of it intirely separated? - A. It was not taken away, but lapped over.
Prisoner's defence. I found the house open, and I went in to ease myself.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 31.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
