





185. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February
, two pair of mens leather shoes, value 3s. four pair of cotton stockings, value 5s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Watmore
               




            .


                  CHARLES
                   WATMORE
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 101, Great Tothill-street


; I keep a clothes shop
. On the 12th of February I lost two pair of shoes, and four pair of white stockings, I missed them from the window, I was not at home at the present time, not till after.



                  MARY
                   WATMORE
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of the last witness. 
               
                  James
                   Shaw
               



             and another man came into my shop about five o'clock in the afternoon, on the 12th of February, I was in the shop at the time; the other man offered me a pair of stockings to sell, speckled worsted stockings; in the mean while I was examining the stockings, this 
               
                  James
                   Shaw
               



             got behind the other man towards the window, I saw him do that, I did not see him take the four pair of stockings, but the four pair of stockings were missed out of the window, and two pair of shoes, I heard a rattling with the shoes in the window.
Q. Did you miss any thing before they went out of the shop? - Immediately I thought he was stealing something, and I looked at the shoes, and I saw two pair of shoes in his pocket.
Q. Two pair in one pocket? - Yes, and I took hold of him, and took the two pair of shoes from him.
Q. Was the other man in the shop then? - Yes. I fetched him a slap of the face, and he pushed me against the door, and ran away; the man went away at the same time; I did not miss the stockings till after he was gone; I missed the stockings directly as he was gone out; I did not know where he was gone to. About two hours after there came another young man in, and I told him of it; about ten minutes after, this young man came in again and said, I believe the man is in the other clothes-shop; I went into Mr. Wright's, the other clothes shop down the street, I found him there; my husband and I went down to see, my husband was come home then; my husband asked me whether that was the man? I said, yes, I am sure it was the same man; we brought him up to our shop, and he said he never was in it; but he pulled out a pair of speckled stockings out of his pocket, which was the other stockings that the other man offered to sell, and a pair that was our own, a cotton pair, one that was missed from the window; the other three pair I don't know what became of them, he had not them about him. The things are here.
Prisoner. I never was in that shop all that evening.


                  Charles
                   Vatmore
               



            . I was present when the prisoner was taken in the other shop; as soon as he came into our shop he pulled out the two pair of stockings; I took hold of him in the other shop, and brought him back to my shop; he said at first that he had got no stockings, only a pair of worsted ones; when I brought him back he takes and pulls out a pair of worsted ones, and a pair of white cotton stockings that were mine. These are the stockings.
Mrs. Watmore. The stockings are marked with two E's on the leg.
Q. Are you sure that they were your stockings that were in the window? - I am. These are the shoes that I took out of his pocket, they are mine.
Prisoner. I never was in that shop all that evening before her husband came to take me in, which I had the worsted and cotton stockings in my pocket, there are many stockings that have the same marks as them. I am come above two hundred miles from my country; I belong to the third guards
.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
