





476. 
               
                  NATHANY 
                  BLEWIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of October
, two silver table spoons, value 5 s. a desert spoon, value 3 s. a man's hat, value 3 s. and an umbrella, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Loftus
                        



                     
                  , Esq

. and a man's hat, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick 
                           Townshend
                        



                     
                  , Esq.
            



                  ANTHONY
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I live with Colonel Loftus, in Harley-street


; on Sunday the 7th of October, between five and six, during the time the family were at dinner, the footman, 
               
                  Alexander
                   Grant
               



            , was sent out; Grant not returning, I rang the bell, and he, not answering it, I went to know the cause; in the passage I met the footboy; he informed me that we had been robbed; I went to the street door, and saw some people at the public house opposite; I went over, and saw the prisoner and half a dozen people round him; Grant gave me two hats; I returned to the house, and the cook told me there had been spoons taken out of the kitchen; I returned, and took him into custody; I know the prisoner, he was my master's coachman
 about two months before; I desired Grant to sit by him, to see that he dropped nothing, and to take care of him till I returned; I was obliged to go back to take away the dinner things; I returned to the publick house, and the constable searched him, and found two silver spoons in his pocket; I saw them taken out; the constable has kept them since; the spoons were on the kitchen dresser; I had not seen the prisoner that day before.


                  ALEXANDER
                   GRANT
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Colonel Loftus; I was sent out of the parlour into the drawing-room; on the second or third step of the stairs, towards the bottom, I saw the stick of this umbrella, (produced,) going out at the door; the person who had it, shut the door; I went and opened it, and looked out, and I saw the prisoner turning round the heads of the horses of a hackney coach; he had been in our kitchen about ten minutes before; I followed him to the coach; the coachman was standing at the door with the handle in his hand; I tapped the coachman on the shoulder, thinking he must have got the umbrella in the coach; I asked him what he had there, he said, he did not know; it was something which that man had thrown in; I took out of the coach two hats, and this umbrella; then our butler came; and the prisoner and the coachman stood wrangling about the fare; I gave the butler the two hats; and he ordered me with the prisoner into the publick house;and I staid with him till the butler came; I did not see him searched.


                  JOHN
                   GIRDLER
               



             sworn.
I drive a hackney coach; on Sunday, about three o'clock, my coach was standing at Half Moon-street end, Piccadilly; the prisoner ordered me to go to the watering-house on the high-ground, near Bond-street; he wanted to find the number 89; then he ordered me to the Bull and Mouth, in Hart-street; from thence to Moorfields; thence to Whitechapel; back again to Moorfields; and then to the Bull and Mouth in Hart-street; from thence to the Turk's Head in Charlotte-street; and from thence to the Turk's Head in Harley-street; there he stopped, and told me to get a pint of ale; he went to a gentleman's house; I did not see him go in, but I saw him come out, and he threw in two hats and an umbrella: Grant came and tapped me on the shoulder, and asked what was there? I told him, I did not know; I drew back, and he took the things out; and the prisoner was going to get in and go further; I told him I would not go any further; I did not like his appearance, and demanded my fare.


                  JOHN
                   PYNER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I took this table spoon and this desert spoon out of the prisoner's left-hand side pocket.
Baker. These are my master's spoons; his cypher is on one, and his crest on the other; they were in the kitchen; I know both the hats very well, and the umbrella.
Prisoner. I was coming up stairs, and found the spoons on the stairs; I was going to fetch a pint of beer for the cook, and I took the hats and umbrella, thinking my fellow servant, Grant, would come over and drink a pint of ale; I wish to clear up the point; I am not guilty of the crime.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 29.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


