






381. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BURKE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BURKE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of April
, a pair of calico sheets, value 30s. a pair of linen sheets, value 30s. three other linen sheets, value 30s. a calico sheet, value 10s. two linen pillow cases, value 2s. five damask table cloths, value 4l. 4s. a diaper table cloth, value 1d. 14s. thirteen damask napkins, value 1l. 4s. five calico napkins, value 3s. five other calico napkins, value 3s. three draper breakfast cloths, value 5s. a draper towel, value 6d. twenty-three calico shifts, value 3l. 3s. five linen shifts, value 1l. 1s. two satin gowns, value 2l. 2s. two silk gowns, value 2l. 2s. two calico bed-gowns, value 4s. seven satin petticoats, value 4l. two silk petticoats, value 1l. 1s. four Marseilles petticoats, value 1l. 1s. three dimity petticoats, value 10s. two flannel petticoats, value 5s. two linen aprons, value 5s. one muslin apron, value 2s. three muslin shawls, value 10s. 6d. two silk handkerchiefs, value 2s. two calico handkerchiefs, value 2s. three linen handkerchiefs, value 2s. 6d. nine linen pocket handkerchiefs, value 9s. a silk cloak, value 10s. a calico bed cover, value 21s. two silver table spoons, value 2ls. and three silver tea spoons, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George Watson 
                           Hand
                        




                     
                  , clerk
, in his dwelling-house
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  GEORGE
                   WATSON HAND
               



             sworn. - Examined by Knowlys. Q. Do you know the two prisoners at the bar? - A. Yes; they were both in my service: I live in the vicarage-house of St. Giles, Cripplegate


; the man came to me first in the capacity of footman
, the woman was in the capacity of cook
; they married during the time they were in my service, they left me on the 28th of April; I did no miss the property till they were apprehended, on the 5th of May.
Q. Where was this property deposited? - A. In every part of the house; the principal part of it was in two different garrets, locked up in boxes; the man slept in the garret next to that where the boxes of wearing-apparel were, and the woman in the garret next adjoining to where the linen was.
Q. Had they access to that garret? - A. The garret where the linen was, was constantly locked, and the key in my possession, but that was not locked where the wearing apparel was.
Q. Were all the articles in the indictment missing after you received the information? - A. Yes.


                  GEORGE
                   PURSE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. - I am a pawnbroker, servant to Mr. Salkeld, in the Strand; the prisoner, 
               
                  Sarah
                   Burke
               



            , came to me on the morning of the 5th of May, about half past ten o'clock; the produced me two pair of sheets, she wanted to pledge them for four guineas, one was calico and the other linen; I asked her whose they were, and she said, she did not know exactly; I asked her who sent her with them, and she said, a woman, which woman was a servant of the owner; I went with her to where the lived, No. 6, in Castle-court, in the Strand, and she went about half way up stairs so far as she could see the door of the one-pair of stairs room, and she said they were not there; I asked her who was not there, she made no answer, but came down stairs directly; I followed her, and she went into the shop of the woman who keeps the house, it is a chandler's shop, and enquired of her whether Mr. Burke had been there that morning, and the woman told her, he was there just now; I asked her who Mr. Burke was; says I, is he your husband, she said, he was; I asked her if the sheets belonged to him, she said, they did not, but they belonged to an acquaintance of his; I asked her then where she thought he could be, and she supposed he was at the Horse-shoe public-house, in the Strand; the prisoner and I went there, but he had not been there that morning; and in returning to her lodgings again, she pointed out her husband to me at the farther end of the court, that was the other prisoner; we walked up to him, and he was very angry with his wife for staying so long; I told him I was the cause of her staying out so long; I asked him who the sheets belonged to; he asked me, what business was that of mine; I told him it certainly was, and before he had the sheets again, I must know that he came honestly by them; I asked him where he got them, he said, of a Mr. Donovan, a Jew broker in the city; I asked him how long he had had them, and he said, five years, and that he gave twelve guineas for them; I told him I did not believe he came honestly by them, and he must go with me to Bow-street; he said, he would not go any where with me, and threatened to punish me if I stopped his property; I told him I would certainly stop him and the property too; I told him to go home with me where I had left the sheets; he said he would not go any where at all with me; I told him he certainly should go with me, and if he did not go quietly, I would alarm the neighbourhood; and after these threats, he went with me quietly, and he was committed, (the sheets produced); these are the same sheets that the woman brought to me; I afterwards went to their lodgings again; I returned with the officer from Bow-street, far the woman; I found her locked in the room up one-pair of stairs, that she took me up to before; and I left her there in custody of the officer.
Q. Were you present when a search was made by the officer? - A. Yes, by Rivett.
Q. Was Fugion there too? - A. He came afterwards; we found a box of linen, which is in the officer's custody.


                  EDWARD
                   FUGION
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am one of the officers of Bow-street; on the 5th of May I went to the prisoners lodgings; I found a great quantity of linen of all sorts almost, silk gowns, and petticoats; there was one box totally full, not unpacked.
Q. You have brought here all that you found? - A. Yes. (Produces them).
Q. Does Rivet know any more than you? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You found some things in the box, and some out of the box? - A. Yes.
Q. What do you mean by packed? - A. In a box, corded.


                  MARTHA
                   DICKINSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am the wife of Mr. 
               
                  Barrett
                   Dickinson
               



            ; I packed up a great quantity of linen for Mr. Hand's daughter; they were left to her by her grandmother.
Q. (To Mr. Hand.) What age is your daughter? - A. Thirteen, in December last.
Mrs. Dickinson. The things that I saw at Bow-street, were the things that I packed up in the box.
Q. See if these are the same things; is that the same box in which they were packed up? - A. No, it is not; I do not know any thing of the sheets.
Mr. Hand. The sheets are my property, they are not my daughter's; I know them to be mine, they have my mother's initials upon them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. These persons have lived in your service a considerable time? - A. Yes.
Q. Consequently any opportunity they had of robbing you must have occurred frequently? - A. Every day, I should suppose.

Q. You cannot say that they took eight or ten articles at one time? - A. No, I cannot.
Q. They had an opportunity of taking them one at a time, if they pleased? - A. Yes, they had.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Are they fairly stated to be of the value of thirty shillings each pair? - A. I consider them to be worth a great deal more.


                  William
                   Burke
               



             left his defence to his Counsel.


                  Sarah
                   Burke
               



             was not put upon her defence.
Court. (To Mr. Hand.) Q. When had you seen these things? - A. I saw the linen in January.


                  William
                   Burke
               



             GUILTY.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Sarah
                   Burke
               





               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
