










98. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GRAHAM
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HOOKER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CLEMENTS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of December

, one wooden cart, value 10l. seven linen bags, value 7s, and six hundred and fifty-one pounds of thrown silk, value 1195l.
             the property of 
               
                  James Lewis 
                  Desormeaux
               



            .
Second Count. Laying the silk to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Wilson
                  



               
            .(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoners).


                  JAMES
                   LEWIS DESORMEAUX
               



             sworn.(Examined by Mr. Knapp.) I am a silk-dyer
 in Pearl-street, Spitalfields.
Q. Do you employ two men, Gosden and Godfrey? - A. Yes; Gosden is my streetsman, and Godfrey is my carman.
Q. Were they employed by you upon the 14th of December, to go with a horse and cart to collect any silk? - A. They were; they were to go to the Dolphin in Honey-lane-market, where we have a a room, and keep our silk in; they were to go to Mr. Wilson's for some silk, which they did.


                  SAMUEL
                   GOSDEN
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You are streets-man to Mr. Desormeaux? - A. Yes.

Q. On the 14th of December, did you go out with your master's cart? - A. I went out before the cart, to Mr. Wilson's, on the 14th of December, about four o'clock in the afternoon; I received there, about one hundred and sixty pounds weight of silk, from Mr. Joseph Wilson; he himself gave it me.
Q. Who was with you when you received it? - A. I put it into my bag; I had not the cart there at that time; I tied it up, and from thence I went for the cart; the silk was left at Mr. Wilson's; my fellow-servant came with the cart, and I put it in, and saw it locked up.
Q. Are you sure if is the same silk? - A. I am sure they were the same bags I had before tied up; but I cannot swear to the silk; Godfrey, my fellow-servant, drove the cart from there to the Dolphin, in Milk-street; Mr. Wilson lives in Wood-street; I went into the Dolphin first, in order to take up the load; I had a heavy load from there to put into my cart.
Q. What sort of a cart? - A. A covered cart, with doors before, and doors behind, painted blue all over; the doors were locked up, with a bolt and a pin, and a padlock, and that I saw locked up myself.
Q. Where was it you saw the lock fastened? - A. Opposite Mr. Wilson's door.
Q. Was your master's name upon the cart? - A. It was.
Q. That was after you had put in the silk? - A. Yes.
Q. When you went into the room in Honey-lane-market



, at the Dolphin, did you leave the cart at the door? - A. Yes; my fellow-servant, Godfrey, came in after me; he went out first, to see how the horse stood: in five minutes after that, he returned, and told me the horse and cart were gone; I went out about seven minutes after, myself, and saw the horse and cart were not there.
Q. You did not find it, I believe? - A. No.
JOHN GODFREY sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are carman to Mr. Desormeaux? - A. Yes: On the 14th of December I took up some goods at Mr. Wilson's, in Wood-street; there were six different bags.
Q. What sort of a cart is your's? - A. A blue, covered cart; it was fastened with a double bolt outside, and bolted and barred in the inside; from there I drove to the Dolphin, in Milk-street.
Q. Did it get safe to the Dolphin, in Milk-street? - A. Yes; it is close by Honey-lane-market; we have a room there; we keep our silk in that, we collect; and I went in to assist my fellow-servant with a very heavy load; I don't think we were absent five minutes; when I came out, I missed my horse and cart; I went back, and told my fellow-servant the horse and cart were gone.
Q. You afterwards went in search of it, without finding it? - A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are a warehouseman, and live in Wood-street? - A. I am a silk manufacturer.
Q. Do you know Mr. Desormeaux? - A. Yes.
Q. You employed him as your dyer? - A. Yes; on the 14th of December, I sent him about 650 pounds weight of silk; I delivered it to his streets-man, Gosden.
Q. Was it enclosed in any thing? - A. It was put into Mr. Desormeaux's bags.
Q. Did you see it put in? - A. Yes; and they were put into the cart, and taken away from the door.
Q. Whereabouts was the value of all this silk? - A. About 1200l.
Q. About how much per pound? - A. It cost me various prices.
Q. Is half-a-guinea a pound a fair price? - A. The largest quantity cost me two guineas a pound; the lowest might be about a guinea.
Q. Do you recollect how many bags this silk was put into? - A. I do not; there were several.
Q. Have you seen the silk since? - A. Yes, at Mr. Desormeaux's.
Q. Was the silk you saw at Mr. Desormeaux's, the silk you delivered? - A. I don't doubt that it was.
Mr. Ally. Q. Have you any partner in your business? - A. No.


                  EDWARD
                   BURROUGHS
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Garrow. I live in Cannon-row, Westminster: On the evening of the 14th of December, I saw a cart, with the name of James Lewis Desormeaux, about half past six o'clock, or a little better.
Q. Was there any body with it? - A. No.
Q. Was there a horse with it? - A. Yes; it was standing still; the horse appeared to have been drove very violently indeed; it had stood there near three hours; about half past nine I examined him, and found he had been driven very hard; one of the reins was cut, on the right hand side of the horse; I examined the cart, and took the watchman and saw the cart had been broke open; then I came round and saw the name upon the cart, and I put the cart up at the livery-stables, and informed Mr. Desormeaux where his cart was.


                  ELIAS
                   NATHAN
               



             sworn.
Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are a Jew? - A. Yes.
Q. You live in Swallow-street, St. James's? - A. Yes.

Q. Do you know John Graham? - A. I do.
Q. George Hooker? - A. I do not.
Q. Do you know him when you see him? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know Clements? - A. No.
Q. Do you know him when you see him? - A. Yes; those are the three men (pointing to them).
Q. Tell us what you know of this business? - A. On Wednesday evening the 16th of December, 
               
                  John
                   Graham
               



             and Joshua Wheeler came to my shop.
Q. What is your shop? - A. A sale shop.
Q. At what time was this? - A. About six or seven o'clock in the evening, as near as I can guess, Graham and Wheeler came into my shop; my wife said, do go into the shop; and when I had got into the shop, John Graham shewed me a sample of raw silk; I looked at it, and said, I would have nothing to do with it; then they went about their business; Wheeler said to me, there is a good quantity of it, it will be better to have it.
Q. In the presence of Graham? - A. Yes; I said, I would have nothing to do with it; and they went about their business; the next day, the 17th, I was taken up, and taken to Worship-street.
Q. What did you do, in consequence of what passed between you and the Magistrates; you were set at liberty? - A. Yes; the next morning, Friday.
Q. Did you ever see any of the prisoners afterwards? - A. Not at that time; I went to look for them to purchase it of them, the Sunday following; I saw 
               
                  John
                   Graham
               



             in Holborn; I said to Graham, let us go into a public-house and have some rum and water; I then said to Graham, if he could help me to be the purchaser of that silk, I would give him five or ten guineas for his trouble; he came in the evening, between ten and eleven o'clock, with Wheeler.
Q. Did any body else come with them? - A. Not at that time; I believe, little Clements came with them, I cannot be positive; Wheeler said to me, if it had not been for Graham's recommendation, he would not have come to me; I said, never mind, I will purchase it of you, if I can; he said, I must give him half-a-guinea a pound; I said, if I could not get it for less, I would give half-a-guinea a pound; he said, I should have it the next morning at two o'clock.
Q. Two o'clock; before it was light? - A. Yes.
Q. When he made this offer was Graham by? - A. Yes; Wheeler, Graham, and Clements, called me up at two o'clock.
Q. Which is Clements? - A. The least.
Q. What was it Wheeler said to you? - A. He said, I should not have it only for Graham's recommendation; they came at two o'clock, and said, have you got the money altogether.
Court. Q. When did they say that, on Monday morning? - A. Yes; I said no, I have not, I will not deceive you; I have got but 100l. if they would credit me till seven o'clock, I would borrow it; they would not do that; then, I said, I would have it in the evening; then I should have the money together; Graham came in the evening, and said, I am sent by Wheeler, to see all the money ready then; he saw the money; then he said, he had orders not to let the things go from the place where they were, unless I went and paid the money, as soon as they were in the coach; that I would not agree to: no, says I, you may depend, I will pay for them as soon as they come to my place, then Graham went away.
Q. When did you see any of them again? - A. In the course of about an hour after, Wheeler, Graham, and Clements, came to my house; we went to a public-house, and had some drink together; and Wheeler said, why do you object to give me the money, when they are in the coach? I said, I would not buy them except they were brought to my house; then they agreed to call me up at two o'clock on Tuesday morning; at two o'clock on Tuesday morning, Graham, Wheeler, and Clements, came and knocked me up; at two o'clock I got up, and we went into a coach, in Oxford-road; there the coachman changed his coach, and we went over Westminster-bridge.
Q. Do you know the coachman? - A. I should know him, if I saw him: we went to one side of the Apollo, there the goods were.
Q. These three persons called you up; did they leave you, or continue with you, when you went to the Apollo Gardens? - A. They went up to the house; then I saw Hooker, the middle man, and Joshua Wheeler, and Wheeler's brother, and there was another man, I cannot recollect his name; six in all.
Q. What morning was this? - A. Tuesday morning.
Q. What time was it, when you got to the Apollo Gardens? - A. Between two and three; they led me into a little house, near the place I mentioned; and there was eleven sacks of silk.
Court. Q. What little house, a necessary-house? - A. No; it was a small house; the house of George Wheeler; we were all there together.
Q. Do you know it was silk? - A. I felt it, it seemed so; I looked at some.
Q. Was it manufactured or raw silk? - A. Raw silk; we all helped to carry it into the coach; I was the person who took the last sack.
Q. They all assisted? - A. I did not take particular notice who carried, but we were all employed; nobody could go in the coach, it was so full; I went on the box, and the rest followed the coach.
Q. Where did the coach drive to? - A. Towards my house.
Q. Had you before this given information at the office, what you intended to do, when you were to be at your house? - A. Yes.
Q. Did the coach drive to your house? - A. Yes; I opened the coach-door, and my shop door.
Q. What became of the persons that went with the coach? - A. They were all round the coach.
Q. Are you sure the three prisoners were there? A. I don't know whether they were near; I stood at the door, and some were behind me; 
               
                  Joshua
                   Wheeler
               



             said, what a while you are opening the door; when the door was opened, one of the sacks was brought into my passage, then the officers immediately laid hold of the property, and the three prisoners; the others escaped.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. You had a flight knowledge of Graham, and did not know Wheeler at all? - A. No.
Q. Do you mean to say they came with this sample of property to sell without your knowing them? - A. They meant to sell it me, I suppose.
Q. When were you first before the magistrate? A. On Thursday evening.
Q. Before or after these men were with you? - After.
Q. Were not you taken into custody to the magistrates? - A. I was brought there, I could not be in custody, because I was set at large.
Q. Were you not taken to the magistrate in custody? - A. At that time in course I was, but not kept.
Q. You went in custody at first? - A. Yes.
Q. You were examined before the magistrates? - A. I was.
Q. Did you not hear there was a reward of a 100l. for apprehending the persons that stole this silk? - A. I had heard that, I did not do it for the reward, I have had none and don't desire any.
Q. Upon your oath, do not you hope for any of the reward? - A. No, I do not.
Q. Then, for what reason did you take upon you all this trouble? - A. For an honourable action.
Q. How long was it from the time you were before the magistrate, till the time you met Graham? - A. On the Sunday following, from the Friday to the Sunday following, was two days.
Q. Did you promise the magistrate that you would go in pursuit of the men that offered you the silk? - A. I did.
Q. You did not at this time know where Graham lived? - A. He was not at home.
Q. You did not know Graham? - A. I did not say so, I have known him this twelve-month.
Q. You knew him, but not where he lived? - A.
Q. I knew he lived in King-street; I did not know the number; I went to enquire for him, he was not at home; I did not meet with him till the Sunday following.
Q. How many men are there in custody to be prosecuted, on your oath? - A. None.
Q. Do you mean we should understand you that it was merely from a motive of public honour you came forward to prosecute these men? - A. I can prove so.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. It would have been a profitable thing to have bought this, and you declined it? - A. Yes.
Q. And went before the magistrate to bring these people to justice? - A. Yes.
JOHN ARMSTRONG sworn.
I am an officer of Worship-street; I was present at the apprehending of the prisoners, on the Tuesday between the 22d and the 23d of December; about twenty minutes before four o'clock, I heard a coach, I was at the upper end of Swallow-street, Piccadilly, in Vigo-lane.
Q. How came you to go to Vigo-lane? - A. In consequence of an information; as soon as ever I heard the noise of the coach, I went to the end of that lane; at last I heard a coach stop, it stopped over right Nathan's door; there were five other officers with me, Ray and Blackiter were near me; I went up to the side of the coach, I saw three men coming from it, and caught Graham in my arms; Graham was about a yard, or a yard and a half from the horses heads, coming from it, I immediately carried him back in my arms, and clapped him against the wall, over right the coach door; I saw another man turn round the wheel of the coach, whom Ray catched, that was Hooker; the other prisoner being brought by another officer,(Blackiter), they were about being handcuffed; as soon as they were secured, I opened the coach door and found ten bags, I went into Nathan's house and found another bag, there were eleven in all; I looked about but could see no coachman whatever; I saw the back of a man at one time behind the coach, but whether it was the watchman or coachman, I cannot say, I never saw him afterwards, the prisoners were secured, and the property all put in the coach; we got another coach for the prisoners, took the silk to Mr. Desormeaux's, and locked it up, I keeping the key, I have the key now.

Q. Who produces the silk? - A. I do, it has been weighed and sealed up with my seal, it has never been opened; I locked it up, and have kept the keys till it came into this court.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. At the time you took Graham, he was walking along the street? - A. I took him coming from the coach.
Q. You did not see these men on the coach? - A. No; I saw no man on the coach.
Q. Were the other two officers with you at this time? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN
                   RAY
               



             sworn.
I belong to the public-office, in Worship-street; I was on the 22d of December, with Armstrong, in Swallow-street, between three and four in the morning; we had been waiting some time, we heard a coach stop, Armstrong went to the right hand side and laid hold of Graham; I went to the back part of the coach, Hooker immediately came from the other side and ran across the way; I followed him and got him in my arms, he struggled a great deal; I told him it was of no use, if he struggled he must take the consequence; we got them hand-cuffed, there was a quantity of silk in the coach, I got up and drove the coach to Mr. Desormeaux's house.
Q. Were you afterwards with the prisoners? - A. I was in the coach with the prisoners and Ferris, Graham in the coach said, he wondered where the hell we all came from in a minute.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally, Q. I would ask you whether you don't know Nathan? - A. I never knew him before.
Q. He is pretty well known at your office? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. What time of the night was this? - A. Between three and four.
- BLACKITER sworn.
I am one of the officers of Worship-street.
Q. Were you with Armstrong and the rest of the officers, when the prisoners were apprehended? - A. Yes; I apprehended Clements.
Q. Where did you apprehend him? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Just before the horses heads; I saw him come away from the coach, and took hold of him directly; I saw Armstrong catch hold of Graham.
Q. Then they were conveyed into custody? - A. Yes.


                  SAMUEL
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
I am one of the officers of Worship-street; I was present at the apprehension of the prisoners; at the time that Ferris and the other officers were securing the other prisoners, Armstrong had hold of Graham, he struggled very much; I bid him stand still, he would not, I had a hanger in my hand, I struck at him, and cut him, I meant to strike him with the flat side of it. (The silk was produced in Court).
Mr. Wilson. I am sure this is my silk, it is marked two threads dram, No. 3, it is the hand-writing of one of my throwsters, with whose writing I am very familiar.
Q. (To Gosden.) Look at the bags, and tell us if you know any of them? - A. These brown bags are my master's bags that I put the silk into; they are the bags that were in the cart.
Graham's defence. I have people here for my character.
Hooker's Defence. I never saw the coach till they dragged me to it.
Clement's defence. I was going up Swallow-street, these men laid hold of me, and dragged me to the, coach.
For Graham.
HENRY GRIFFITH sworn.
I am a painter and glazier in Castle-street, Saffron-hill; I have known Graham about six years.
Court. Have you known any thing of him for the last year? - A. I have not seen him the last two years.
For Hooker.


                  JOHN
                   WILKINS
               



             sworn.
I am a watch-maker, and live at No. 19, Chapman's-buildings, St. Luke's; I have known Hooker about six years.
Q. Have you known him the last twelve months? - A. Yes; I believe him to be a hard-workingman, he worked early and late.


                  RICHARD
                   HERBERT
               



             sworn.
I live in Old-street-road; I have known the prisoner five years, up to the present time, I have been out of town the last five months; he is a weaver, a hard-working man.


                  JOHN
                   MIFFLIN
               



             sworn.
I am a master chair-maker; I have known Hooker five years, to the present time, I always took him to be an honest hard-working man; I never heard any thing against his character.
Q. Where did you know him first of all? - A. In Golden-lane.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Did you know him when he was on the river Thames? - A. No, I did not.


                  JOHN
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker in Bridgewater-gardens; I have known him ten years.
Q. Have you known him the last year? - A. Yes.
Q. How far did you live from him? - A. Three hundred yards; he is a sober, and very honest character, except while he was on the river Thames.
Q. How long was he on the Thames? - A. About four years.

ELIZABETH EVANS sworn.
I have known him four years; I never saw any harm by him, nor ever heard any.
WILLIAM HOOKER sworn.
I am brother to the prisoner; he worked for me, he has four small children, he worked very hard.
Graham, 

               GUILTY
            , (Aged 21.)
Hooker, GUILTY, (Aged 28.)
Clements, GUILTY, (Aged 18.)
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
They were again indicted for 


               stealing a black gelding, value 10l.
             the property of 
               
                  James
                   Lewis Desormeaux
               



            , but no evidence was offered.
All three 


               NOT GUILTY
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


