





258. 
               
                  
                     MATTHIAS 
                     KNUCKEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 19th of April
, a silk handkerchief, value 6d. three linen sheets, value 5s. a cotton waistcoat, value 1s. a cotton gown, value 10s. a stuff petticoat, value 2s. a linen shift, value 1s. two linen frocks, value 2s. a dimity petticoat, value 6d. a pair of flannel trowsers, value 3d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sedgeworth
                  




               
            .


                  RACHAEL
                   SEDGEWORTH
               



             sworn.
My husband's name is 
               
                  John
                   Sedge worth
               



            , I live at No. 3, Little Windmill-street


. I wash and gets up linen, and sells a few things in a front room. My things were taken Saturday the 19th of April, I locked my door and went into a neighbour's apartment, and took the key of the house with me; my neighbour's daughter alarmed me about three quarters of an hour after, her name is 
               
                  Maria
                   Porter
               



            , I was in her mother's room, she went out and called to me, and told me my door was open; on this I answered her my door was locked, and ran out immediately. I was on the same floor, only the passage parted the two apartments. When I came to my own door, I saw the man run out of the front door of the house.
Q. What door was it you locked? - My own apartment on the ground floor, that was the only door that I locked; there were other lodgers in the house.
Q. You say something about his being stopped, was he stopped near the door, or where? - I ran after him, he was stopped down the court, an officer belonging to Queen's-square stopped him; he is here.
Q. Did he run all the way till he was stopped? - Yes.
Q. Who was the man that was stopped? - The man at the bar.
Q. Did you see any part of your property brought back? - When I returned to my apartment, I found my drawers opened, and a good deal of property taken out.
Q. What did you miss? - Not any thing, every thing was there, they were put on the bed they had been taken out of the drawers, a silk handkerchief, three linen sheets, one gown, two waistcoats, one petticoat, two child's frocks, one child's petticoat, a woman's shift, and a pair of flannel drawers.
Q. Where were these articles left when you went out of your apartment? - In one and the same drawer.
Q. Was the drawer locked? - No.
Q. How lately had you seen them there? the same day, I had occasion to go to the drawer.
Q. When they were laying on the bed were they tied up or laying loose? - Laying loose, one on the top of another, and one sheet taken off the bed and laid on a chair by the side of the bed.
Q. Was your apartment broke open, or how? - I cannot say that the lock was injured at all. I am very sure I left it locked, and there was no appearance of violence to it.
Q. Was it an upper or lower drawer? - It was the top but one, not the top, but the next to it.
Q. Did you ever lose sight of the man who ran out of the house? - No, never did.



                  MARIA
                   PORTER
               



             sworn.
Q. I understand you are a neighbour of Mrs. Sedgeworth's? - Yes. About a quarter past four, on the 19th of April, Mrs. Sedgeworth, was in our room, the adjoining room to her own apartment, in the same house, and directly I went out I see her door open, directly I hallooes out, Mrs. Sedgeworth! your door is open; I did not see any body myself that minute, directly she comes out and said, my door is double locked; I pushed against the door, and the man directly came out and knocked me down; he doubled his fit and hit me over the eye.
Q. Then you had no opportunity of taking much notice of the person of the man? - Yes, I saw the man quite plain.
Q. Did you see any man afterwards brought back? - Yes, I followed him all the way with Mr. Sedgeworth.
Q. Did you lose sight of him till he was apprehended? - No.
Q. You see the constable stop him, did you? - Yes.
Q. He was accidently going by I suppose? - Yes.
Q. Who is that man that was so stopped? - That is the man, the prisoner at the bar.
Q. You see the things, I suppose, laying on the bed? - Yes.
Prisoner. I only wish to know whether I had not turned a corner about fifty yards, when three curriers laid hold of me? - He never turned a corner out of my sight, I was after him all the way.


                  JAMES
                   CREEDLAND
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of Queen's-square. On this 19th of April I was just coming home, (I live in the same street,) it was about a quarter before five, between four and five, and I heard a noise of stop thief! I stopped, and I saw the prisoner at the bar run by, he ran from a house, No. 3, and these two witnesses, the prosecutrix and the other, following him, then I ran out as hard as I could run after him, and he turned into Poultney-court, a short court in Little Windmill-street, there is a throughfare in that court, but there is some posts goes across, and that is how I catched him, because he could not pass the post so quick.
Q. You are very sure that the prisoner was the man that these two women were in pursuit of? - Yes, I am very certain it is the same man, I apprehended him; and he says, what do you lay hold of me, for? I told him I would tell him soon what I laid hold of him for, and I took him back to Mrs. Sedgeworth's room, and found the door open, and seeing this property, which I have got here, laying on the bed in one heap, one upon another, then I saw the other sheet spread on a chair, close by the other things, then I took and bundled it all up together, and have had it in my possession ever since.
Prisoner. The gentlewoman took the property from the constable; I had the privilege of going for a soldier, but having the venereal disease, they would not take me, till I was cured; I was taken away for two days.
Creedland. I did give them back to the woman for a short time, for about an hour or so, and she gave me the same articles back again.
Mrs. Sedgeworth. These things are all mine.
Prisoner. I was coming past this woman's house, and I had got about twenty yards from the door, and they cried out stop thief! I walked about fifty yards, and then three curriers took hold of me, and they took me back to the woman's place; I was going after a place where I had been to work.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
