






554. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     MILES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HESTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of September
, thirty-two pounds weight of horse hair, value 4l. 16s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Robbins
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   ROBBINS
               



             sworn. - I am an agent to Withers and company
 of Leicester-square, for conducting their business at the water-side at the Custom-house.
Q. Are you a wharfinger? - A. No, I am a porter; I do business for Sir 
               
                  John
                   Francis Baring
               



             at the water-side, and a number of other gentlemen who intrust their property to my care; I am answerable for it. On the 26th of September, I landed twenty-six casks of horse hair, containing three thousand two hundred and sixty-one pounds, in three hogsheads, at the Custom-house quay


; two of them the land-waiter gave me out of charge, those I loaded away, one cask was kept in charge for the post entry; it was close by a carriage that had been landed from Hamburgh for Lord Henley in the afternoon; between four and five, I saw the head of the cask off, when I had seen it before, it was well secured with two good lining hoops; the next morning I missed three quarters of a hundred, and eighteen pounds of horse hair, besides thirty-two pounds that I saw the prisoner throw away; it had been weighed in the morning nett, for the King's duty, and put into the cask again; it weighed one thousand three hundred and twenty-seven pounds, besides taking the tare off; I got some information, and went up into the crane-room,where I saw the two prisoners at the bar, and a man of the name of Shepherd; I saw each of them chuck a parcel of horse hair away into a little bit of a place on one side of the crane-room; either one of the prisoners, or Shepherd, I cannot say which, said, he is coming; I was then about half-way up the ladder; I secured the hair immediately; it weighed thirty-two pounds; when I went down the ladder, the prisoners were at the bottom of the ladder; I was at the bottom almost as soon as they were; I was not more than a few minutes picking it up; I laid hold of one of them, got assistance, and they were both secured, and had before the Lord Mayor; Shepherd has made his escape.
Q. What reason had you to suppose, that the horse hair you so found, was part of that parcel? - A. There had been no horse hair at Custom-house quay for six weeks or two months before that, I am very certain of.
Q. You had not seen either of the prisoners about the cask? - A. No, I had often seen them before, and they must know me; I delivered the horse hair to the constable.


                  WILLIAM
                   HEADINGTON
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I was applied to immediately after this happened, to take the prisoners in charge; I had a deal of trouble to get Hester along; it was a very wet night, and I could not get a coach; he threw himself down in the dirt several times, till I got to Mark-lane; I pinned him up at the Corn-market a good while, till some people got me a coach; the other man was very obedient, and endeavoured to persuade the other, but he was very drunk, and I could not get him along; Hester afterwards said, I had not got the capital thief, for Shepherd was the principal; he refused to go with me till I got a coach.
Robbins. I have no doubt but it is the very same hair that I weighed in the cask in the morning; it has every appearance of being the same.
Miles's defence. I had been at work all night at night-work; I went down in the morning to see if I could get some work, I could not get any, and between one and two o'clock, being up all night, I went into this cane-room to go to sleep, when I came down they stopped me at the bottom of the ladder.
Hester's defence. I have just the same to say, for I was at work with him and asleep with him.
Miles, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 29.)
Hester, GUILTY. (Aged 28.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
