





606. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     SHEPPARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of September
, a silver watch, value 40s. a steel chain, value 3d. a steel seal value 3d. a watch-key, value 1d. and two guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Mulliner
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Edward
                         M'Cleugh
                     



.


                  THOMAS
                   MULLINER
               



             sworn.
I am a porter
; on the 29th of last month, about eleven or twelve o'clock at night, I met with the prisoner in Cheapside and she took me to her lodgings; I had my watch and my money when I sent there, I was rather in liquor; I did not miss till the patrole came to wake me about two o'clock in the morning; I told him I had lost two guineas in gold, and my watch, the woman was me.
Q. Are you sure that is the woman? - A. Yes, I am sure it is her, I never saw her before.


                  THOMAS
                   COCKMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole: I met with the prisoner's landlady; she desired me to go down to her house, for that the prisoner had robbed a man of his watch and two guineas, that was up stairs a-bed and a-sleep; I went, and Mrs. M'Cleugh gave charge of her; she said she had swallowed the two guineas, and I asked her for the property, and she gave me the watch out of her hand; she denied knowing any thing about the money; I went up stairs and waked him; he appeared to have been very much intoxicated; I found up stairs a purse lying inside out upon the bed, (producing the watch and the purse.)
Mulliner. This is my watch.
Cockman. She was taken violent bad in the night, and when the doctor came she confessed she had swallowed it; I told her it would be better for her to confess.


                  DAVID
                   BREWER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of St. Sepulchre's: I was present when the prisoner was brought in; I found nothing upon her.
Prisoner's defence. There was another man and woman in bed in the same room; I never saw the money nor a halfpenny; he gave me the watch because he had nothing else; he was very much intoxicated with liquor.




               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.) Of stealing to the value of 39s.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
