





399. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DENMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July
 last, 6 lb. of raw sugar, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Gascoigne
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dawson
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Dixon
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES
                   GASCOIGNE
               



             sworn.
The latter end of June last, I had information: in consequence of it I went upon the wharf, and found the prisoner was in the warehouse, and I saw the prisoner come out of the warehouse; he was a confidential servant
, entrusted with all the keys to a great amount. I followed him to a chandler's-shop in Thames-street. I went into the shop, and said,
"William, where do you come from?" he said,
"Sir, I have this moment come from the warehouse; I came from the warehouse directly here." I asked his business, he said he came to buy his dinner, and produced a shilling. I asked him if he had not some other business; if he had not some property abouthim that did not belong to him; he said no, he was ready to be searched; I did search him, and under the waistband of his breeches was a handkerchief with sugar; I told him to take it out; he did so; I asked him where he got it; he begged to be forgiven; he had never done any thing of this kind before.


                  WILLIAM
                   BUNYAN
               



             sworn.
I am a porter; I went into the shop; Mr. Gascoigne gave charge of him.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
