







511. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BAKER
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SETCH
                  



               
            , were indicted, the two first for 


               feloniously stealing a silver watch, value 20s. a silk string, value 1d. a metal seal, value 2d. a brass key, value 1d. a silver boatswain's call, value 4s. a satin waistcoat, value 2s. a linen handkerchief, value 3d. and a pair of plated buckles, value 2d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Bleckey
                  



               
            , August 26

; and the other for 


               receiving part of the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  ALEXANDER
                   BLECKEY
               



             sworn.
I am a seafaring man, a boatswain
: On Friday morning the 26th of August, about three o'clock, I fell in with 
               
                  Mary
                   Thomas
               



            ; I went home with her in Rodney-row, in the parish of St. Paul's, Shadwell



; I went to bed with her; I awoke about four in the morning, and she was gone; I then got up to look for my property, and it was gone; a silver watch with an old metal seal to it, a silk string and a metal key, a boatswain's call with 
               
                  John
                   Belmont Hodgson
               



             upon it in letters, a black satin waistcoat, a pocket handkerchief, and a pair of plated knee-buckles.
Q. No money? - A. No.
Q. What were you to have given her? - A. I gave her 3s. before I went to bed with her; I waked about four o'clock, and then I got up and went into another apartment on the same floor, where 
               
                  Mary
                   Baker
               



             and another woman, who is not here, were in bed; I asked them if they knew what was become of the woman I went to bed with; they told me they did not; I told them I was determined not to leave their company or the place till I found my property; upon which I remained till almost eight o'clock; I then sent for an officer, 
               
                  John
                   Cook
               



            , to look after the property; I sent one spicks to go for him, and I remainedin the house till he came; he came, and in searching of Mary Baker she dropped a handkerchief; upon which I said that was mine.
Q. You had no connection with her at all? - A. No; he asked me what mark there was upon it, and I told him it was stained with tobacco; Baker took Cook and I over to Mr. Turner's house, about a stone's throw distance, and in searching there the first thing he sound was the call; I did not see him find it; he shewed it me, and I told him it was mine; he then produced my watch and knee-buckles, and satin waistcoat.
Q. Did you see any more of Mary Thomas? - A. Not till after she was taken.
Q. When you went into this room to lay with 
               
                  Mary
                   Thomas
               



            , did you see any other woman? - A. No; I did not see Baker till I got up and found her in the other room.
Cross-examined by Mr. Trebeck. Q. What ship do you belong to? - A. No ship; I am out of place entirely.
Q. Were you sober by eight o'clock in the morning? - A. I was not very much intoxicated; I was a little.
Q. What business had you at three o'clock in the morning picking up women? - A. That was the morning I had left my ship, the Bangalore; I had been on board the ship, and we had been making merry; and had two glasses of grog, and came on shore between two and three o'clock.
Q. How came you by the satin waistcoat? - A. I had a satin waistcoat and a pair of satin breeches on.
Q. When had you seen this call? - A. About ten minutes before I met with 
               
                  Mary
                   Thomas
               



            .
Q. You had been paid? - A. Yes.
Q. Did your wages only amount to 3s.? - A. I had sent my wages home to my daughter-in-law.
Court. Q. Are you sure you did not give her this watch, because you had no more money? - A. No; I gave them nothing.
Q. You did not part with your call? - A. No.
Baker. He sat with us all day till between five and six o'clock, drinking.


                  JOHN
                   COOK
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoners on Friday the 26th of August last, about one o'clock in the day; the prosecutor and another came to me at the Shadwell-office, and told me he had been robbed of his property in Rodney-row, Shadwell; I went with him to the house, and in that house the prisoner Baker was; on searching her she dropped this handkerchief, which the prosecutor immediately claimed; she told me she received it of 
               
                  Mary
                   Thomas
               



            ; I then went with the prosecutor to 
               
                  William
                   Turner
               



            's, in New Gravel-lane, a lodging-house; I went up two pair of stairs and found 
               
                  Mary
                   Thomas
               



            ; on searching her, I found the knee-buckles I produce; on questioning her for the rest of the property, she told me she had left them with the prisoner Setch; I went down below, where the prisoner was, I told her, I must search the house for stolen property, (I did not at the time mention the articles,) she told me, I was very welcome, there was none there; I then asked her, where was the bundle she received from Mary Thomas, mentioning the watch, call, and waistcoat, she said, she had taken them to the prisoner, Thomas's mother, and if I would go with her, she would get them; I accordingly did, she asked the mother for the bundle, and I took her in custody before the Magistrate,(produces the property).
Prosecutor. This is my waistcoat, call, and watch.
Cook. Cross-examined by Mr. Trebeck. Q. Whoever stole these things. Thomas's mother received them? - A. She had them.
Q. You went to this house and found Setch; you know who that house belongs to? - A. Yes; William Turner.
Q. I believe the prisoner, Setch, lives with Turner, does not she? - A. Yes, I believe she does.
Q. Of course, has the care of whatever property Turner brings home? - A. She certainly has.
Q. Turner keeps a lodging-house for all sorts of people? - A. Yes.
Q. She lives with him as his wife? - A. Yes; she passes as such.
Q. The story Setch told you about giving them to Thomas's mother was true? - A. Yes.
Q. Who directed you to Turner? - A. Baker.
Thomas's defence. I had been at Blackwall to see a man I had cohabited with, coming home, I met this man, and we had two half pints of gin; I went to Mary Baker's, knowing she had a room to spare; we went both up stairs, he said, he had no money, and gave me the watch till morning, when he would make me a compliment; in the morning, I went to fetch half a pint of gin, and met with some friends, and one gave me a glass, and another a glass, till I was very much intoxicated, and forgot the man; I went to Setch, and asked her to take care of it till I was sober, till I could deliver it to the person I had it of, she did not know it was stole.
Thomas, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Baker, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Setch, NOT GUILTY.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
