





436. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     PAGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of June
, two pieces of woollen cloth, in length 20 yards, value 6l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Chandler
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .



                  BENJAMIN
                   CHANDLER
               



             sworn. - I am a wollen-draper
 in St. Paul's Church-yard


; I know nothing of the loss.
Q. Is your shop a part of your house? - A. Yes.
THOMAS MASON sworn. - I am an articled servant to Mr. Chandler: On the 19th of June, I lost two pieces of cloth out of the shop, containing about twenty yards, worth six pounds; I saw the prisoner go out of the shop with it, I ran after him, he turned up Black-swan-alley; I saw him throw down the goods, I picked them up, and called out, stop thief; I returned to the shop, and in about five minutes the prisoner was brought back, I am sure he is the man; I followed him along the Church-yard, within ten yards of him, I did not see his face that I could notice him, I knew him by his coat, and by his size.


                  EDWARD
                   STRATTON
               



             sworn. - I heard the cry of stop thief in Carter-lane, Black-swan-alley comes into Carter-lane; the prisoner was the first person that came up, and I stopped him; he said he had done nothing, and I asked him what he ran away for; then I took him by direction to Mr. Simpson's, in St. Paul's Church-yard, and there the last witness owned him.


                  ROBERT
                   BUNYARD
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner, I did not see him till he was brought back again,(produces the property); I have taken care of it ever since.
Mason. These are Mr. Chandler's goods, they were in the shop before I saw the prisoner run out.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the crime laid to my charge.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 39s.
             (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
