





404. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LYON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of July
, 20 lb. weight of starch, value 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Newell
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   NEWELL
               



             sworn.
I am a tallow-chandler
, the prisoner was taken with 4 papers of starch.
- LEE sworn.
I get my living in the streets, I am what they call a Castar - . I met this lad coming through the lane from the half-way house Redman's-Row, he had 4 papers of starch in his apron, there was another boy with him, I suspected they had stolen something, I took him and Price going to the watch-house; Mr. Newell came out, he was about a quarter of a mile from Newell's house; I saw this boy hand the starch over the bank. I went up to him and he seemed to be easing himself; I asked what he had there, he said some starch, he was going with it to Catherine Wheel Alley; that was about ten o'clock in the morning, I think on Saturday the 7th of July.


                  Samuel
                   Newell
               



            . This boy was brought by my door and I missed 4 papers of starch, they supported some rushes in my window, when I discovered the loss the rushes were all loose; it is marked by the starch-makers and the Excise officers.


                  WILLIAM
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I produce the Starch (Produces 4 papers)
Prosecutor. This starch exactly correspondswith the starch I had at home, and is marked No. 52. I cannot say what number of papers I had in the house; the starch might cost about 13 s.
Prisoner. A man offered me a shilling to carry it to Ratcliff-Highway, and ran away while I was easing myself.




               GUILTY
            . (Aged 17)
Of stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
