





572. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HARDMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of September
, five ounces of nutmegs, value 10s. eighteen pounds of shap, value 15s. a jar filled with vinegar and gherkins, value 3s. a carpet-broom, value 2s. 6d. a clothes-brush, value 2s. and two yards of black lace, value 12d.
             the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Vollam
               




            .
JOSEPH VOLLAM sworn. - I am an oilman
 in Wardour-street: The prisoner was my servant
 six or seven months; I know nothing of the transaction myself.


                  JOHN
                   HAWTHORNE
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of St. Ann's: About eleven o'clock at night I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody.
Mr. Vollam. I was present when the things were taken out of her boxes, they were searched in the prisoner's presence, in the back kitchen; there was a jar of vinegar and gherkins, and a clothes-brush, and two yards of black lace locked up in her box; it was impossible for me to miss these things out of about thirty or forty thousand articles; the property is most of it here; the soap was found upon the cistern.

Q. How do you know the prisoner at the bar stole that soap? - A. I believe either she or the man that was in bed with her did; I found a man in bed with her between eleven and twelve o'clock at night; the nutmegs were found upon the top of the bureau bedstead.
Q. How do you know she put them there? - A. I do not know; it is impossible to swear to any articles in my shop.
Q. Do you know any thing of the lace? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gruney. Q. This person who was with the prisoner, I believe, you had some acquaintance with? - A. He was an acquaintance of my wife's sister.
Q. The only things found in the box were the brush and the lace, and the gherkins? - A. Yes.
Q. And the only thing you have any mark upon is the brush? - A. Yes.
Q. Will you swear you had never sold that brush? - A. Yes; I will swear I never sold one like that in my life.
Q. I believe you had a gentleman a lodger? - A. Yes.
Q. You will not swear that she had not taken that brush to brush that gentleman's coat? - A. He had a man to brush his coat.
Q. But will you swear that she never did? - A. I think I could.
The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence, but called one witness, who had known her seven years, and gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
