





573. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of August
, five yards and a quarter of printed cotton, value 15s. two chintz shawls, value 5s. and a chintz half shawl, value 2s. 6d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ralph 
                           Read
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  RALPH
                   READ
               



             sworn. - I am a linen-draper; I live in Fleet-market


: On the 12th of August, about ten o'clock in the morning, I was out upon business; when I returned, the prisoner was purchasing goods; I was on the same side of the counter that she was; I saw her put her hand to her pocket-hole, and attempted, as I thought, to draw something up her cloaths; I told her I suspected the had got more that belonged to her; she said, she had not, and that instant a piece of printed cotton fell upon the floor; I cannot say that it dropped from her, but it was lying down close by her; previous to my speaking to her it was not there; she begged that I would not hurt her, that she was an unfortunate woman; I asked her if she had got any thing else; she said, she had not; I sent for a constable, and, in the mean time, she set herself upon a stool, and put her head to her pocket hole, and pulled out two and a half of chintz shawls; I took them from her, and delivered the property to the constable.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.Have you any partner? - A. No; nobody at all.
Q. Had she any thing in her apron in a bundle? - A. I do not know, I did not observe that she had.


                  WILLIAM
                   CHERRIS
               



             sworn. - I am the patrole of St. Bride's; about ten o'clock in the morning on the 12th of August, I was going past the prosecutor's door, and he called me in and gave me charge of the prisoener at the bar. (Produces the property.)
Read. This is my property, it has my mark upon it.
Q. What is the value of them? - A.Twenty shillings.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You have more cottons of the same sort, I take it for granted, in your shop? - A. No, I have not; this is a gown-patch.
Q. These shawls have your private mark? - A. Yes.
Q.And when they are sold, you do not take out your mark? - A.No.
Q. Then such a shawl might get into the world, and into another person's hands? - A. It might, but it is very unlikely.
Prisoner's defence. I had some meat and some plumbs when the gentleman laid hold of me; the gentleman said, that as the shawls were stained, I must have had them, for the stain of the meat had come through my apron on to the shawls as I stood at the counter.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury, before Mr. Justice ASHHURST.
