










477. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WILLIAMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of May

, a silver tea spoon, value 6 d. three linen napkins, value 1 s. a linen napkin, value 4 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Taunton
                  





               
            .


                  SARAH
                   TAUNTON
               



             sworn.
I live in Market-lane, St. James's-Market, No. 19



. 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Williams
               



             lived with me five months and a fortnight; I always thought her a very honest servant


 while she was in my service; I had no character with her only from her sister. On Sunday the 5th of May, a young man came to me after dinner, and asked for the name of Elizabeth, and asked if she had lived with me? I told him yes; I had then discharged her,and she was at a grocer's, another place, she had left my place about six weeks to the best of my knowledge, I told him that such a person had lived with me; he pulled out some tea spoons and asked me if any one of them were mine? I owned one; I went afterwards to her place, looked at her box with the constable, and found this property in her box; I went to one Mr. Barnes's a grocer in Princes-street, Piccadilly, on Sunday the 5th of May, and in her box was found three pocket handkerchiefs, a napkin, and a tea spoon.
Q. Was she present? - She was not.
Q. Was the box locked? - It was, and was opened by Price the constable; she was taken up by the master, Mr. Barnes; I did not appear against her the Monday, because he came to me the Monday morning, and begged I would not, and that he would not go; so by that she was discharged; when she went to the constable to demand my property, and likewise her own spoons, the constable would not give them up. I was sent for to Bow-street about a month ago last Saturday, by an order from the magistrate to go there and prove my own property; when I came to Bow-street I saw my property, and was very much against swearing to it, but I did at last.
Q. Is there any mark on it? - Yes.
Q. Who took her up at that time? - Nobody; she went to the magistrate to demand the property of the constable as I did not appear against her.
Q. She behaved well in your service? - Exceedingly rude several times which made me part with her at a day's notice.
Mr. Knapp. This unfortunate woman at the bar lived with you five months, during that time she deserved a very good character? - Yes, as far as I know.
Q. You say in consequence of some information you went, and in her box the spoons were found? - No, the gentleman brought the spoons to me; there were more than one spoon, six or seven in the whole, and one of mine.
Q You did not mean to prosecute her? - No.
Q. Did not you desire her to go to Bow-street to claim her property? - No, I told her to get the property and I would not hurt her.
Q. Then she did go to Bow-street to claim the property of her own accord? - She certainly did go to Bow-street.
Q. Do you know how often she might have gone to the constable's before she went to Bow-street? - I do not.
Q. Did you ever hear that she went to the constable's two or three times? - Yes, at the justice's.
Q. A week had elapsed before you got to the justice's? - I don't know whether it was a week or a fortnight.
Q At last she was charged on your complaint, now she is committed and on your charge? - I have spoke the truth.
Q. You was very much against swearing to the property? - I did not wish to hurt her.
Q. What became of the property after you searched her box, was she discharged from Mr. Barnes's service? - The matter is, she was employed by Mr. Barnes as a charewoman, I fancy he did discharge her in two or three days, he did not immediately, I never went to the house again.
Q. Did not you go back to Mr. Barnes's? - Never there only Sunday the 5th of May, and that day the prisoner was not there, she was at the Round house.
Q. Then she was not by when the box was searched? - No.
Q. Then whether it was her box or not you don't know? - I make no doubt 
it was her box, I know it was her clothes.
Q You told the prisoner to go to the constable for the property, where did yousee her? - At her lodgings.
Q. I believe you have lost your husband? - I have.
Q. I believe she attended him to the time of his death? - I beg your pardon, I attended him myself.
Court. When you came to this Mr. Barnes's you examined the box? - I cannot speak to the box.
Q Who was present? - The constable, Mr. Barnes and myself.
Q You desired her to get the property? - I told her if she would get the property I would not hurt her.
Q. It was by your request she applied to the constable? - It was.
Mr. Knapp. The prisoner went by the appointment of the constable to the magistrate? - I don't know nothing about it.
Q. Did not you hear that she had been before to the magistrate, and the constable was not there, and she attended another day? - I know nothing about it.


                  JOHN
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I am the constable of St. James's parish; I was present when these handkerchiefs and this napkin was found in her box, she gave me the key.
Q Have you got the key here? - No, I gave it her back again, it was a paper box, a ban box; that was not locked where these things were, I am sure of it, the spoons were in a box that was locked but not the napkin and handkerchiefs, the spoons were in a trunk lined with leather, it was a common key she gave; I asked her which was her box? and told her it would be better for her to tell; when I took these things the prisoner was in custody at the watch-house, then she was examined the next morning for another robbery, I was constable of the night on Saturday night; I did not attend before the magistrate because the watch-house keeper had took her up till I came; I was attending on Mr. Hastings's trial.
Q. Are you an hired constable? - Yes. Because you ought to know that when a person is trying for one offence you have no right to give evidence of any other.
Q. How long have you been a constable? - A year and a half.
Q. I think you should have known your business better than to give evidence in this kind of way. When did you see her after she called at your house? - Two or three times after, she came for the property.
Q. Why did not you deliver it to her? - The magistrate advised me not to do it.
Q. Did you go to the prosecutor with it? - No, I did not, I did not think it was proper, I did not know who to deliver it to; I went to Mr. Addington's and he desired that the maid might come forward and swear to the property.
Q. Did you tell her if she came before the justice that she would have it? - I did, I told her so, I fixed the time.



               Not GUILTY
            ,
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
478. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     STACK
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     STACK
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January

 a feather bed, value 1 l. 10 s. two woollen blankets, value 9 s. a feather bolster, value 4 s. two feather pillows, value 8 s. a looking glass, value 10 s. an iron trivet, value 9 d. a flat iron, value 6 d. an iron footman, value 3 d. a mahogany tea board, value 1 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Justice
                        





                     
                   in a lodging room
            .



                  Edward
                   Stack
               






               acknowledged himself Guilty
             and exculpated his wife
.


                  Edward
                   Stack
               



             GUILTY.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Mary Stack 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
