





118. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of November
, one silver watch, value 1 l. one steel watch chain, value 6 d. two brass watch keys value 2 d. one steel watch key, value 1 d. one steel seal, value 1 d. one steel bed hook, value 1 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Foxley
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   FOXLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a day labourer
; I have been in town a little while at work, at Mr. Hull's livery stables, in little Moorfields:


 I laid there on the 17th of November; I went to bed a little before ten; when I went to bed I pulled off my breeches and laid them below my head; my watch was in my breeches; I awaked about eight in the morning and got up; I did not miss my watch before; my breeches were gone from the head of the bed, and lay at the foot of the bed, and my watch was taken out, it was a silver case watch, both cases; this man had been at work with me for about three weeks, he lay in the same room with me, but not that night; I saw him at the King's Head in Angel-alley that night, he knew where I lay; I did not lock the door because there were two young fellows I expected to come to bed; this was on the 17th, Saturday.


                  JOHN
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of the city. On the 20th of November Foxley came to me and said, he had lost his watch and asked me to go along with him and apprehend the prisoner; I told him I was obliged to go to the Mansion house; he said, he expected to see him at twelve o'clock; says I, do you seize him, when I came back I found he had taken the man; I went before the Lord Mayor and he was discharged and nothing found on him. On some other occasion his master had desired me to get some duplicates of blankets which he had lost, he said, he had made away with them; I saw his wife and him fumbling in a box together; I catched hold of the box, and I found this duplicate in her hussiff in the box, pledged on Wednesday night after he had been turned up by the Lord Mayor; the maker's name was on the duplicate, which the prosecutor told me; I acquainted the prosecutor; he went with me to the pawnbroker's and said, it was his watch.

Prisoner. The person that you took the duplicate from was not my wife, nor did belong to me nor was it my room. - You called her your wife, and you lodged there.
Mr. BAKER sworn.
I live with Mr. Harrison the corner of Tottenham court road, opposite great Russel-street; I know the prisoner. On the 20th of November, between eight and nine in the evening, he came to me to pledge a silver watch; I am sure I took it of that man; I took it in for 12 s. 6 d. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. My lord this man accuses me of my apartment belonging to me, it does not; I never took the room nor lodged in it, nor paid rent for it; I took my linen to wash there once a week; I had no property in the box.
Court. How came you to pawn them? - I did not.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years.
            

Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
