





232. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PAGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault upon Sarah, the wife
 of 
                     
                        
                           Conrade 
                           Vidall
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Conrade, on the 19th of March
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person a leather purse, value 1d. and two pounds ten shillings, the monies of the said Conrade
            .


                     SARAH 
                     VIDALL
                  



               
             sworn. - I am the wife of Conrade Vidall; I live at No. 6, New Lisle-street


, I keep a confectioner's and pastry-cook's shop
: On Tuesday night, the 19th of March, between seven and eight o'clock, two men came into the shop; one of them asked if I had a custard; I told him I had not; he then took up a cake; the other said, come along; the other said, no, you shall not go without having something, and then they had a tart each, and when he was eating of it, he threw down a seven-shilling piece; I rather suspected them; I doubted the seven-shilling piece; I sounded it on the counter, and found it to be a very good one.
Q. Was the prisoner one of those persons? - A. The prisoner was the person that did every thing,the other did nothing; I founded it, and told him I could not change it; I pulled out the till, which had silver in it, and I said, yes, sir, I can; and I took the purse out of the till, which he snatched out of my hand; and as he was wrenching it out of my hand, he could not get it out of my hand easy; he dropped a seven-shilling-piece out of it; then they both ran away with the purse, and the money that was in it.
Q. What was in your purse? - A. I cannot say positively to the money that was in the purse, I put, myself, into it, in the afternoon, a guinea and some silver; and there was gold and silver in the purse before, but how much I cannot say.
Q. Was there any struggle between you? - A. No, it was a sudden snatch; I was frightened, and put down the silver that I had in my other hand to endeavour to save the purse, but he got it from me, and ran away.


                  THOMAS
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - I heard a cry of stop thief, I went to the door, and saw two men running down Leicester-place, seeing nobody running after them, I ran after them myself, and took the prisoner; he was searched in the pastrycook's-shop, and the purse found upon him; or, it was seen to drop from him.


                  JOHN
                   NORTHALL
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: Mrs. Vidall saw it fall from his side upon the floor.
The prisoner put in a written defence, throwing himself upon the mercy of the Court, and stating that he lived with his father, a butcher, in Clare-market; that as soon as he was taken up, his father was distrained upon, and dragged to jail, and therefore he was prevented from having the benefit of Counsel.
One of the Jury. Q. Did any body see him drop the purse?
Mrs. Vidall. I saw the purse drop from him, and the constable picked it up.
GUILTY (Aged 15.)




               Of stealing, but not violently
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
