






557. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GALLOWAY
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILTON
                  , otherwise 
MULTON





            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 5th of October
, four pounds weight of bees'-wax, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  Valentine 
                  Labrow
               




            .
VALENTINE LABROW sworn. - I live in St. John's-street, West Smithfield: On Friday the 5th of October, I lost four pounds, and upwards, of bees'-wax, from my shop at Islington


; I was not in my shop at the time, I know nothing of it.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn. - I live with Mr. Labrow, I keep a shop at Islington for him: On the 5th of October, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I went out into the garden, I heard the door go, and I immediately came in again; I missed the bees'-wax, it was in the window when I went out; the constable followed the prisoners and brought them back, Benson and Galloway.
Prosecutor. Benson was admitted a King's evidence.
Roberts. Milton was not taken at that time; a piece was found upon him afterwards. (The bees'-wax was produced by the constable, who deposed, that he saw them run from the door, and that it was dropped by Galloway and Benson).
Roberts. I know this wax, it is very remark able bees'-wax, it had been in the shop two months.
JAMES BENSON sworn. - On the 5th of October, between ten and eleven in the morning, me and 
               
                  John
                   Benson
               



            , and 
               
                  William
                   Gallaway
               



            , went up to Islington, and seeing nobody in Mr. Labrow's shop, Gallaway went in, and brought out a piece of white bees'-wax, and gave it to me at the door; I had not it a moment before I gave it to 
               
                  John
                   Milton
               



            ; we went a little way along the houses, and then Milton crossed the way and stood leaning on a post; me and William Galloway went back to the shop, and saw there was an opportunity again; I went in, and took the bees'-wax that is now produced, and gave it to Galloway, who was then at the door; Mr. Isaacs then came after us, and took me and Galloway back; Milton was not taken till next morning.
Q. Are you sure that what you have said is true? - A. Yes.
The prisoners did not say any thing in their defence.
Galloway, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 14.)
Milton, GUILTY. (Aged 16.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
