





204. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RANDALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 27th of January
, 13 pieces of bar iron, of the weight of fifty-six pounds, value 7 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Crawshaw
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Crawshaw
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Thompson
                  



               
            .



                  JOHN
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
I am the patrole of Castle Baynard ward; I met the prisoner at the bar about two minutes before the half hour past six o'clock in the morning, on Sunday the 27th of January, he passed by me in Little Knight Rider-street, Doctor's Commons; I said, my friend what have you got there? he said, he had picked up a prize, and he kicked his foot against it at Paul's wharf, against the beer casks; says I, you must come along with me to the watch house and give a better account of yourself; I called to a man opposite, a soldier, to aid and assist me to take him to the watch-house, he took the man and I carried the iron; when he came into the watch-house his defence was, that he meant to carry it to the custom house, or leave it at the next watch house that he found open; we sent for Mr. Billing, Mr. Crawshaw's clerk, and he owned the property.
Q. How did you know it was Crawshaw's property? - Because it was so near the wharf; we found on him fifty-six pounds weight of iron; three bars.
Mr. Peat Prisoner's Counsel. You are a patrole? - I am.
Q. How far from this wharf that you speak of was from the prisoner? - Two or three hundred yards.
Q. Was the prisoner walking or running? - He was not running, he was walking very steady with a stick.


                  JOHN
                   CHAMBERS
               



             sworn.
I am watchman to Mr. Crawshaw for the wharf; the prisoner was King's watchman, comes on at two o'clock and comes off at day light, at six or seven, when it was his time for going he said, he would be for going home, he went off about half after six on the 27th of last month, Sunday morning; we had a plank that we lay from the corner of the wharf to the stairs, he had got half way over that plank, and I said, Randall, you may as well come back and help me to haul up that plank and he did, and he went away with nothing but his stick in his hand.
Mr Peat. It was your duty to attend on this wharf as well as the prisoner? - It was.
Q. When he left the wharf he had nothing but his stick? - He had no bundle at all, I see him go down the wharf.


                  JOHN
                   BILLING
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Messrs. Crawshaw, Son, and Thompson; 
               
                  Richard
                   Crawshaw
               



            , William Crawshaw and 
               
                  William
                   Thompson
               



            , they are ironmongers


; they keep an iron wharf, it is called Paul's wharf


, so is the next where the beer casks are; there is only a path way of stairs that parts them. On the 7th of January last, about seven in the morning I heard a rapping at the door, I was not up, and there was nobody in the house up and I rang the bell, and the maid got up and went down and let in a watchman, and he wanted to see me, and he told me there was a man taken up with some iron, and I went to the watch-house, and who should it be, but this prisoner at the bar, who had been a watchman on the premises for six or eight months, then I asked to look at the iron, and I was convinced at first sight that it was the property of Messrs. Crawshaw; I ordered the man to be sent to the compter till the next morning, doing that I returned immediately home; I always carry the key in my pocket; I went immediately to that pile of iron, which I conceived it had been taken from; it had been a frost the preceeding night, and I could perceive that the ground was rather fresh broke, it did not appear to have been done above an hour or two at furthest; two bars were missing, and the chalks were missing likewise; when they are laid they are placed perpendicularly, and the cross bars arechalked; I observed the place where a piece had been taken from very lately; I looked further round the yard to see where the other bars could be taken from, which I will not pretend to swear to; I believe it is one of our bars, but I cannot swear to it. (Deposed to the other two.)
Mr. Peat. You are clerk to these gentlemen, Messrs. Crawshaw, Son, and Thompson; how many partners are there in the house? - Three.
Q. No more? - Not that I know of.
Q. Then it seems that these premises from whence you suppose them to be taken, are on the side of Paul's wharf? - The whole premises is called Paul's wharf.
Q. How far is the beer casks from the premises of the partnership's wharf? - About ten or fifteen yards, there are in the common gang way, between the two wharfs.
Q. Then they are not at all on the premises of the house stated in the indictment? - No.
Q. Now these bars of iron you have told the court how you know them; tell us something more about them if you please. You know them by some chalk mark; I think, and there is one there that you did not swear to? - I did not swear, but I believe.
Q. Now the two that you swear to, do you know them by any thing else than the chalk mark on them? - I know them by their original mark.
Q. Now pray sir, these bars are manufactured from the oars? - They are.
Q. Now does this manufactory produce no other with that mark on them but what is sold at your house? - Very possible.
Q. Therefore it is very possible, and it necessarily follows, that there is a great deal of iron with these marks? - But I have something more to say; this part of the cargo that laid uppermost the lighter that it came in sunk, and the sand leaves a sort of muddy complection on the iron.
Q. How long has the iron you speak of been out of the barge? - About a fortnight or three weeks.
Q. You say the mud was of a particular complection; do you know the mud by the colour, smell or taste? for I confess you are better learned than I am. - I know it by the complection of the mud.
Q. Then it seems you know it by the complection, it is of a very different complection from all other Thames mud; I suppose in the next wharf it is more light or more dark; now about this notable chalk mark of your's, it seems to be a strait chalk? - It does.
Q. There is no other persons but at your house that chalks at all? - Yes, they do.
Q. Then perhaps your chalk is a particular colour and complection? - I do not describe it so.
Q. Then probably it is common chalk which every old woman uses, and it is nothing then a cross mark? - No, it is not.
Q. Was it marked unusually high or unusually low? - I have no particular mark from the chalk; the reason why we chalk, it is evidently that we may know if any is taken away.
Q. You did not see any person take it away? - I did not.


                  ROBERT
                   MAHANAM
               



             sworn.
On the 27th of January, in the morning, I saw this man as I went down Paul's wharf; I saw him stoop down and take up this iron; says he, in the name of God what is this? says I, I think it is a prize; says he, I am going to take it to the custom house, and when I get there I shall not get more than a pot of beer; the man turned his back to me and went off.
Q. What are you? - I am a seaman.
Q. What time in the morning was this? - At half after six.

Q How came you there at half after six? - I was going down to the necessary.
Q Where is the necessary? - On the left hand going down the stairs.
Q. Where did you see him? - Outside the wall of the wharf going down the stairs.
Court to Billing. Is there a passage between the two wharfs; - There is, and a public necessary and a shore underneath.
Court to Mahanam. Did you see Chambers there? - I did not; I saw no man but himself; he told me that he was going to take it to the Custom house; he said, he should not get more than a pot of beer for his share; it was half after six; it was a very light morning.
Q. Had you known the man before? - No, he does not know my name as I know of; but I happened to see his wife the 17th of last month, Sunday, I called to see a person in prison and I was standing at the door, and I heard a woman making a complaint; I should not have known the man if it had not been for the woman; I don't know this is the very man; I don't know what it is than what the wife told me; I never knew the man before; I might see his face but no further; I don't say that I recollect the man.
Q. Then for what you know it might be some other man? - I could swear to the iron I put my hand upon that morning by the length of the bar and the bag that it was in.
Q. How could you swear to the iron if it was in a bag? - The end stuck out.
Q. How came you just now to say that you could swear to the iron if you never saw it? - I clapped my hand on it and felt.
Q. Then from feeling of it you are enabled to swear to it? - Certainly I am.
The prisoner called seven witnesses to his good character, and the Counsel stated to the Court that the commissioners of the customs had a very good opinion of him.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 55.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
