





442. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BIRD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July
, four silk handkerchiefs, value 4s. a cotton window curtain, value 10s. and a linen table cloth, value 6s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bryan
                  




               
            .
The case opened by Mr. Alby.


                  WILLIAM
                   BRYAN
               



             sworn.
I live in George-street, Westminster


, I am an attorney
. I hired the prisoner at the bar about August last, in the beginning; she had lived in my service twice before; I had missed a variety of silk handkerchiefs and shirts of mine, and a servant of mine that had lived with me a vast number of years, he informed me that he believed the prisoner was the thief; and it was determined that the prisoner should quit my service, in consequence of property that I had missed. On Friday, the 4th of July, I went out in the afternoon, and did not come home very early, it might be between twelve and one o'clock; when I came home I found that she had beenendeavouring to get away, in my absence; when I came home I found the prisoner up in a room, and I asked her to let me examine her box; this she refused to do; on which I called up one of the other servants, and I asked him to give me the poker into the room; she still persisted, and I broke open the box with the poker; when I had so broke it open, I desired her to let me see what was there; and after she had taken out several things, there were several sheets of paper appeared at the bottom of the box, white fools cap paper, and letter paper; I happened to have a cane in my hand, and I put it down on the paper, and I found it gave way, on which I desired her to take off the paper, which she did, and then I came to a parchment deed, which she had pushed down, round against the sides of the box; I said, I don't believe this is the bottom of the box; on which I put down my hand, and found all these things at the bottom, which I now produce, four silk handkerchiefs, a cotton window curtain, and a linen table cloth; they are my property, the handkerchief was marked W. B. she picked out the B. but it is plain to be seen; the window curtain I know the pattern, I have five or six of them; the table cloth was marked with my name on it, the W is picked out, but it plain to be seen. I called in the watchman, and she was carried to Tothill fields.
Mr. Const. How many curtains had you of that sort? - Seven, I have only three left; we found the fringe of the rest at the prisoner's father's house in Ryegate.
Court. Was the other servant you spoke of just now, a man servant or a maid servant? - A man-servant, he is not here.
Mrs. BRYAN sworn.
I was present when the box was broke open; I saw these things taken out of the box, to the best of my belief, they are all my property; as to the curtains I have not the least doubt.


                  JOHN
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
When the prisoner at the bar was brought to the watch-house, in St. Margaret's Church-yard, about two o'clock Saturday morning, the 5th of this month, by the watchman, attended by Mr. Bryan; Mr. Bryan made a charge of felony against her; at the same time the watchman delivered a key to me; I have not the key now. These things were under lock and key that night, and I went the next morning, unlocked the place, and found this property; I have had it in my possession ever since.
- sworn.
I am the watchman; Mr. Bryan called me between the hours of one and two o'clock in the morning, on Saturday the 5th last, I went to him and asked him what was the matter? he said, he had a servant that had robbed him. I went into Mr. Bryan's house, and went up stairs with him, and he shewed me some handkerchiefs, which I believe these are the same, that he said he had taken from the prisoner.
Q. Was the prisoner by at that time? - No, she was up stairs above at that time.
Q. Did he shew you any thing besides? - Not at that present time.


                  Q. 
               


            Did he at any other time? -  Not that night, but he did when the box was opened, and the things were found; that was about eleven o'clock Saturday morning.
Q. Did not you know nothing of any other articles till the next morning eleven o'clock? - The over night he locked them up, and gave me the key, and told me there were other things; but I did not see them that night,

Court to Bryan. What time was it you took these things of the woman? - On the 4th of July, between one and two o'clock, between Friday and Saturday. The boxes that the watchman spoke to, were three other boxes, which were not examined that night.
Prisoner. I leave it all to my counsel.
Court to Bryan. Had you any character with her? - Yes, I had, of a gentleman, in the Borough, that she had lived with, and she had lived with me twice before, and I always considered her as a very good servant.
Jury. Was the key of the box found in her pocket? - She would not deliver it up, she had it in her pocket; the key I gave to the watchman was the key of the cupboard, where I locked up the things that night.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
