





414. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of May
, a silver watch, value 3l. a steel chain, value 4d. a steel seal, value 1d. and a brass key, value 1d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Arthur
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Elizabeth
                         Dobson
                     



.


                  JAMES
                   ARTHUR
               



             sworn.
I am a smith
; I lost a silver watch, and twenty-seven shillings; there was a steel seal, with Tallyho upon it; I had it in my pocket when I went to bed with this woman in Mutton-hill


, my money was in my breeches-pocket; I went to drink with my shop-mates at the Horse-and-Groom in St. John's-street, about half past six o'clock; I stopped there till half an hour after eleven.
Q. Drinking all that time? - A. Yes.
Q. And perfectly sober? - A. Yes; and perfectly sober; I went to my lodgings, and they were gone to bed; then I went down the street to see if I could find a public-house to sleep, and who should I meet but this person, and she persuaded me to go home with her to her lodgings; I took particular noticeof my watch when I went up to bed with her; she opened the padlock to go in and she struck a light, and asked me to strip and go to bed; I took particular notice of my money and my watch.
Q. Had you any particular reason for taking particular notice? - A. Yes; I thought I might get into bad company, and I wished to know; when I went to bed with her I gave her two shillings; I had twenty-seven shillings in silver all but half-a-guinea, which was in gold; I wound up my watch at eight o'clock while I was in the public-house; I pulled off my breeches and put them under the pillow, I am sure the watch and money was in them at that time; I slept with her some part of the night; I missed her between four and five in the morning, I awoke at that time, and got up, and went for a constable, I was not away above ten minutes; and when I came back, I found the same padlock upon the door that there was when I first went with her; the constable tried to find her all day of the Sunday, it was on the Saturday night that I went with her; we could not find her, and then I employed some officers; and Mr. Longden found her on Monday morning, and she was committed to Newgate.
Q. You were at the Magistrate's? - A. Yes; I saw her there, and from there she was committed to Newgate, that is three weeks ago last Monday; I have not seen my watch nor money since.


                  GEORGE
                   LONGDEN
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Hatton-Garden: I was sent for by the prosecutor to apprehend the prisoner; I enquired for her all over the neighbourhood, and I think it was Wednesday, or Thursday, before I found her at an old iron shop, the corner of Mutton-hill; I took her into custody, but found nothing upon her; when I knocked at the door they denied that she was there, but I insisted upon going in, and found her lying upon a bed.


                  JOSEPH
                   PENRYN
               



             sworn.
I am an officer; I went with Longden to apprehend the prisoner, and took her into custody; I believe it was on Wednesday, and brought her to the office.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw that man in my life before he took me up; that very night I was up nursing a woman.
Q. (To the prosecutor.) Whose house was this? - A. I don't know.
GUILTY, (Aged 40.)




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury; before The LORD CHIEF BARON.
