





326. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Banbury
                        




                     
                  , widow
, about the hour of two in the night, on the 5th of August
 last, and burglariously stealing therein one feather bed, value 20 s. a feather pillow, value 12 d. a bolster, value 2 s. two woollen blankets, value 10 s. a bed quilt, value 10 d. a cotton window curtain, value 6 d. two pair of snuffers, value 4 d. a brass pestle, value 4 d. a brass mortar, value 8 d. a looking glass, value 2 d. a cotton bed-gown, value 18 d. and a handkerchief, value 6 d. her property
            .


                  MARY
                   BANBURY
               



             sworn.
I am a widow. I keep house near Cannon-street turnpike, by St. George's in the East


; it is a little tenement by itself, with a garden. I was not at home, I did not sleep at home; nobody was in the house but my furniture; I frequently went on a visit; I had left it for a whole month, and no servant. I left the keys with a neighbour; I set no time for coming back; I used to come back frequently; I came home about eleven o'clock on the 9th, and found the street door had been attempted in five places, which appeared to be wrenched; then the bed-room window was broke, and forced in the brick work; I left all safe when I went out; they had taken out the brick work and the window frames, and got in that way; I missed all the articles in the indictment; they were all in that bed-room. I have seen them since at the rotation-office, the day I came home, at Mr. Staples's office. My bedding and bolster were ordered me back; the pillow is here. I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  GEORGE
                   DAWKINS
               



             sworn.
I am a victualler in St. George's, near to this prosecutrix's; I had the care of her house the 21st and 22d of July, and I left the key at a neighbour's house, named Pratt, where she ordered me, and fastened the house myself, and every thing was there and safe. I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  JOSEPH
                   PRATT
               



             sworn.
I received this key the 21st or 22d of July, from Mr. Dawkins, either Wednesdayor Thursday, and I kept the key till Mrs. Banbury called for it. I never saw the state of the house; I live 3 or 400 yards off. I gave her the key about eleven o'clock, the 9th of August.


                  JOHN
                   RILEY
               



             sworn.
On the 4th of August, about eleven at night, I was called out of my own house by a watchman, who is not here, and Mr. Story and me found another house broken open. We went across the fields, and between two and three in the morning we met the prisoner and another man with the goods in the indictment; the other man made his escape; they were close together; we met them by the halfway house in Stepney-fields; he was going from Mrs. Banbury's house quite a different way; I suppose he was a quarter of a mile from the house; Mr. Story and Mr. Whitfield were with me. This is the property we found on the prisoner; it was inside the bed, wrapped up in the blankets and sheets. This property dropped from the man who made his escape. I left the prisoner in custody of Mr. Story, who was with me, while I and Whitfield went after the other. The man that escaped had this long chisel, which matched with the place where the door was wrenched. I went to the house the Wednesday following; I did not hear of it before; the door of the house was wrenched in two or three different places, and the window broke open. It was between two and three in the morning when we met him; it was very dark that morning, I could not see the man that escaped; he got into a potatoe field.
Court. Might it not be three in the morning? - It might.
Was there not light enough to distinguish the features of a man? - Yes, when we laid hold of him. I have had the care of the things till now.
GEORGE STORY sworn.
I am a victualler. I was out with Riley; we met the prisoner at the halfway-house in Stepney-fields, opposite the door. I do not know Mrs. Banbury's house. Another man was with him; they were walking close together, and talking; we took all these things from them, and the chisel from the other man. It was very dark indeed.


                  THOMAS
                   WHITFIELD
               



             sworn.
I am a brazier. I was with the two last witnesses. (Deposed to the same effect.)
(The property deposed to by the prosecutrix.) One of the candlesticks she had had thirty-five years.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was hired as a porter to carry the things.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.




               GUILTY of stealing, value 39 s. but not of breaking and entering
            . (Aged 61.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
