





97. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     DECOURCY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of January
, a sowing piece, value 5s. a cloth gun bag, value 1s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Hobson
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   HOBSON
               



             sworn.
I keep the Orange tree, Orange-street, Bloomsbury




. On the 1st of January, on or about twelve o'clock, the prisoner at the bar in company with one Williams and a girl, came into my house and called for a pint of gin, which I served him with myself, he said he wanted to write a letter, enquiring at the same time for a 
               
                  Mrs
                   Ainsworth
               



            , whether she was in town, I informed him she was, in the course of half an hour they had another three penny worth, that I likewise served them, and they paid the reckoning and went away; they staid from about twelve o'clock til two; enter about six o'clock, the prisoner at the bar, in company with Williams returned again, the prisoner at the bar asked me for a sheet on paper, and pen and ink, and three-penny worth of gin and water,which I served him with myself, during this time they pretended to write a letter in my parlour, about three quarters of an hour; Williams afterwards came and asked for a wafer, and at the same time holds up the letter before my face, which gave me a suspicion; I went immediately to the parlour and missed my gun; I secured Williams immediately; Decourcy went out.
Q. When did you see this gun before it was taken? - The gun was in a woollen bag, and I had seen it about two or three minutes before I missed it. I then threatened Williams to send for a constable.
Q. Is the gun here? - Yes.
Mr. Knapp. I believe this young man was drunk? - It did not at all appear to me.
Q. Have you had occasion to know that that young man is creditably connected? - Not from any good authority.


                  GEORGE
                   CROSS
               



             sworn.
Q. You have got a gun? - Yes, I was sent for on the 1st of January, by Mr. Hobson, about seven o'clock in the evening; at that time he had one Williams in custody.
Q. How came you by the gun? - I went by the directions that Williams gave him; I pursued the prisoner and took him at a public house along with a girl; the Blue lion, Red lion passage, Red-lion-square, and brought him back with the gun; he said, he only borrowed it to go out a shooting one afternoon and he would have brought it back the next day.
Mr. Knapp. Was he drunk or sober? - To the best of my recollection he was perfectly sober.
Q. You took him at another public house, and he came from the Orange-tree? - Yes.
Prosecutor. That is my property; I know it by the particular figure and general appearance; I have had it to the best of my recollection two years, or two years and a half
Q. Have you any doubt about it? - None in the least.
Prisoner. I have nothing more to say than that I was brought up in the navy, and till now, have ever borne an irreproachable character. According to the prosecutor's own account I must be in liquor, for I had been drinking gin and water in the morning and afternoon; I did take the gun, but with no intent to sell it or make away with it; I was inebriated when I did it, and did it in consequence of a wager; Williams laid me a wager that I dare not take the gun out and go a shooting, and I took the gun out.
Mr. Knapp. Williams was taken up on this? he has been pressed, has he not? - I was informed so.


                  ROBERT
                   HAWKINS
               



             sworn.
I was captain's clerk on board the Gorgon; the prisoner at the bar, was a midshipman, I believe he is respectably connected, he was strictly honest and beloved by every body on board, particularly by Captain Parker and the officers. We went round the world together; we doubled Cape Horn, and the Cape of Good Hope twice, he was on board the Gorgon better than eighteen months with me.
Jury to Prosecutor. Was you acquainted with him before? - I never see him till that day, the 1st of January.
Q.Was Williams acquainted with you? - I never see either of them till that day twelve o'clock, to my knowledge.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
