





512. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     FRANCIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault on 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Fonke
                        




                     
                  , on the 25th of June
, and putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, a silver watch, value 1 l. 10 s. a watch chain, value 1 d. a brass key, value 1 d. a cornelian seal set in base metal, value 1 d. and 52 pieces of foreign gold coin, value 41 l. 12 s.
             the goods, chattles and monies of the said 
               
                  Christopher
                   Fonke
               



            .


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   FONKE
               



             sworn.
I was robbed yesterday at eleven o'clock in the day time; I wanted to go down into the City, to exchange my Foreign gold, and I came into Holborn, and the crowd was very strong, I met a procession there, I stopped at No. 228, High Holborn


, not to go among the crowd, there were iron rails before the house about half a yard high; I stepped up on the rails not to come among the crowd; there came three or four people that wanted to push me down from the rails, they pushed me down at last, one took my stick from me; I took the stick again from the man, and stepped back again on the same place on the rails; I stood there about a quarter of a minute; they pushed me very much about, and the prisoner came and took my watch out of my pocket, he catched it by the chain, and pulled it out; I laid hold of the prisoner; there was a great fighting against me, four or five more pushing me very much about, I held him fast, and took him into a shop, I then seek about for my watch, and charged him with it, and felt about him in his body; when I could not find it about him, I saw it in his hand; I griped after the watch with my hand, and he threw it away over his shoulder among the crowd of people; I saw him throw it, the watch was recovered, and I felt still in my pocket, and there was the money gone, fifty-two pistoles, Brunswick, French and Prussian coin, all gold; Icannot say who took that, there was no money found on him.
Q. Did you find any money again? - No, none at all; a constable brought the watch into the shop to me.
Q. How long do you think it might be from your being pushed by three or four people, and your stick snatched from you by one of them, before the boy snatched the watch out of your pocket? - About a minute the whole; not above.
Q. I want to know whether before the boy snatched the watch, you happened to see him in the crowd? - I cannot say that.


                  WALTER
                   TOON
               



             sworn.
I was going down Holborn about eleven o'clock yesterday, and I met a society going in procession, going along I was in the road, I was not on the flags, I heard a scuffle, and I saw the gentleman taking the boy into the shop, the boy was on the ground, and I saw the watch in the boy's hand as he lay; I did not see any more of the watch till I saw it in the constable's hands.


                  JOSHUA
                   GREY
               



             sworn.
I was walking up Holborn with the society, and seeing a great mob about the man, I went towards it, and directly as I came up to the foot of the pavement, I saw the watch up, and another gentleman and I tried to catch it, and he catched it, and seeing me an officer, having the truncheon in my hand, he gave it to me, and I took it into the shop, and gave it to the gentleman, and took the boy into custody. (The watch produced and deposed to.)


                  HENRY
                   CROKER
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner at the bar, and took some handkerchiefs from him, having orders to examine him at Bow-street before the justices.
Prisoner. I found the watch; I saw it laying among the crowd.



GUILTY,
Of stealing, but not of the highway robbery. (Aged 18.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
