





141. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GIBBONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of January
, a man's cloth great coat, value 12s. a mahogany tea board, value 2s. a woollen blanket, value 2s. a woollen bed rug, value 1s. a linen sheet, value 1s. a feather bolster, value 1s. and a feather pillow, value 1s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Pressy
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   PRESSY
               



             sworn.
I am a housekeeper, I keep the Yorkshire Grey, Bond's-stables, Fetter-lane




.
Q. Was you robbed of any articles in the indictment at any time? - There are two articles which I can prove, which is a great coat and a tea board; there are many other articles, but them are the two that I can swear to; the prisoner formerly lodged at our house.
Q. When did you miss these things? - About the 20th of January.
Q. Was the prisoner then a lodger? - No. Some time before the quitted my apartment. The way that I found my great coat to be of her taking, was by a duplicate which was found in her possession, and the tea board was found in the room where she slept.
Q. Do you know any thing more than to be able to prove the property? - Nothing more on my part.
Q. Did you miss all the articles in the indictment? - Yes.
Mr. Knapp. You say this woman lodged with you? - Yes, she had.

Q. She is a married woman, I believe? - I don't know that, she has children.
Q. Have you not heard so? - I have not heard so particularly, it may be so.
Q. How long before this time had she left your lodgings? - I cannot say particularly.
Q. Was it a year or two? - O, dear, no.
Q. How long do you think, was it a month or two? - I dare say it may be more than a month.
Q. Was it more than two months? - I suppose it is full that.
Q. Do you think it was three months? - I suppose it to be three months, as high as I can imagine.
Q. How many lodgers do you keep in your house? - A good many, there might be a dozen in the house.
Q. All these things you found at the pawnbroker's? - The tea board was in her own possession, and the coat at the pawnbroker's.
Q. How long had she left you before you missed them? - Three months, as I said before.
Q. You say you missed them the 20th, how little while before that had she left your lodgings? - I suppose nearly three months.
Q. And you had several other lodgers in the house? - Yes, a dozen at least.
Q. What sort of people are they? - Working people, respectable people, one is a taylor, and some other businesses.
Q. You don't know exactly the time you missed them? - I cannot say exactly.


                  Q. 
               


            Nor how long after she was gone? - The coat I had hung up, and missed it in three or four days.
Q. Did she use to come backward and forward to your house after she went away? - Not that I see.
Court. You have told me about the tea board in her possession, where was that in her possession, did you see it yourself in her possession? - Yes, in her lodgings, at Mr. Hayworth's, at the Swan, in New-street-square.
Q. How soon was it after you missed these things, that you saw this tea board? How soon after the 20th of January? - I cannot say that I made any particular memorandum; I did not miss it at all till she was taken up, and her lodgings searched.
Q. Did you ever see her at these lodgings? - I never see her at these lodgings till the constable went with me.
Q. Did you take her up in these lodgings where the tea board was? - Yes, I did.


                  MARY
                   PRESSY
               



             sworn.
Sometime ago the prisoner came and took a lodging at our house, and was there two or three days, and went away, being detected stealing a candlestick of my lodger, and she took away part of my furniture then.
Q. How long was it before you missed the things, that she lodged with you? - After she left the place I naturally went into the room, to see if there was any thing missing, and I missed a great many things.
Q. Did you find any of these things on her? - I found a rug on her bed, a sheet and a tea board.
Q. When did you find this rug on her bed? - I believe it was the 20th of last month, I think it was.
Q. Did you find any thing else? - Nothing else belonging to me, but a ticket.
Q. Do you mean a duplicate? - Yes.
Q. I see there is a woollen blanket, a feather pillow and feather bolster; do you know any thing about that? - They were lost a great while ago, my servant can tellbetter about that; they were found at the pawnbroker's.
Mr. Knapp. You say you had oceasion to look into her room that you had let, then it was you missed these things? - No, I missed these things since she left my apartment.
Q. How soon afterwards? - Lately, last month.
Q. You missed things before? - I missed a blanket and bolster before, but I did not think it worth while to seek after them.
Q. All these things were let by you with the lodgings? - About a few nights before she was taken with the things in her apartment.
Q. Will you have the goodness to attend me? - Did you let your lodging to any body after the prisoner went from it? - Yes, I did to be sure, to a single man, the same man is there now.
Q. Whether these things that you complain of being taken at the time you let the room to the man, were in the room or not you cannot tell? - They were in an hour before.
Q. You remember the prisoner going away? - Yes, about two months ago, or more.
Q. How long has the single gentleman been your lodger? - I cannot recollect, he came a few days before the prisoner was taken up.
Q. How long were they unlet to any body? - I cannot tell, there might be somebody have lain in them for a night.


                  Q. 
               


            Recollect how many lodgers you had in the course of the time the woman went away, down to the time the young man took the lodging? - Upon my oath I cannot recollect, I don't know that any body slept there but the young man, except my children.
Q. How often are you paid for your lodgings when you let them? - By the week, when I can get it.


                  Q. 
               


            Upon your oath did you receive any hire for your lodging, between the time that woman left it, and the young man took it? - Except I might let it for a night if a person wanted a bed, there might be a gentleman now and then come to sleep one evening or so.
Q. Your's is a public house, is it not? You take in any body who say they want a bed? - No, not any body.
Q. If any body comes and sups at your house, and has a pot or two of beer, and wants a bed, you let him have a bed? - Not without they are recommended.
Q. If they are recommended don't you let it for one night? - Very seldom for one night.
Q. Will you swear to the jury, that during the time the young woman went away, down to the time the young man took the lodgings, you might have let the lodgings at different times to different persons? - No, not them lodgings, there was nobody that slept in them but the children, that I can remember.
Q. I wish to know whether these things were lost during the time that she had your lodging, or was it afterwards? - It was afterwards.
Q. Had you an opportunity of seeing your things afterwards? - I found them in her apartment; I missed them when the young man was going to bed, which was the 19th of last month.


                  Q. 
               


            Not missing them till then, will you swear the exact time when they were lost? - They were stole about five o'clock, while I was at tea; the young man went to bed sooner than ordinary, and I missed the things.
Q. I know you missed them and found them, but I want to ask you this question, which I think is a very plain one; if you only missed them the 19th, the young woman was gone then three months, how can you say when they were gone? - Isay some of them where gone when I made the bed that afternoon.
Court. Do you mean to say that on this 20th of January, all the articles were there? - I see the sheet, the rug, the tea board, and the ticket of my husband's coat.


                  MICHAEL
                   DAVENPORT
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of the city of London. On the 5th of the present month Mr. Pressy came, in order to obtain a search warrant; I went with him and searched the lodgings of the prisoner, at the house of Mr. Hayworth's the 5th of February; I found a pocket book containing of upwards of seventy duplicates; in searching over the duplicates Mr. Hayworth owned some of the goods to be his, and Mr. Pressy said that a great coat was his, and likewife a blanket.
Q. Then there were two duplicates of Mr. Pressy's property? - Yes, and likewise on her bed was a sheet which Mr. Pressy said was his, and likewife the rug on the bed, and the tea board, and another duplicate we found afterwards, of a bolster and pillow together.
Q. Have you kept the sheet, rug, and tea board ever since? - Yes.
Q. Produce them.
Mr. Knapp. I believe this woman is a married woman, is not she? - I have heard such.
Q. This was the lodging of herself and her husband? - I don't know nothing about her taking the lodging, I don't know any thing more of the lodging, than I found her at the room.
Prosecutrix. This sheet I know, it is my own mending, the rug I brought from I slington; the tea board I broke two pieces out of it myself.
Mr. Knapp. You tell us just now that one of the articles you mended? - The sheet.
Q. How long ago? - A great while ago.
Q. How many years? - I cannot say as to years.
Q. Might it not be two or three years? - I don't think it was so long as that.
Q. Do you mean to swear to every old thing that you have in your house? - No, I do not.
Q. Do you mean to swear to this old thing, mended and patched, whether you mended it six months ago, twelve months ago you cannot tell? - The value of the sheet is not worth swearing to.
Q. But you mean to swear to it from having darned it? - It is mended.
Q. Did you do it yourself? - I did.
Q. Do you mean to swear to every piece of work you do? This is an old thing? - Old things must not be thrown away.
Q. What do you say to the rug? - I cannot swear to the rug.
Q. How long had you had the rug? - I cannot justly tell how long I had it.
Q. Whar is that rug worth? - What you please.
Q. I don't want a rug at present; but what do you charge for it? - A penny.
Q. What do you say to this tea board? It is a very common thing to be sure at every public house; I dare say it never happened to you to see a tea board broke so. I dare say you never had the misfortune to break a tea board in this way? - That is my tea board, I can swear to it.
Q. Did you ever see a tea board notched in this way? - I have seen that many a time, and many a comfortable dish of tea I have had off from it; if I had not lost more things than these, I would not have been here.
Q. How many notches do you mean to swear to here? - Two.
Q. So that there is no mark or name, only these notches on it? - And is not that enough?

Court. Did you find the things the day they were missed? for the officer says he found them on the 5th of February. Did you find them the day they were missed? - No, I did not; they were found last Tuesday fortnight.


                  WILLIAM
                   WAKELING
               



             sworn.
I am a linen draper. Mr. Pressy came to me, on the 5th of February, to inform me that he had been robbed, and Mr. Davenport and I went to the lodgings.
Q. Whose lodgings were they? - I found the prisoner at the bar in the room, in bed with two children.
Q. Did you find any property there belonging to Mr. Pressy? - This rug and sheet, and tea board, and the pocket book with the duplicates.
Mr. Knapp. This woman is a married woman, is not she? - I have heard as much.
Q. This lodging is the lodging of her and her husband? - I don't know that; the husband was before the alderman, he said it was his wife, but he had not lived with her for four years.


                  JOSEPH
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to a pawnbroker; I produce a great coat; I am not certain of whom I took it in.
Q. To Davenport. Shew him the ticket of the great coat.
Turner. This is the duplicate of our house given with the great coat.
Mr. Knapp. I see this duplicate is dated the 16th of January 1795. I believe your are servant to Mr. Rochsord? - Yes.
Q. He has a good deal of business? - Yes, he has.
Q. You don't mean to swear to this prisoner? - By no means.
Q. This great coat was pawned the 16th of January, the day the duplicate bears date, which is previous to the 20th of course? - It is.


                  JOHN
                   NOBLE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Fleming; I took in a blanket of the prisoner at the bar, on the 5th of August, and delivered it up to the person that claimed it before the Lord Mayor, Mrs. Pressy.
Q. You art sure to the person of the prisoner? - Yes, I am sure.
Mr. Knapp. You are sure it was the 5th of August 1794? - I am certain it was.
Court to Davenport. Have you got the duplicate? - No.
Q. To Mrs. Pressy. Have you the blanket here? - Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Do you recollect whether the prisoner at the bar was in your house the 5th of August? - I cannot recollect.
Q. To Mr. Pressy. Do you recollect whether the prisoner was in your lodging in August last? - I believe she was; I will not be positive.
Court to Mrs. Pressy. Was this blanket one that was let to her with her lodgings? - It was.
Q. Was the rug? - No.
Q. The sheet? - No.
Prisoner. I went on the last Tuesday in November, to take Mr. Pressy's lodgings, and I left it on the 2d of December last; I was but one week in it, and I never went to the house after that but once, and that was when I went to demand my things that were there, and to pay them my week's rent. As to that blanket I pledged it the 5th of last August for to pay earnest for lodging; and the bolster and pillow were in pledge a twelve month, and I fetched them out, and being short of money, I pledged them again the latter end of September, or beginning of October, I cannot tell which. There is never one of the articles that Mrs. Pressy ever saw with her eyes till she see them after I was taken.

Mr. Knapp. There is no doubt that if the jury are satisfied that the things were pledged during the time that she lodged in this house, they are not the subject of this indictment.
Court. But she must make that out.
Prisoner. As to the rug, I have had it four years; the sheet I don't know how many years; and the duplicates I found in Clare-market; and I never went to see after any of the goods, my husband said they were nothing to us.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 41.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
