





51. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TELFAR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of November
, an iron key, value 10d.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gilbert
               




            .


                  WILLIAM
                   MOLES
               



             sworn. - I am a book-keeper to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Gilbert
               



            , who keeps the Old Bell in Holborn




: On Saturday, the 9th of November, about three minutes past seven, I went into the office to settle with the Egham coachman; the wind blew rather cold, and I put the door to; I had been in the office about ten minutes; I heard some person pull the key out of the door; I instantly ran out into the yard, and saw the prisoner against the corner of the door, on the outside; I instantly seized him by the collar, and asked him what reason he had for taking the key out of the door; he denied having it; while I was asking him the coachman came out and took him by the collar, he denied it still; I presently saw him drop the key out of his hands; he then said, I have not your key, there lies your key on the ground; the coachman then said to him, I know it does, for I saw you drop it; he then turned rather round, and the coachman picked up the key; when it was picked up, it was wrapped up in a paper of soft soap; nothing appeared but the bow of the key; I then sent for an officer, and he was taken into custody.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. What time of day was this? - A.Between seven and eight in the evening.
Q.There was a great light in your yard? - A. Yes, there was a light at the coach-office.
Q. If he had meant to steal the key, you know it would have been much better to have locked you in, and then you could not have pursued him? - A.Certainly.
Q. Did you say, before the Magistrate, that you saw him drop it? - A. Yes, I did.
Q.Do you mean to swear that? - A. Yes.
WILLIAM WALKER sworn. - I am a coachman, I drive the Egham coach: I was settling my waybill, I heard a man taking a key out of the door; I told 
               
                  William
                   Moles
               



             of it; he instantly ran out; I went out with him, and saw the prisoner; I asked him what he took the key out of the door for; he said he had not got it; I told him he had; upon that he turned himself round, put his hand against the door, and dropped it down; I saw him put his hand behind him and I heard it fall; I told him so when he dropped it; he said he had not; I stooped down to pick it up, and he turned round and said, there laid the key; it was squeezed up in a paper, all but just the ring of it; then we sent for a constable, and he was secured. I delivered the key to the officer.


                  WILLIAM
                   CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Hatton-Garden: (Produces a key;) I received it from the coachman; I tried it with the door, and it fitted.
Moles. This is the key.
Mr. Alley. Q. The key belongs to you? - A.No; Mr. Gilbert.
Q. If you were to lose the key, through carelessness, would you not have to get another? - A. No, Mr. Gilbert would get another; he got that.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the charge; I never saw the key.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
