






237. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     UNDERHILL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     FEAR
                  



               
             were indicted, the first, for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of February

, a feather-bed, value 20s. a pair of sheets, value 2s. a blanket, value 1s. 6d. a set of fire-irons, value 1s. 6d. a copper tea-kettle, value 2s. an iron saucepan, value 12d. and a pair of bellows, value 12d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Angel
                        



                     
                  , in a lodging-room, in the dwelling-house of the said Richard, let by contract to the said 
                     
                        Mary
                         Underhill
                     



; and the other for 


               receiving the same goods knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  LYDIA
                   ANGEL
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of Richard Angel, I live at No. 133, Great Saffronhill



, I let a lodging to the prisoner Underhill: On the 29th of January last, the things mentioned in the indictment were in the room; she came in the same night, and continued a fortnight; I found she was not a steady woman, and I gave her notice to quit; she went on Sunday the 17th, I believe, but I did not know she was gone till the 18th; I then missed the things mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Did they all belong to your husband? - A. They did.


                  RICHARD
                   ANGEL
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoner, Underhill; I asked her where the things were, but she was ready to tell me without.
Q. Did you make use of any threats to her? - A. No.
Q. Nor tell her it would be better for her to confess? - A. No; she said they were at No. 71, in Fetter-lane; I went there, with a search-warrant and two officers.
Q. Who lives at No. 71, Fetter-lane? - A. I do not know their names; I found my bed cased in another tick, mine was a good tick, and it was covered over with an old one; in opening it I found duplicates between the two ticks; in consequence of those duplicates, I found a saucepan, bellows, and part of the fire-irons.
Q. Were these things part of the furniture let with the lodgings to the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. At what pawnbroker's did you find any thing to which these duplicates applied? - A. At Mr. Fleming's, in Fetter-lane, I found a tea-kettle and a blanket; and at Mr. Ashford's, in Baldwin's-gardens, I found a pair of sheets.
Q. Were these articles part of the furniture let with the lodgings? - A. Yes.
Prisoner Underhill. He promised to make it up with us when our friends came, and they came about ten minutes too late.
Witness. I never promised any such thing.


                  ROBERT
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to 
               
                  Edmund
                   Fleming
               



            , pawnbroker, No. 39, Fetter-lane: I took these things in of a person of the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Phillips
               



            , not the prisoner.
Q. Who is Mary Phillips? - A. At the examination at Hatton-garden, it proved to be the wife of the prisoner Fear.
Q. Did she acknowledge that she was the wife of Fear? - A. Yes; they were pledged on the 18th of February. (Produces a blanket and a tea-kettle, which were deposed to by Mrs. Angel).


                  JAMES
                   MARLOW
               



             sworn. - I am servant to 
               
                  Thomas
                   Ashford
               



            , pawnb oker, No. 38, Baldwin's-gardens, (Produces a pair of sheets): On the 11th of February, the prisoner, Underhill, pledged a sheet with me for 2s. 6d.; on the 31st of January another sheet for 2s. 6d. (The sheets were deposed to by Mrs. Angel).


                  WILLIAM
                   RHODES
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Hatton-garden: I searched the lodgings of Daniel Fear, No. 7l, in Fetter-lane, he lodged up in the garret; I found the tick and these duplicates. (Producing them).
Underhill's defence. I pawned nothing but thesheets; I intended to get them out before I left the place.
Underhill, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Fear, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Lord KENYON.
