





215. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of March
, a wooden tub, value 4d. and fifty-five pounds of butter, value 49s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Badman
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BADMAN
               



             sworn. - I live in Crown-street, Finsbury-square


; it is out of the city of London; I lost a firkin of butter out of the shop on the 6th of March, I did not see him take it.


                  WILLIAM
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn. - I am a painter and glazier; I was coming home from work on the 6th of March; I saw three men, one looking in at the window, and two at the shop door; the prisoner at the bar was one that stood at the door; the man that was with him went into the shop and brought out a firkin of butter; they all three went away together, and when they got to Long-alley, the man that had the firkin gave it to the prisoner, and he put it upon his shoulder; then they went on to the Broker-row, at the end of Broad-street-buildings; then I met the two patroles and one watchman; I told them to stop that man with the firkin of butter, for he had stole it, and they stopped him.
Q. Have you any doubt at all of the prisoner? - A. None at all.


                  WILLIAM
                   STOCKER
               



             sworn. - I am a patrole belonging to Bishopsgate-ward: On the 6th of March, about half past six in the evening, Harrison desired me to stop that man; I crossed over to the prisoner, and stopped him; he had a firkin of butter on his left shoulder; I asked him where he was going to carry it, and he said, into Bishopsgate-street; I asked him if he was going to carry it to a cheesemonger's; he said, no, to a chandler's shop; I said, there was no chandler's shop in Bishopsgate-street; says he, do you think I stole it; I said, I did not; he said, if I did, I might go back with him to his master, who lived in Long-alley; he then threw the firkin down, and ran away; I pursued him as fast as I could; I lost fight of him in New Broad-street, and called stop thief; I am sure he is the man.


                  THOMAS
                   SAPWELL
               



             sworn. - I am a constable, I took charge of the prisoner, I have had the firkin ever since. (Produces it).
Badman. This is my firkin.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.
Q. What is the value of the butter? - A. Forty-nine shillings.
GUILTY. (Aged 19.)




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Lord KENYON.
