





435. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
, a silver watch, value 2 l. a steel watch chain, value 6 d. a silver seal, value 1 s. a brass watch key, value 1 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rowland
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   ROWLAND
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman
 to Mr. Duchamp; I went out the 26th of April to spend the evening at Crutched-friars; I was returning at half past eleven o'clock, I met with 
               
                  Mary
                   Jones
               



            .
Q. Was you quite sober? - I had been drinking a little, I was not so in liquor at all but I knew what I was about.
Q. Was you perfectly sober? - I knew what I was about.
Q. You know that is not an answer? - Yes, I was sober.
Q. Is it a difficult point to determine, because you considered of it so long? - I was sober enough.
Q. On your oath was you perfectly sober? - Yes, I was. I met this woman in Aldgate


; she asked me to go with her; I said I was behind my time, I could not go; I walked towards home, and she followed me about ten yards or more; she found I would not turn back with her she went back herself, and I went on, it may be a quarter of a mile or not so far, and found my watch was gone; I turned back immediately, when I found my watch was gone, to the place where she wanted me to go to; I found the woman that was along with her; I took her up and put her in the cage all night; the next morning I took her to the office, and she confessed.
Q. Was it taken in writing? - It was. There was another young man with me when we met these two women, and this woman was with her I took that night; this woman had my watch, because my property was found the next day upon her; it was the other woman that confessedbefore the justice, this woman was taken up the next morning.
- LEWIS sworn.
I live with Mr. Duchamp and Co. they are dry salters; I am in the warehouse. Coming by Aldgate two women met us, Rowland and I were together, one walked by my side, and the other walked by the side of the other man; one of the women were near to him, and the other to me; before we came to the India House, in Leadenhall-street he said he had lost his watch; we went back to the George Yard, Whitechapel, to see if we could find the watch.
Q. At that time you did not know which of the two had stole it? - We took the first up for being in company with the other.
Q. Did not Rowland know? - I cannot tell whether he did or not.
- WHITEWAY sworn.
On the 27th of April, in the morning, I took the prisoner into custody, and when I met with her in the street she had this watch in her hand, wrapped round with an handkerchief; I asked her where the watch was? she cried and I found it in her hand; I asked her where she got it? she said she had been along with some young man near Moorfields, and as she left him, the watch, by some means, got hold of her clothes; I took her into a public house and there I found another watch under her arm, which the prosecutor swore to be his property. (The second watch produced and deposed to by Rowland.)
Prisoner. This young man picked me up one night, and would not let me alone, he wanted to go home with me, but he said he was short of money; I said, if you are short of money make me a present till another time I meet you; he left the watch in my care; the next morning he came, but had no money, and he said he would have the watch or he would charge an officer with me.




               GUILTY, of stealing, but not privately
            . (Aged 25)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
