





466. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PARKHURST
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of July
, a metal watch, value 39s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Higginson
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   HIGGINSON
               



             sworn. - I am a watch-maker
, at No. 38, Southampton-street, Covent-garden: I missed a metal watch on Monday the 15th of July, I had some business at the Bank, I returned in about three hours time and missed it, I thought I had had the watch with me; I had seen it thatmorning before I went to the Bank, I cannot say whether I had it with me or not, but I suspect I lost it from my shop: a lady came to my shop in her carriage, a Mrs. Goring, before I went to the Bank, to look at this watch, and the prisoner came along with her as her coachman
; she looked at it, and went away about thirty yards, into Maiden-lane, to a silk-dyer's; while she was gone, the prisoner came in to have a little job done to his own watch, it rested there for a fortnight, or three weeks; I received a letter, in consequence of which, I got a Bow-street officer, and had him taken into custody; I saw the watch again at Bow-street, on the 9th of September; I know the watch again, it has my mark upon it, my own name, and Southampton-street; there is a number, but I cannot say what.
Jury. Q.Did you make the watch? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You have made a great many watches, I dare say? - A. Yes.
Q.How long have you lived in Southampton-street? - A. Between four and five years.
Q. And you have made and sold a great many watches? - A. Yes.
Q. I take it for granted, you put your name, and Southampton-street, upon every watch you have made there? - A. Yes.
Q. What kind of a watch was it? - A. A metal watch.
Q. After this lady had been with you, you went to the Bank? - A. Yes.
Q. And, for ought you know, you took it out with you in your pocket? - A. I cannot say whether I did or not.
Q. You knew where the prisoner lived? - A. Yes; he told me that very day, that he lived in Queen-Ann-street, West.
Q. I believe you went to his mistress's house three days after? - A. I went the very next day, to tell her what had happened.
Q. Did you see the prisoner there? - A. I do not think I did.
Q. I believe, in a few days after, Mrs. Goring went to Brighton? - A. I do not know any thing about that the prisoner went with her to Brighton; I did not imagine that he had taken it, because, being a gentleman's servant, it would be ruination to his character.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner subsequent to the time of your having lost your watch, and previous to his being taken up? - A. Yes, he came to my house.
Q. Did he not tell you that he had heard such a thing rumoured that was so prejudicial to his character, and he was ready to go with you to Bow-street, or any where else? - A. He did.
Q. Did he not actually put his horses to the carriage, and drive you, and the Bow-street officer, to Bow-street? - A. He did, to take his oath.
Q. How long was it before you found your watch again? - A. About a month.


                  ALEXANDER
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn. - I live at Mr. Dean's, No. 133, Oxford-street: A man brought me a watch to repair for him.
Q. Is the prisoner the man? - A. I believe he is, but I cannot swear it.
Q. Have you any doubt about it? - A. No.
Q. Are you satisfied that he is the man? - A. I am.
Q.When was it that he brought this watch to you? - A. On Tuesday the 6th of August, about two or three o'clock in the day; he came in, and said, he would be much obliged to me to look at his watch, for it stopped, it was a metal hunting watch; I looked at it, and saw the watch had had a fall, or a shake; I asked him if he could leave it for two or three hours; he then desired me to lend him another hunting watch instead of that, he left me his watch and took another away with him; the watch remained there till Thursday the 9th, when the Bow-street officer came to me, and produced my watch that I had given to the prisoner, and I carried the other watch to Bow-street. (Produces the watch in question).
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You told my Lord you could not swear he was the man, and yet you say you have no doubt he is the man; how do you reconcile that? - A. From circumstances.
Q. Then it is from circumstances that have transpired since that you are induced to believe he is the man, and not from a recollection of his person? - A.Certainly not.
Q. Was your name in the watch that you gave the man? - A. No.
Q. By what means do you know that watch? - A.There is the name of Russet in the watch.
Jury. Q. Do you know the number? - A. No.
Q. If any other person had got into possession of that watch, could the Bow-street officers know, from the watch itself, that it belonged to you? - No, by no means.


                  HENRY
                   CROCKER
               



             sworn. - I am am officer of Bow-street: On Friday the 9th of August, I went to Mrs. Goring's house, with Mr. Higginson, about half past eight, the coachman came to the door with the coach; I enquired of him for his boxes, he had left his mistress at Brighton a day or two before, I believe; I said to him, Mr. Higginson has lost a watch, do you know any thing of it; he said, no, he knew nothing about Mr. Higginson's watch; I found myself awkwardly situated with his carriage and horses; says I, will you swear that you know nothing of it before a Magistrate; he said, I will; says I, will you drive toBow-street, he said, yes, and then Mr. Higginson and I got into the coach, and we went to Bow-street; I took him into the 
               
                  Brown
                   Bear
               



            , and told him I was an officer, and searched him; he stedfastly denied that he knew any thing about it, and in searching him I pulled this watch out of his pocket, which I thought had been Mr. Higginson's; I asked him where he got that watch; he said, he bought it of a servant, and gave three guineas for it, but he could not tell where the young man was, at last he told me where he had this watch, and where Mr. Higginson's watch was; I went up to Mr. Young, and ordered him to attend at Bow-street directly; he has the one watch, and I the other.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You had some conversation with the prisoner-Now, upon your oath did you not make him some promise of favour, or use some threat? - A. I did not.
Q. You found the watch-maker's watch upon the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. And it was in consequence of the candid disclosure of the prisoner, where he got that watch, that you discovered Mr. Higginson's watch? - A. Yes.
Q. You were examined at Bow-street? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you mean to say that you gave the same account of it at that time? - A. Yes, if I was to tell the story twenty times over, I should not very it I am sure. (The watch was deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Young. This is the watch that he left with me, and this other is the one that I lent him.
Prisoner's defence. I am very innocent of it.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
