





383. 
               
                  
                     JARVIS 
                     BUXTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, thirty pounds weight of iron nails, value 7 s. 6 d. six iron cupboard locks, value 4 s. 6 d. two brass till locks, value 6 d. twelve brass cocks, value 5 s. twelve pair of iron hinges, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Vardon
                  




               
            .


                  WALTER
                   VINCENT
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Vardon
               



            , he is an ironmonger
 No. 3, Gracechurch-street


, I can swear to the property; I did not miss them till they were found; I can swear that there is one thing missing, from a mark at the outside of one of the papers.


                  CHARLES
                   SANSUM
               



             sworn.
I am the watchman at Aldgate. On Friday the 15th of March last, at ten o'clock at night I saw the prisoner at the bar with a bag at his back, the corner of Shoe maker-row towards Aldgate; when I came up to the corner of Jewry-street he crossed over towards the other corner; I turned my head round towards him, and he ran and I ran after him; he had got as far as the public house, the Three Tuns, I came up to him, I asked him what he had got there? He told me he had got some nails; I asked him where he was going with them? he said he was going into the Minories with them, I asked him whose property they where? he said they were his master's; then says I, you must go along with me; says he, you may go along with me, but I will not go along with you; he then told me they were his own, and I told him I did not think that they were his own, he had told me so many stories; says he, I am going to meet a man at the Two Black Mares in Tower-hill, and then he said he was going to the Minories to one Mr. Bowen's, then at the Black Horse; that made me have a strong suspicion; he then began to pull the bundle away and wanted to chuck it from off his shoulder, but I prevented him, and I brought him and the bag together, as he had, to the constable's house; going to the constable he told me that a man employed him in the Strand, and was to give him a shilling to carry them down to the Black Mares till the man came to him; we afterwards took him to the watch-house.
Mr. Knapp. This man said that he was going to the Minories; did not he? - He did.


                  Q.
                   The Minories
               



             is near to Tower-hill? - It is adjoining.
Q. He said he had got some nails there? - He did.
Q. He said they were his master's? - He first of all said they were his, and then his master's.

Q. Did you ask him who his master was? - I did, but he did not tell me.
Q. He said you may go along with me, but I will not go with you? - He did.
Q. He said he was going to the Black Mares. Do you know that sign? - I know Two Black Mares.
Q. You did not go with him? - I did not.
Q. You did not offer to let him go if a sum of money was paid down? - He offered me a guinea to let him go, but I said, if you give me a hundred I will not let you go.


                  JOHN
                   PINNER
               



             sworn.
I am the constable; I live at No. 7, Jewry-street, Aldgate. The watchman brought the prisoner and bag to me, Friday March 15th, between the hours of ten and eleven; I was eating my supper; says he, Mr. Pinner I have got this man with this parcel; why, sir, says the prisoner at the bar, it is my own property; then I said, I must see what you have got, so I and the watchman went with him to the watch-house and I found a parcel of nails, brass locks, &c. Says I, now my friend where did you come from? says he, I came from nowhere, I am out of place; says I, how came you with these things; says he, I was employed by a man in the Strand to carry them to the Two Black Mares at Tower-hill, and I was to wait there till the man came to me; says I, do not you live in any place; no, says he, I do not, I am just come out of the country, I have no place, I want a place; says I, I am afraid you are telling me lies; says he, I really do not, I never lived in London in my life, I am in lodgings at the present; I want a place. Then I says to him, my friend, I shall take care of you; he says, for God's sake do not; if you will let me go I will give you a guinea. The answer I made was, if you give me five hundred I shall not let you go; with that I took him to the Compter. (The bag produced and the contents deposed to by Vincent.)
Vincent. The prisoner was a porter to Mr. Vardon and slept in the house.
Court to Vincent. Do you sell these articles in these quantities in London? - No, never; I never saw such a quantity sold in London since I have been in the shop, which is three years full, I am convinced they are my master's property by the marks on the papers.
Mr. Knapp. Your master is in a considerable line of business? - Yes, very.
Q. He has a considerable deal of property of the same sort as you now produce in his shop? - He has.
Q. The mark on each of these is the mark of the quality and quantity what is contained in the papers; there is no other mark but this mark? - We never put any other mark.
Q. The prisoner you say was a servant to your master, he had been accustomed to deliver things out of your shop as your master might direct him to do? - Certainly the orders he might receive he was used to do like all the other servants at different times of the day.
Q. Whether he was ordered to deliver any things this day you cannot recollect? - I am certain he was not ordered to deliver any such goods that day; I am sure of that.
Q. I suppose your master has a great many servants? - He has five.
THOMAS - sworn.
There are several of the articles with my own mark upon them; they were never sold from the house I believe.
Mr. Knapp. You believe? - I am certain.
Court. Why are you certain? - Because I have examined the books and I never sell such a quantity in London of the nails.

Mr. Knapp. Your master has a deal of business I suppose? - He has.
Q. You say your mark is on the nails; I take it for granted you mark a great deal of other property of your master's? - I have.
Q. Do you put the same mark as you put on these nails to other nails? - Of the same denomination I do.
Q. All that you mean to say then is, that from the mark on the nails you know they were of such a quantity and of such a quality? - Yes.
Q. Then there is no other mark whereby you can ascertain the property? - No.
Q. Now you say none of this property has been sold; how comes it you can ascertain that? - We have a book on purpose.
Q. How from your own knowledge do you know in the course of that day that none of these had been delivered out? - They are all entered in a book.
Q Was you in the warehouse all the course of the day? - I believe I was only during dinner.
Q. During that time there might be some delivered for what you know? - There are none entered on the book, and there is no cash received for them.
Prisoner. I leave all to my counsel.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
