





174. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     YOUNG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of January
, a leather trunk, value 5s. a metal watch, value 40s. a base-metal key, value 1d. a muslin handkerchief, value 2s. four muslin caps, value 10s. two silk handkerchiefs, value 10s. fourteen yards of lace, value 14s. a leather pocket-book, value 1s. a gold ring, value 4s. and four guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Simmonds
                  




               
            .
The case was opened by Mr. Const.


                  MARGARET
                   SIMMONDS
               



             sworn. - I am nursery-maid
 to Mr. Nepean, of the Admiralty: On the 9th of January I came by the Hounslow stage, about a quarter past nine, to the Yorkshire-grey, in Piccadilly


; I took a bundle and a trunk from the stage to a hackney-coach; the prisoner at the bar opened the coach door; I am sure he is the man; I gave him the trunk and the bundle, and a pair of pattens into his hand, I saw him put them into the coach; I returned back to the stage, for the other trunk, with another man, who brought the other box from the stage, and put it into the hackney-coach; when I returned back to the hackney-coach, the prisoner was gone, and the trunk.
Q.How long were you gone? - A.About three or four minutes; the prisoner was found up among the hackney-coaches; he said there was another coach called, and he went to attend that; he said he had put the trunk into the coach, and he knew nothing of it; I said, I would have him taken up, and then he went away among the hackney coaches again, where he was found again.
Q. What did your box contain? - A.Four guineas, a metal watch that cost four guineas, a gold ring that cost six shillings and sixpence, and the rest was wearing apparrel, worth about two guineas and a half; I have never seen any of my things again.
Q. Are you sure you left the prisoner in charge of them? - A. Yes; I desired him to attend the coach while I went with another man to the stage.
Prisoner's defence. A man came up to me with another trunk, and said, it was a woman that could not afford to give any thing, that had employed him to bring the luggage, and as I was called to another job, I might as well let him get what there was; she said, very well; and then I went into the rank of coaches about my business again; I attend the coaches as a waterman, to put the bags on, and give the horses water; somebody came up, and said, a trunk was gone out of the coach; I came down, and told her I did not know any thing of it, I had put it in, and left it there; I went into the rank again, and I was fetched back again; I resigned myself up, and went to the watch-house, as I knew myself innocent of it.
Q.(To Mrs. Simmons.) Were you so near the second man that brought the second trunk; that if the prisoner had spoke to him, or he to the prisoner, you must have heard it? - A. I was close to him, the prisoner was then gone.
Prisoner. When I was at the first examination, she said, she would settle it with me for twelve pounds, and afterwards, at the second examination, she said, she would not settle it under fourteen guineas.
Court. (To Mrs. Simmons.) Q. Is that so? - A. No; I always said, fourteen guineas.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 30).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before
Mr. Justice ASHHURST.
