






638. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     FRY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  HANNAH, the wife
 of 
                     
                        WILLIAM 
                        CORBETT
                     







            , were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of September

, four live ducks, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Hone
               



            , and CORBETT for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .
JAMES HONE sworn. - I keep the Black-Horse at Hampton





; On the 27th of September, I lost four live ducks; I got a warrant to search the house of one Jeffery's, with Cooper, the constable; the prisoner, Corbett, lodged in the house, Fry cohabited with her; in Corbett's room I found two of my ducks at the feet of the bed under a bit of a blanket dead; I apprehended Fry soon after at the same house, and they were taken to Bow-street; Fry said at Bow-street, that he found them; I am sure they were the ducks I had lost the night before.


                  THOMAS
                   COOPER
               



             sworn. - I am a constable at Hampton; I apprehended Corbett at Jeffery's; I was present when the ducks were found.
RICHARD JEFFERYS sworn. - I am a fisherman; Fry and Corbett lived together at my house, as man and wife, I was not at home when they were apprehended.
JOHN HAYNES sworn. - I have been admitted an evidence for the Crown; I went to Mr. Hone's on the 27th of September, at twelve o'clock at night, with Fry, we stole four ducks, Fry killed them, and we divided them in the church-yard, we took them from an out-house; I had two ducks, and Fry had two.
Fry's defence. That man has sworn falsely, he said we divided them in the church-yard, we did no such thing.
Corbett's defence. I was in bed and asleep with my child at the time, Jefferys knows it; my husband has been abroad five years.
Jefferys. She and her girl were both in bed.
Fry, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Corbett, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
