





42. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     WIGGINS, otherwise 
YOUNG





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of November
, two linen sheets, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
My husband's name is William, I lost the sheets, the 19th of November. The prisoner came in for a pint of beer, on Monday, about half past one; I went and drawed the beer myself, and when I came up, she refused the beer; said she was in a hurry, but told my husband, she would have a glass at the bar, which, she said, was the same to me, and suited her; she had something in her hand, but I did not know she had robbed me, till about three o'clock, when I went up stairs, and found my bed sadly tumbled, and missed my sheets, but did not know who had robbed me, till about five, or half after four; this same woman came into my house again at just dusk, and she came from the tap-room to me, and asked me for a pint of gin hot; I went to get it, and before I could get it hardly on the fire, I heard there was somebody in my bed-room; I went to see who it was; my husband went up the first, and met her coming out of the bed-room in the club-room. Mr. Armstrong was sent for, and there was a duplicate of the sheetsfound on her; she took the sheets at noon; I believe, Mr. Armstrong has the duplicate.
Prisoner. She never saw me in the room; I asked her to step backwards, and she gave me leave; she did not ask me to go up.


                  MARY
                   BURDITT
               



             sworn.
I am sister to Mrs. Davis. Mr. Davis keeps a public house. I missed the sheets about three o'clock. I was with her about three or four days in a week. Mrs. Davis and I missed them together, when we went up to make the bed. About five she came back to me, as I was washing my hands; about a minute or two after, I heard somebody over head; I ran up stairs, and met her coming out of the room where the sheets were lost; I then called out to my brother, and said, there was a woman up stairs; the room joins the club-room; I met her coming out of the bed-room as I entered the club-room; I then asked her, What she went up stairs for? she said, You know what I want.
Prisoner. I met her on the stairs, as she was sweeping the stairs.


                  John
                   Armstrong
               



            . I was sent for to take charge of this woman. It might be five o'clock. I found on her two duplicates; (produced) one is for the 19th of November, one sheet for 1 s. and the other is the 2d of November, one sheet for 5 s. which does not apply to this.


                  JOHN
                   TYLER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawn-broker, No. 110, Houndsditch; I took in two sheets from the prisoner; I can swear to her person. On the 19th of November, I had seen her before, I gave her a duplicate (The sheets produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. The pawnbroker knows I pawned the sheets many a time at his shop; they are my own property. The gentlewoman gave me leave to go up stairs; she was sweeping the stairs; she called her brother, and said, she believed, I was the woman that stole the sheets.


                  ELIZABETH
                   BARKER
               



             sworn.
This woman, the prisoner, gets her living by hard work; she is a washerwoman; I have known her several years; I have pawned these sheets several times for her.
Q. These very identical sheets? - Yes.
Q. Where did you pawn them? - Once at Catherine-wheel alley. I am a widow, and have eleven children.
Court to Pawnbroker. What time of the day were these pawned. - The 19th of November; I think, about three o'clock, to the best of my recollection.
Court to Mrs. Barker. When was the first time you pawned these sheets? - I pawned them about eight or ten weeks ago, with Mr. Davidson, the corner of Catherine-wheel alley; they gave me a duplicate.
Q. When was the other time? - Before that.
Q. Do you mean to insist on it, they are the same sheets? - They are the same sheets.
Court to Mrs. Davis. Were these sheets ever out of your house before? - Never, my Lord.
Prisoner. Mr. Tyler knows I have pawned them in his shop before now.
Court to Tyler. Did she ever pawn these sheets before? - Never, to my knowledge. I don't know whether it is proper to mention it to you, but this woman, (Barker,) brought me a letter from the prisoner; the purport of it was to induce me to say the sheets were pawned separate.
Court to Mrs. Barker. Did you carry this letter. - I did.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
