





665. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CHESSE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th day of August
 last, thirty-eight yards of black silk ribbon, value 9 s. one hundred and forty-four yards of silk ribbon, value 12 s. thirty-six yards of ferret, value 3 s. and a quantity of laces, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Hurst
                  




               
            .


                  HANNAH
                   HURST
               



             sworn.
I live in Bridgwater-gardens, No. 10. I lost the things in the indictment on the 27th of August, on a Friday, my daughter lost them.


                  HANNAH
                   HURST
               



            , Junior, sworn.
I was standing in Fleet-market


 on the 27th of August; I have a stall there, and sell ribbons: I had tied up the things in ahandkerchief: I was standing at the stall facing me: they lay on the board, with an oil cloth over them: there was a quarrel at the next stall to mine: and I turned my head round, and saw the prisoner standing by the board; I asked her what she would have; she said nothing; I saw a bulk under her cloak; I lifted it up, and there was my bundle; I took it from her, and she began to abuse me, and the clerk of the market got a constable; the things belong to my mother.
SARAH DAVIES sworn.
I have a shop in Fleet-market: I was standing at my own door; the prosecutrix and me were talking; there was a quarrel; and she turned round, and she said the prisoner had taken her bundle; I saw her take it from the prisoner; the constable had it: but he gave it to the prosecutrix, and she has it here.
(The things produced and deposed to by Mrs. Hurst.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming through the market, and my child picked up a bundle, and I took it out of her hand, and I was going to give it the prosecutrix, and she came and gave charge of me; she said, she would forgive me if I would beg pardon.
Mrs. Hurst. There was no child with her at the time.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
