





45. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     HAMILTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of December
, one muslin cap, value 5 s. one muslin apron, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Woodcock
                     



                  ; and one muslin apron, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Morris
                  



               
            .
Mrs. WOODCOCK sworn.
I am the wife of the prosecutor; on the 3d of December, I lost a muslin cap, and I missed the apron on Monday morning; I never saw them in the hands of the prisoner, nor after I missed them, till I saw them at Lemoine's the pawnbroker's, there I saw the cap and the two aprons: This woman was my servant, one of all work, at the time I missed the things, and before I recovered them, she had left my place; she left it on Friday after I missed my cap.
Did you part friends? - No; I turned her away on suspicion.


                  ELIZABETH
                   MORRIS
               



             sworn.
I lost a muslin apron from Mrs. Woodcock's room, she being my sister; I lent it her about a fortnight before it was lost; I saw it again at Lemoine's the pawnbroker's.
PHILLP LEMOINE sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I am a servant to Mr. Beauchamp of Holborn; I had two muslin aprons and a cap pawned to me, on the 2d of this month; I had never seen the prisoner before, but I am positive she is the woman that pawned them. (The things produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had never been in the pawnbroker's place in my life, and there hath been so many ups and downs, in my master's place, it is such a publick house, that it is impossible to say who took them from there.
Court to Lemoine. You never saw this woman before? - No; never, but the reason why, I remember the circumstance was, she came on a Thursday in the evening; she said she brought them from her fellow servant; she had then the appearance of a cook, at the time she came; I happened to have no silver, and wanted change to give her, and while the boy was gone, she said she was going for some thread, for her fellow servant, and while she was gone, the boy came back with the silver; and I gave it her.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
