





418. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GARDINER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Boulton
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of two in the afternoon, on the 1st of May
, and feloniously stealing therein, a base metal watch, value 2 l. a base metal watch chain, gilt with gold, value 1 s. a gold seal, value 8 s. two pair of shoe buckles, value 1 l. 10 s. the goods of the said 
                     
                        William
                         Boulton
                     



.


                  WILLIAM
                   BOULTON
               



             sworn.
I have chambers in the Inner Temple


; I left my chambers on the 1st of May, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning; I locked the door, it is a spring lock; I returned about two or three in the afternoon; I found the door of the chambers the same I left it, fast, the passage window was up, which I left shut at my going out in the morning; the passage was in the chambers, the shutters were fastened when I went out in the morning, and when I returned they were opened; they got in at the front window by forcing the shutter, the shutter was split, the chamber was on the ground floor.

Q. How was the window left? - Fastened by a latch and screw. When I came back I found the shutter open, the screw had fell down; when I went out the inside shutter was shut; when I returned the inside shutter was opened.
Q. How far is this window from the ground? - Between two and three feet, I believe.
Q. Was there any mark of feet about the window? - No.
Q. Was there room for a man's body to pass through the window? - Yes.
Q. Could a man with tolerable ease get in and out? - Yes, by making a little effort and spring on the outside. On searching my drawers I missed several things.
Q. How did you find the room on your return? - In the same state I left it, except these drawers which had been opened.
Q. Were these drawers locked when you left them? - The keys were in the drawers. I missed a watch and a pair of buckles and some spoons; there was some linen taken out of the drawers but not taken away; I missed all in the indictment.
Q. What may be the value of all the articles you missed? - About five or six pounds.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner with this? - He took the things to different pawnbrokers.
Q. Did you see the things in the hands of the pawnbrokers yourself? - Yes, the pawnbrokers are here; one pair of silver buckles I recovered on the afternoon of that day; I received the rest about five or six days afterward.
Mr. Knowlys. What day do you say this was? - On the first of May.
Q. You had left your chambers as early as ten o'clock, therefore at what precise time these chambers were robbed you cannot tell? - Only by information.
Q. Of your own knowledge you cannot say when this robbery was effected, except between ten in the morning and two or three in the afternoon. Have you a laundress? - I have.
Q. The laundress of course has a key to have access to them? - She has.
Q. Whether she had been or not, of course we can know only from her.
Q. She is not here? - She is not.
Q. For ought you know the window might have been left open by her? - It is not very likely.
Q. She had a power so to have left it? - She never goes into our chambers between the hours of ten and three.
Q. She had access at any time if she chose it, and whether she did that day or not you cannot say? - I cannot.
Q. She might incautiously have left the chamber door or window open? - I never knew her guilty of that action.


                  JOHN
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, I produce a pair of silver buckles, which I received of the prisoner the first of May in the afternoon, between three and four o'clock, I live in Long-acre, at Mr. Brown's.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner before? - Yes, I know his person; I lent him fifteen shillings on them, I gave him the duplicate.
Mr. Knowlys. What day did you say this was? - On the first of May, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, as nigh as I can guess.
Q. Have you the buckles here? - Yes.


                  JAMES
                   VINCENT
               



             sworn.
I have got a watch and a pair of buckles, which were pledged with me by the prisoner the first of May in the afternoon, and a gold seal, beside there is a metal chain to a watch.
Q. Did you know his person? - I am certain of the man, I gave him a duplicate, he gave his address, No. 15, White-lion-street; but no such person was ever heard of there when we went to look for him.Mr. Boulton called on me the 3d of May following, and enquired if any such goods had been offered to me, I looked over the plate drawer and there I found the articles which he had missed.
Mr. Knowlys. You gave the utmost value you could advance upon them? - I did, he even wanted more.


                  JOHN
                   SHALLARD
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner, I took him the 13th of May, I found nothing on him but some duplicates, nothing which answered to this robbery.
Mr. Knowlys. You took him at his father's house I believe? - No, I took him in Drury-lane.
Q. You found nothing of this? - I did not.


                  MARY
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am servant of Mrs. 
               
                  Rebecca
                   Anderson
               



            .
Q. Do you know the young man at the bar? - I do, my mistress lives in Russell-court, next door to the play house, at the prisoner's father's, she rents the first floor; she is a lady who has frequent visits of gentlemen.
Q. Do you know of any person being in your mistress's company on the first of of May? - I don't know whether it was the first of May or the second of May, I don't know precisely the day of the month.
Q. Do you recollect being called up by your mistress to pawn any thing for a gentleman who was there? - I do, it was a pair of buckles, I believe it was between two and three in the afternoon.
Q. Do you recollect whether the buckles were produced to you that were intended to be pawned? - I should know them again if I was to see them (shewn the buckles pawned with Brown) these are the buckles, the gentleman produced them to me for the purpose of being pawned.
Q. Did you according to your mistress's desire, take them to be pawned? - I did not because I was busy washing, I said Mr. Gardiner's son was below and I would ask him to go, he was just come in to dinner and the gentleman gave me the buckles and I went down and asked 
               
                  James
                   Gardiner
               



             to go and pledge them for me, because I was very busy in washing.
Q. Did he in consequence of your desire take them? - He did, he returned in about a quarter of an hour.
Q. Did you see yourself what it was that he brought home in exchange for these buckles? - He gave me the money, fifteen shillings and the duplicate.
Q. What did you do with that fifteen shillings, I took it up stairs and gave it to the gentleman who was in my mistress's company.
Q. Do you know what became of that gentleman after giving him the money and the duplicate? - He went out for about half an hour and then returned again to my mistress.
Q. Had you ever seen this person for whom these buckles were pawned at your mistress's before? - No, never, he only came as a visitor that day.
Q. When he returned again did any thing further pass? did young Gardiner go up when he gave you the duplicate and the money? - No, he stayed below and eat his dinner, then the gentleman returned again. My mistress called me up stairs, and the gentleman said he had not sufficient money for what he wanted, and he pulled a watch out of his pocket, and a pair of buckles out of his shoes; he desired them to be pledged as the other were.
Q. Do you think if these things were shewn you you should recollect them again, or do you think you should not? - I think I should recollect them again.
Q. You say as to the first buckles you are sure of them? - I am, (shewn the buckles and the watch pawned with Vincent) Them are the buckles, and that is the watch, I brought them down and asked him if he would go out and pawn them as he had done the first pair.

Q. Did he as you desired him go and pawn them? - He did.
Q. Do you recollect what he brought in for them? - One pound fifteen shillings I think; I cannot rightly be positive.
Q. Was there any duplicate brought back? - Yes, there was; the one pound fifteen shillings and the duplicate he gave to me, and I went up stairs and gave it to the gentleman before my mistress's face.
Q. Have you ever seen that gentleman since? - I have not.
Q. Are you quite sure that the transaction took place in the way you have related it? - I am quite positive.
Q. Gardiner then took these things to pawn at your desire, you being desired by the gentleman to pawn them? - Yes, he did.
Court. How long have you lived with this girl of the town? - Seven weeks.
Q. Where did you live before? - In Newman-street, with Dr. Randall; I lived there a year and a half, my mistress died, and then I left him.


                  REBECCA
                   ANDERSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Russell-court.
Q. Who keeps the house? - 
               
                  John
                   Gardiner
               



            ; he is the father of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. We have heard that you are a lady that sees company? - I do.
Q. That is your unfortunate situation? - It is.
Court to 
               
                  Mary
                   Smith
               



            . Do you recollect what day of the week this was? - I believe it was Tuesday.


                  Rebecca
                   Anderson
               



            . The first of this person's coming was between twelve and one; I think it was either Monday or Tuesday, he told me, after a little conversation, that he had no money, and told me to call up my servant, and ask my servant to go and pledge the buckles.
Q. What time did he come to you? - I think it was between twelve and one; he came about a quarter after twelve. The buckles had little knobs about them. (shewn the buckles produced by Brown.) They are the buckles he pawned first, I think they are the same buckles.
Q. Did you in consequence of his desire call up your servant to pawn these buckles.
Q. Do you know whether she took them to pawn or not? - She told me Mr. Gardiner's son was below, she was very busy washing, she went down and came up directly, and said she had sent them by Gardiner, but I did not see Gardiner.
Q. Was any thing produced, as the produce of pawning these buckles? - She brought up the ticket and fifteen shillings, the pawnbroker's duplicate.
Q. To whom was that ticket and duplicate given? - To the gentleman.
Q. Had you ever seen him before? - Yes, two or three times, but I don't know his name, or any thing of him besides.
Q. When he had got this fifteen shillings and the ticket, the produce of these buckles, what became of him? - Then he told me he was going a little way on business, and he would return in half an hour; he returned and told me he had not money enough for what he was going to do, therefore he pulled out the watch from his pocket, and a pair of buckles out of his shoes, he proposed having them likewise to be pledged as he did the other; I applied to the servant again to pledge them, I called her up, she told me as before that she would send Mr. Gardiner's son, the young man at the bar.
Q. Do you know what they produced? - One pound sixteen shillings.
Q. Who produced the one pound sixteen shillings? - The same servant as before, and it was given to the gentleman.
Q. Have you ever seen that person since? - No, never since.

Q. I don't know whether you have seen the second pair of buckles and the watch? - (shewn them) I think it is the same buckles, and I think the same watch, but I had them so short a time in possession.
Q. Did he stop long after he got the produce of these buckles and watch? - About half an hour or three quarters.
Court. Do you know what business the prisoner follows? - I believe it is a carpenter; his father is a carpenter and joiner.
Q. Your servant was busy washing that day, who let this gentleman in? - The servant she let the gentleman in, and he came up stairs to me.
Q. Did the servant let him out too? - Yes.
Q. I believe when these things were to be pawned you sent for the servant? - I called her up; she came into the room, and the gentleman gave her the things.
Q. Was the gentleman in boots or shoes? - I don't know whether the gentleman was in boots.
Q. You must know that! The gentleman was in boots, was not he? - No, he was not, he was in shoes.
Q. Was his hair powdered, or did he wear a wig? - His hair was not powdered at all, nor did he wear a wig, it was his own hair tied behind.
Q. Cocked hat or a round hat? - It was a round hat I am pretty sure.
Court to 
               
                  Mary
                   Smith
               



            . Did you let the gentleman in on this occasion? - Yes.
Q. Did you make any particular remark about the gentleman's boots? - Seeing a strange gentleman I never looked at him.
Q. Do you remember whether he was in boots or not? - Yes, I observed he was in boots, and had a blue great coat on with plated white buckles.
Q. Was any thing said about his hat? was there no conversation between you and your mistress about his hat? did not you say he must be an officer by the cock of his hat? - I don't remember.
Q. Did you see any hat at all? - I did not take notice.
Q. You took some notice of his wig; you let him in and went in and out twice. Did not you make any remark about his wig? - I cannot remember.
Q. Do you remember whether he was an old man or a young man? - I did not take notice.
Q. Was he in mourning? - I cannot say; he had a great coat on.
Q. Do you remember whether his hair was drest or not? - I believe it was dressed.
Q. His hair was powdered then? - Yes, it was.
The prisoner called six witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 39 s.
             but not of breaking and entering. (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER
