





11. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BOND
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
 last, one woollen cloth coat, value 5 s. three silk waistcoats,value 6 s. one silk and cotton waistcoat, value 2 s. two pair of leather boots, value 5 s. and one pair of leather saddle-bags, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Forrester
                  




               
            , Esq
;


                  GEORGE
                   FORRESTER
               



            , Esq; sworn.
I live in Inner-Temple lane


: I cannot exactly tell the time the things were lost; I went out of town the latter end of June, I returned in November; on my return I missed the articles in the indictment.
How soon did you recover them? - I came to town on a Friday, and on the Sunday following the prisoner was taken, and part of the property was found upon him, a coat and a black silk waistcoat; nothing else was found but a duplicate in his box, in the room which he slept in, in my chambers, when he lived with me; we found some other duplicates at a place where he lodged; he was in my service, but I had discharged him before I went out of town; I missed nothing then; when I went out of town, I desired him to give the key to the laundress: I went with Jealous and the prisoner to his lodgings; the prisoner had the key in his pocket; we found the saddle-bags there, and in the saddle-bags there were duplicates of the things which are here; the duplicates were delivered into the hands of Jealous.


                  ELIZABETH
                   CHIPP
               



             sworn.
I am laundress to Mr. Forrester; he went out of town in June, and left the key with the prisoner; in about a week afterwards he gave me the key; I did not know he was discharged; and about a week or fortnight afterwards he came to me for the key again; he never returned it to me again; he had it when he was apprehended.


                  CHARLES
                   JEALOUS
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner, in Ram-alley, Fleet-street, at a public-house; I took him to Mr. Forrester's, and took off his back a waistcoat, a coat, and a shirt (produces them): I went to the George, in Chapel-street, Oxford-street, to the prisoner's lodgings; I found a pair of saddle-bags, and a pocket-book with some duplicates in it, and in the saddle-bags the key of the chambers; I marked the key, and gave it to the laundress; I went to the pawnbrokers, and got the things; I have three duplicates; they were taken from the saddle-bags (produces the duplicates).


                  HENRY
                   HOWELL
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Jones, a pawnbroker, in Fleet-street; I produce a pair of boots, pawned on the 19th of July; I do not know the person that pawned them, but I believe it to be the prisoner; I gave him a duplicate.
(The duplicate shewn him.)
Howell. It is my hand-writing.


                  JOHN
                   CAHUAC
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Woodin, pawnbroker, in Drury-lane; I produce two waistcoats, one silk, the other silk and cotton; I received them of the prisoner; I had seen him several times before; I gave him a duplicate. (The duplicate shewn him.) These are the duplicates I gave him; these are my hand-writing.


                  EDWARD
                   FOSBROOK
               



             sworn.
I live with Mrs. Cooper, pawnbroker, in Wych-street; I produce a pair of boots, and a silk waistcoat; the prisoner pawned them; I knew him before; I gave him two duplicates. (The duplicates shewn him.) These are my writing.
Court to Mr. Forrester. Who did you give the duplicate to, that you took out of the box? - I do not know what became of it.
(The property deposed to.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.
Mr. Forrester gave the prisoner an exceeding good character.
Mrs. Chipp. I have known him near five years; he always bore a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
