





126. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     FOREMAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, privately, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Lord
                        




                     
                  , on the 31st of October
, a black leather pocket-book, value 2s. a Bank-note, value 30l. a Bank-note, value 5l. another Bank-note, value 5l. six Bank-notes, each of the value of 2l. and one Bank-note, value 1l.
             the property of the said Joseph.


                  JOSEPH
                   LORD
               



             sworn. - At the time of the robbery, I lived at No. 73, Berners-street, Oxford-street: On the 31st of October last, about eleven o'clock, I went out to buy a callendering-press, and at the bottom of Meard's-court, in Wardour-street, I met George Wilson, 
               
                  James
                   Tarver
               



            , and the prisoner; I did not know the prisoner, but I knew the other two very well; Wilson asked me to give him a glass of something to drink, he had got no money in his pocket; he said, he treated last, when I was at such and such a place; I had been unfortunately confined for a small debt for six months; I only came out on the 21st of October; he said, he had treated me there.
Q. Had he treated you there? - A. He had; it touched my feelings, and with that I told him, I would be glad if he would call upon me at my lodgings, for I was in a great hurry; he said, he had no money, and wished me to treat him and his friends; I went with him into Mr. Cummings's wine-vaults, the corner of Little Pulteney-street


, and called for a shilling's worth of rum and water; we went into a little room where there was no one but ourselves; some one of the three, I don't know which, fetched in a pot of ale directly, and then another pot was brought in, then there was a third pot of ale came in; I asked them, what they were about; I did not mean to get drunk of a morning, nor yet of an evening; I told them, I had felt so much where I had been confined before, in the Marshal-sea, and as I had received a small legacy upon the death of my wife's mother, I hoped then to make a better use of it than to spend it, or throw it away in any foolish manner whatever; I laid down two shillings upon the table, with intent to pay the shot, but it was not sufficient; I took out my pocket-book, and looked over what notes I had got; there were one Bank of England note of 30l. two 5l. notes, six 2l. notes, and one 1l. note, and there was a note that I had advanced 20l. to learn the business of my intended partner, Mr. Chandler, and a receipt for 15l. for goods I had bought; when I had looked them over, I put my pocket-book in my left hand pocket, and buttoned it up; I went out to make water, but before I went out, I asked the prisoner's name, as he was a stranger to me; we had been talking about cleaning some clothes; he said, he had some that wanted cleaning, a pair of pantaloons and a waistcoat; I told him, that we should be glad to serve him; he said, his name was Foreman, and that his mother lived housekeeper to Lord Grosvenor, in Grosvenor-square; when I returned into the room, Wilson said, Mr. Lord, you had better sit down by the side of Mr.Foreman, as you were full of discoursing before you went out; I had been fitting at a table by myself at the farther end of the room, when I counted my notes; I sat down then next to the fire, and then Wilson went out; Tarver went out before that; Foreman directly moved, and sat down by me upon the same bench, he sat close to my left-hand pocket, where my pocket-book was; Foreman then said, he thought the ale did not agree with him, he said, he had got a purging upon him; he begged leave to pass me; he passed me by the corner of the table, and stopped about two or three minutes; he returned, opened the door, and peeped in, but did not come in; he went away without saying a word to me; the landlord came in almost instantly, and in about five minutes I missed my pocket-book; nobody else had been into the room at all; I immediately exclaimed, my God! I am ruined; I went out and looked each way, to see if I could see any thing of them, but could not; and then I went to Bow-street; I saw no more of any of them for five weeks, within one day; and then I saw the prisoner, and took him, at a broker's, in Kent-court, Berwick-street, I had received information that he was there; I took a watchman with me, we went up stairs, and found him lying on the bed, about nine o'clock in the evening, he had his hat on; I looked under his hat, and said to the watchman, this is my prisoner; he said, he would go with us; he was taken to St. James's watch-house, and the next day, we had him up to Marlborough-street; I asked him, going along, how he could do such a thing as to take my pocket-book, and he said, that was no place for examination, and he should not say any thing further about it; I have never found my pocket-book or notes since.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Had you any note or bill of exchange due to you, besides the 53l. that you say you have lost? - A. No.
Q. Then I take it for granted, you never have said to any body, that you had lost 120l.? - A. I never said any thing of the kind.
Q. Did you never ask 120l. of any body to indemnify you for your loss? - A. I never did, upon my oath.
Q. Did you ever give in 106l. as your loss? - A.Receipts and all amounted to 106l.
Q. Did you never ask 106l. to indemnify you? - A. No.
Q.There was nobody else in the room at any part of the time, but these three men and yourself? - A.There were no more, except the landlord and landlady coming in and out.
Q. It was after you had looked over the notes, that he told you his name was Foreman? - A. Yes; he told me a very great story to say that his mother was housekeeper to Lord Grosvenor.
Q. Lord Grosvenor has more houses than one, we all know-Don't you know that he gave you his real name? - A. I have not a doubt of it.
Q. Did you not say before the Magistrate; that when Foreman returned into the room, he observed to you that Wilson and Tarver were gone away, and then he went away? - A. No, I did not say so; he never came in at all.
Q. You expected to be the pay-master for this liquor that was called for? - A. Yes.
Q.Therefore there was no occasion for them to wait to pay the reckoning? - A. No; I was treating them in friendship as I thought, little thinking they meant to rob me.
Q. You took up this man on the 3d of December, and he was not committed for trial till the latter end of December? - A. He was not.
Q. Mr. Chandler, who was to have been your partner, is here, is he not? - A. Yes.
Q. You have occasionally given him accounts of this business? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know a relation of Wilson's of the same name? - A. Yes; he called upon me the next day after I was robbed, at my own lodgings.
Q.Do you know a person of the name of Foreman, a relation of the prisoner's, who lives at the Tower? - A. Yes; I saw him before I came in.
Q.Did you never say it was Wilson who robbed you? - A. No; I have said, he was certainly the instigation of my being robbed, but I never said he was the man that robbed me.
Q.Did you never say, you did not know who had robbed you, and that you only knew you had the money before you got there? - A. I never did.
Q.You called upon Foreman, in the Tower? - A. Yes; he keeps the Golden-chain public-house.
Q. Did you never tell him, if he would come forward and advance 25l. or guineas, you would take care not to appear? - A. I never said any thing of the kind.
Q. Did you not go a second time, and say to Foreman, if he would advance fifteen guineas, you would say no more about it? - A. I did not.
Q. Had you a constable with you? - A. Yes; his name is Kennedy.
Q.Did you not shew him a warrant? - A. The constable did.
Q. Did you not tell him, if he did not advance money, you would take Foreman up? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Did he not send you away, telling you you were a couple of bites, and he would have nothing to do with you? - A. No; he spoke very short and saucily to us, and we walked off, we had no right to be talked to in that manner, we went there in hopes of finding the prisoner.

Q. Did you never say, that you were determined you would not lose all the money, for you would have 40l. or else you would hang this man? - A. I never did; for I believe there is nothing to be had about it.
Q. Do you know Sarah Lettin? - A. Yes; her husband has been with me several times, and wrote several letters upon the business.
Q. Did you never say so to her? - A. No.
Court. Q.Wilson is an old acquaintance of your's? - A. I have known him three or four years; he is now in the army accoutrement line, I had no suspicion, I looked upon him as a reputable man.
Q. Was kind to you when you were in distress? - A. Yes; Tarver was journeyman to Wilson.
Q. What took you to Foreman's relation in the Tower? - A There had been a great number of people at my lodgings about it, to settle it.
Q. Did you go there with an intent to take mone from him? - A.Nothing of the kind, I took a constable with me, in hopes of taking him there.


                  RICHARD
                   TERRY
               



             sworn. - I am a boot and shoe-maker, No. 10, pitt-street, Tottenham-court-road; Foreman lodged with me about half a year, I had some letters from his uncle.
Q. Have you had any from the prisoner? - A. No; he went away from me on the 7th of November, he was away for eleven days, and when he came back, he had a watch and a horse.


                  JOHN
                   CHANDLER
               



             sworn. - I am a calico-glazer; I know nothing at all to affect the prisoner, any more then Mr. Disney coming to make it up.
Jury. (To Lord.) Q. Are you sure you had the pocket-book, when you returned out of the yard? - A. I am very sure I had it when I returned; I am very subject to put my hand to my coat-pocket, when I have any property in it.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.


                  CHARLOTTE
                   ROBINS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I live at No. 16, Duke's-court, Drury-lane.
Q. Do you know Mr. Lord? - A. I have seen him several times; the first time I saw him was in the Marshalsea-prison.
Q.Did you ever hear him say any thing about the loss of his money? - A. Yes; I heard him say, that he had lost a sum of money in a public-house, in Wardour-street, or Berwick-street, I don't know which; he said, he had lost his pocket-book out of his pocket; he said, there were three men in company with him, and he could not tell who took it; he said, he felt one Mr. Wilson to unbutton his coat, he said, as he had got 
               
                  Henry
                   Foreman
               



            , he would go round to all his friends, to see if they would make up his money, rather than lose it all, he would take 20l. sooner than hurt either of them.
Cross-examined by the Court. Q.Where was it that you heard him say this? - A. At 
               
                  Sarah
                   Lettin
               



            's, No. 17, Stewart's-rents, in the morning of the day that he took Foreman at night.
Q. How do you know he took him that night? - A. I was in the house when he was taken; 
               
                  Sarah
                   Lettin
               



            , is my sister, and I was there to see her.
Q. What brought Lord there? - A. I don't know; he came there very frequently.
Q. How came you to be at the house where the prisoner was taken? - A. I knew the people, and I went to see them.
Q. Your visit was not to Foreman? - A. No, to the people in the second floor.
Q. What time was it that he was taken? - A. About six o'clock.
Q. Did you know that he lodged there? - A. He did not lodge there; he was up there when I went in, I had known him a long while.


                  SARAH
                   LETTIN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys I live in Stewart's-rents; the prosecutor came backwards and forwards to my apartments, I have heard him say, he could not tell who robbed him, he could not tell that it was either Wilson, Tarver, or Foreman; he said, he had his money before he went into the public-house, and he missed it when he came out; I heard him say, he believed Wilson to be the man who picked his pocket, for he felt his hand in his pocket; he said, likewise, that he had known him to be a very bad, base man, he had been a journeyman of his, and he had found him out to be a very wicked man, only, he said, as Foreman was in the company, he knew his friends were people of credit, and he thought, if he took him up, his friends would come forward and settle the matter; he said, he had been to Wilson's friends, and told them, that the money he had lost was 120l. I asked him why he informed me before that it was only 53l. he said, because he thought he should get his 53l. back, and a little more to make up his lost time; I have repeatedly heard him say, that if he could not do the prisoner Foreman over, at Marlborough-street, he would be sure to do it at the Old-Bailey, as he should bring forward plenty of witnesses, and if he was hung, he should be sure to have 40l. towards his 53l. he said that repeatedly.
Cross-examined by the Court. Q. What are you? - A. I am a poor man's wife, my husband gets his bread, sometimes being with an attorney, in term time, and at other times, any thing he can get to do in an honest way.
Q. What attorney is he with? - A. He has been with Mr. Johnson, in the New-inn, Mr. Humphreys, and Mr Yates, in Cook's court, Carey-street.
Q. What do you do towards your living? - A. Ido not do any thing but mind my family, it is not in my power, I have three children.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with Mr. Lord? - A. I believe it is about six weeks since I first saw him.
Q.What brought him to your house? - A. He came to my house continually to see if he could find out Wilson and Tarver.
Q. Do you know them? - A. No; I never saw them in my life.
Q. Did you tell him you did not know them? - A. Yes.
Q. How came he to repeat his visits at your house then? - A. I do not know; he was very riotous at our house.
Q. How often have you had conversation with him upon this subject? - A. I cannot say how often, he has repeatedly come to my lodgings; he has said, that he was very sorry that he had taken up Foreman, because he believed Wilson was the man; but he thought Foreman's friends, being people of credit, would come forward.


                  GEORGE
                   FOREMAN
               



             sworn. - I keep the Golden-chain public-house, in the Tower; my brother is the prisoner's father.
Q. Do you know Mr. Lord? - A. I know a gentleman who answered to the name of Lord, that is the man, (pointing to him); he is in a different dress; he called upon me two Sundays running, about four or five weeks ago, before my nephew was taken up; the first time he came alone, and asked me if my name was not Foreman; I said, yes; then he asked me if I had not a nephew in the Supplementary Militia; I told him I believed I had, I had been informed so, but not knowing the truth of it, I could not say; he told me he had been in his company, and had lost a pocket-book with Bank-bills, and Bank-notes, and Bills of Exchange, to the amount of one hundred and twenty pounds; and, to the best of my recollection, he asked me what was to be done in it; he said, if he could get but twenty-five pounds he would say no more about it; I said I would advance no money upon any such pretences; he said, he had been offered ten pounds more than he had lost, and had refused it, I believe that was all that passed that evening; he came again the Sunday following, with an elderly gentleman who said he was a constable, and they asked me what was to be done in the business, for they meant to take him up; the elderly gentleman shewed me a piece of paper like a warrant, I was apt to think it was an old warrant, or a sham matter, because it was all over dirt.
Q. Did you read it? - A. No, they would not let me; Mr. Lord then offered to take fifteen guineas; I told him I would not advance any thing; Mr. Lord told me then he should persevere; I wanted to know the reason why the other people that were in the room with him were not taken up as well as Foreman; and he said they were absent, not to be found; and that if I, or some of my family, did not come forward, he should take him up.
Cross-examined by the Court. Q. Have you known much of this nephew of your's of late? - A. I have not seen him, above once or twice, these six months.
Q. You did not know he was in the supplementary Militia? - A. I had heard so, but I could not believe it.
Q. What way of life was he in? - A. An apprentice to a cabinet-maker.
Q. What was his master's name? - A.Dowling, in Lambeth-marsh; he had been apprenticed about four years.
Q. Do you know any person of the name of Disney? - A. No.
Q. Then, of course, you never gave any such person authority to settle the matter, and desired him to apply to you? - A. Never.
Q. Nor any one else? - A. No.
The prosecutor was then called up again, and interrogated as to the several expressions sworn to by the witnesses for the prisoner, all which he positively denied.
The prisoner called three other witnesses, who gave him a good character.
GUILTY (Aged 22).
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
