






551. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RUSSELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SHIRLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of September
, a jacket, value 7s. and two pair of breeches, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Rous
                     



                  , Esq.
 a cloth coat, value 21s. two shirts, value 5s. a waistcoat, value 3s. four pair of cotton stockings, value 8s. two pair of silk stockings, value 6s. six neck-handkerchiefs, value 6s. two waistcoat, value 3s. a pair of shoes, value 2s. 6d. a pair of silver buckles, value 10s. 6d. and a pocket-handkerchief, value 12d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hulse
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        George
                         Rous
                     



                  , Esq.
            



                  THOMAS
                   HULSE
               



             sworn. - I am butler
 to Mr. Rous, in Bedford-square


: On Monday morning, the 24th of September, between eleven and twelve in the day, I and two of the servants were sitting in the front parlour, with the blinds put to, which prevented us from seeing any thing of the transaction; somebody rang at the door, and said there had been a man in the area, and upon coming out of the house, I saw a bundle tied up in a silk handkerchief, lying on the top of a door in the area; I then immediately ran across the square with some other people; I did not see any body, and therefore I returned; the next morning I went to Bow-street, and stated what things were lost. The property that was taken away was my own property; four pair of cotton stockings, two pair of silk, two waistcoats, an upper one and an under one, a pair of shoes, and a pair of silver buckles; six neck-handkerchiefs and a coat were taken out of the area, but not carried away, and a jacket and two pair of leather breeches belonging to my master; that is all I know of the transaction.


                  MICHAEL
                   JOHN MASON
               



             sworn. - I am going of thirteen years of age.
Q. Do you know the nature of an oath? - A. Yes.
Q. What will become of you if you swear falsely? - A. I shall go to hell.
Q. Where shall you go if you behave righteously? - A. To God. (He is sworn). I live in Plumtree-street; I was going with a child across Bedford-square, I saw the prisoner Shirley looking down Mr. Rous's area, and I turned round the square; when I go into the square, I generally sit at Mr. Rous's steps; I sat down, and then I saw the prisoner Russell in the area, and afterwards I saw Russell look over the window, and then from that window to the door, there were three windows, he looked in at all of them, and then he went in at the hall door, it was not locked, he just turned it round; he went in, and Shirley gave me a knock of the head, and asked me what I was looking there for, why could I not look strait; when I was at Clerkenwell I forgot to mention that; then Russell came out with the clothes and went under the watch-box, at the corner of the square, and put the clothes down on the pavement; he gave 
               
                  Shirley
               


             some of them in his apron, and he walked as far as Great Russell-street, and then afterwards he ran, and Russell tied the other clothes up, and put them in the corner of the dust-hole door, and then came back to the watch-box, and he opened the watch-box gate, and came out; I went and rang at Mr. Rous's door, and some of the servants came out.
Q. Are you sure these are the two men? - A. I am positive they are the men.
Q. How soon did you see the prisoners afterwards? - A. As I was going home I saw Shirley.
Q. When were they taken up? - A. Russell was taken up that same night; I cannot rightly say when Shirley was taken up.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Are you perfectly sure the prisoners were the men? - A. Yes.
Q. I believe you said at Bow-street, that the man that you took for Shirley was marked with the small-pox? - A. No, he had a mark upon his lip.
Q.Did not you say that was the reason why you knew him? - A. No, I did not; I said he had a remarkable plain face.


                  THOMAS
                   RABBITS
               



             sworn. - Q. How old are you? - A.Thirteen.
Q. Do you know the nature of an oath? - A. Yes.
Q.Where will you go if you take a false oath? - A. To hell.
Q. If you behave well in this world, what will become of you then? - A. I shall go to heaven.(He is sworn). I live at the Bedford-arms; I wentout with a pot of beer to Serjeant Hill's, the day that Mr. Rous's house was robbed; I saw the prisoner Russell come out of the area, and as he came out of the area, I saw a slit in his coat, and that is all I know him by; I saw him at Bow-street, he had the same coat on then, I did not see his face.


                  WILLIAM
                   BARRETT
               



             sworn. - I live at the Bedford-arms, in Charlotte-street: On the Monday that Mr. Rous's house was robbed, I saw Russell running across the square.
Q. Did you know him before? - A. No,I never saw him before.
Hulse. This property was left behind, tied up in the prisoner's handkerchief. (Produces it).
Q. They are of no great value, I believe? - A. No; here are two coats which I can swear to, and two shirts, which have the initials of my name.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You do not know whose handkerchief that is? - A. No, only what Wilson told me.


                  HENRY
                   CROCKER
               



             sworn. - (Produces a coat). This is the coat that was on Russell at Bow-street, which answered the description the boy gave of it.
Shirley's defence. I am quite innocent; I know nothing at all of it; the mark that the boy spoke of on my lip, was done with shaving the first night that I was in prison.
For Shirley.


                  JOSEPH
                   GRIMSHALL
               



             sworn. - I was in Tothillfields prison for stealing a sheep's kidney of the value of a penny; Shirley, when he first came to the prison, asked me to shave him, I shaved him, I think it was this day month, I accidentally cut his upper lip, which caused a mark; he had no visible mark on his upper lip before.
Court. (To Wilson.) Q. Had the prisoner, Shirley, a cut in his lip? - A. Yes, he had.
Q. And did you say so at Bow-street? - A. Yes.
Hulse. When he appeared at Bow-street, he had a cut in his lip, which appeared to have been of a long standing; he first said it was a cold, which had broke out, and afterwards he said it was a cut; a person, who examined him, said, in the hearing of the prisoner, that it was a cut of a much longer standing.
The prisoner Shirley called six other witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Shirley, GUILTY (Aged 24.)
Russell, GUILTY (Aged 21.)
Of 


               stealing goods, value 39s.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
