





19. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, five cloth cloaks, value 3l. 10s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Todhunter
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   TODHUNTER
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of November a young man told me that he had taken these cloaks in of the prisoner at the bar. I have nothing further to say than they are my property.


                  THOMAS
                   SKELTON
               



             sworn.
On the 9th of November, between five and six in the evening, our neighbour gave us information to take care of our windows, for they had observed two or three suspicious persons crossed at the corner of our windows. My master is a linen draper and mercer
; I went out and found the window broke or cut, with some cloaks out; I ran down Argyle-street immediately; at the bottom of the street, I saw 
               
                  William
                   Robinson
               



            , the prisoner at the bar, with the bundle under his arm, tied in a blue apron, in company with two other persons; I laid holdof him and said, d-n you, I have you; the prisoner made answer and said, what, sir; says I, you have stole these cloaks, which you have under your arm; after that he struck me in the face; I called for assistance, and he throws the bundle over an area belonging to Mr. Northcote, immediately a constable came to my assistance, he was secured, and taken before a magistrate, sitting at Marlborough-street; I have the cloaks here, they have been in Mr. Todhunter's possession ever since; I can swear them to be my master's property.
Mr. Todhunter. Four out of the five I can swear to, they have all got the shop mark on.
Prisoner. My fellow servant
 that I worked with, his wife was taken ill. After I had done my work I went home to supper, an order came in that he was to go and buy a horse at Hackney, and he immediately said to me, that his wife was taken ill, and he would be very much obliged to me if I would go and buy the horse in his stead; I said I would go to serve him in any respect whatever; I went and bought the horse; coming along this place there was a gentleman on the other side of the way came over and catched hold of me by the collar; I asked him what he wanted with me? he immediately replied you are one of the persons that has robbed my shop; he had me in custody for the space of five or six minutes, he wanted to take me back to the place from whence he came, and then he turned back, looked over his shoulder, let me go, ran away from me round the corner of the street; knowing myself innocent, I never stirred from the place where I was left; he ran back again and said, you are the person, and I have got you; immediately a gentleman came up and asked what was the matter? I says, I don't know what is the matter,for this gentleman has taken me by the collar, and says he has got me. The prosecutor made answer and said directly, are you a constable? yes, says he, but I don't belong to the office; he says, that don't signify, I give you charge of him, and we went into the office directly; we were near Marlborough-street. I have got no witness. My fellow servant's wife is very ill, and he was obliged to attend his wife, and my mistress is subject to the rheumatism in her arms, and cannot come.
Court to Skelton. Where did you get them from after they were thrown away? - They were given me by the servant of Mr. Northcote.


                  LYDIA
                   WHITEMAN
               



             sworn.
I live in Argyle-street, I live with Mr. Northcote; I heard the alarm of stop thief; I went to go up to the area steps to see what it was, I kicked against the bundle that laid at the bottom of the area steps; I called a little boy to fetch a light, and he came down directly from the area steps, and went into the kitchen and fetched a lighted candle, and when I got the candle I heard the people call, and ask if we had got them? and the little boy took them up, and carried them up the steps, and said here they are, I took them from the child at the top of the steps, and gave them to Skelton.
Court to Skelton. Was that the house, that you see them thrown down the area? - Yes.
Jury. Did you never leave the man, after you once saw him with the cloaks? - No, I never let him go out of my sight.
Prisoner. This man when he had me in custody, attempted to take me back from whence he came; he knocked my hat off in the street, and left me for the space of three minutes, and I went and picked up my hat, in that time he tookhold of me again, and took me into the office immediately.
Skelton. I never left him.


                  PETER
                   COPELAND
               



             sworn.
I am constable of St. George's Hanover-square. I happened to be out about my own business on the 9th of November. I was coming home in the evening, I heard the cry of stop thief, and when I came up to the person, Mr. Skelton had hold of the prisoner, and I took him by the collar, and went to the opposite side of the way, where we got the bundle out of the area. The prisoner was never out of my sight, after the cry of stop thief. There were two others running. I did not see him with the bundle in his hand.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before
Mr. Justice ASHURST.
