






135. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHANDLER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     M'GRIMES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of December
, a silk handkerchief, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Macartney
               




            .


                  THOMAS
                   MACARTNEY
               



             sworn. - On the 18th of December, about twelve o'clock at noon, I saw the prisoner, M'Grimes, walking behind me, near Featherstone-buildings, in Holborn


, he was not above a yard from me; I looked at him once or twice; and in a very short time, I felt my coat go from me, as if something was gone out of my pocket; I immediately put my hand to my pocket, and found my handkerchief was gone; it was a silk handkerchief, such as I wear round my neck; I immediately turned round, and laid hold of him; I told him, I believed he had taken something out of my pocket; he made some answer, but I cannotrecollect what; a person coming by at the time, said, he had picked my pocket; I kept hold of him, and would not let him go; he said something, but I don't know what it was; I took him to Hatton-garden office, but there was nothing found upon him; I saw Chandler run away as soon as I was told that my pocket was picked; he was pursued, and brought to the office; I saw him walking before me till he heard the cry of stop thief, and then he ran away; there was nothing found upon either of them; I had seen my handkerchief not a quarter of an hour before, in my pocket; I felt it in my pocket while M'Grimes was following me.


                  ROBERT
                   HANSON
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher, servant to Mr. Edwards, in Fuller's rents: On Monday, the day before the King went to St. Paul's, I saw the two prisoners in Holborn, in the forenoon, about eleven o'clock; M'Grimes was following Mr. Macartney, two or three yards behind him: as I was passing him, I saw a silk handkerchief picked out of his pocket, by M'Grimes, and he gave it to Chandler; Chandler walked on down Holborn, and I told Mr. Macartney, that his pocket was picked; he had hold of the man when I told him; Chandler immediately turned up Featherstone-buildings, and then ran away towards Bedford-row; after they were taken, I went to the office with them.


                  WILLIAM
                   BENNETT
               



             sworn. - On Monday, the 18th of December, I was walking through Bedford-row, I heard a cry of stop thief, I saw the prisoner, Chandler, running, and I immediately ran after him, he turned down the first turning on the left hand, about the center of Bedford-row, he saw that I was close at his heels, and he turned down a coach-yard; he turned round, and said, am I the man you are running after; several other people came up, and we took him into custody; I went with him to the office; he was searched in Theobald's-road, but there was nothing found upon him.
Chandler's defence. I had been down into Field-lane, after some old iron; I was going up Red-lion-street, and heard a cry of stop thief, and this man came up, and laid hold of me; the constable pulled down my breeches, and opened my coat and waistcoat, and searched me; I had no handkerchief of that gentleman's about me; I am a stranger in London.
M'Grimes's defence. I belong to the Supplementary Militia; I was going up Holborn, upon business for my serjeant, and this gentleman laid hold of me, and said, I had picked his pocket.
Chandler, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 24).
M'Grimes, GUILTY (Aged 26).





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
