





58. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NORMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Mark 
                           Small
                        



                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 28th of December
 last, and putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person, and against his will, three shirts, and other things, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Small
                        



.


                  MARK
                   SMALL
               



             sworn.
How old are you? - I am fourteen next July.
Do you know what will become of you, if you take a false oath? - I shall go to hell.
Jury. Do you know the meaning of an oath? - If I should swear false, I shall go in a place of punishment. I lost three bundles I carried from my mother's, White-horse yard, Wells-street, East-Smithfield; I was to carry them to Mr. Waldron's, in Catharine-street, Strand, a cabinet-maker; I was going along Crutched-friars, and this lad came over to me, and asked me if I could tell him where Lombard-street was, the Post-office, and I was going to give him directions, and he said he would be much obliged to me if I would show him; when I came to Lombard-street, I said, there is the Post-office; never mind, says he, I will call as I come back; he followed me, and just as I got to St. Andrew's church he said he would give me sixpence to carry a letter to Ely-place


; I took the letter, and he shewed me which house to go in; as I was going in that house, he snatched my bag, in which were the three bundles, off my head, hat and all, and then he ran down the street, and dropt my hat just at the bottomof Ely-place; I halloo'd out, stop thief! as soon as ever I picked my hat up, he was out of my sight; I ran to Mr. Waldron's, to tell him I was robbed; I cannot tell what time it was, but the lamps were lighted; they were not lighted when I set off from home, it was then between three and four; I had not known him before; I took notice of him by his face and voice; I saw him again on the Monday, at night, at the Public-office, East-Smithfield; I saw my mother put the things in, but I cannot tell exactly what they were.


                  JOHN
                   SMALL
               



             sworn.
I know that my wife washes for the young men the linen was going to, and put up the things.


                  HANNAH
                   SMALL
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  John
                   Small
               



            : on Christmas-eve I sent my son with three bundles; in one was a waistcoat, one pair of blue cotton stockings, with silk stockings; the next was one muslin neckcloth and other things; and a pair of shoes in the third bundle; that he was to carry to Mr. Chappell's, in the first place, in Middle-row, Holborn; and the next place he was to go to Mr. Waldron's, Catharine-street, in the Strand, with the rest; he came home, and told me he had lost the things, and said he could swear to the person from an hundred; I never saw any of the things again; I suppose they might be worth 30 s. altogether.


                  ROBERT
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I am the officer that took the prisoner up; the boy and the father came to me on the Monday; he described to me the man as a short man, black coat, black waistcoat, and corduroy breeches, and something particular in his walk, with straight light hair; in the afternoon I apprehended the prisoner in St. Catharine's, and brought him to the King's-arms, East-Smithfield; he had on then a blue great coat, buttoned from the top to bottom; I put the prisoner in the tap-room, amongst not less than twenty, and then sent for the boy; he came with his father and mother, and picked out the prisoner, and said, that is the man in the corner, but that is not the coat he had on, and then told me his dress again; on which I made him pull his great coat off, and then appeared the clothes the boy had described him to have had on when he robbed him: I searched him, but found nothing on him that concerned this robbery.
Prisoner. This gentleman pointed me out to the boy.
Dawson. I did not; I sent the boy in from the parlour by himself, and told him to go in the tap-room; and he went in, and said the man was there; afterwards I went in with him, and told him to go and put his hand upon him.


                  CATHERINE
                   VANNEST
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner at the bar; he dined with me that day, Christmas-eve, and staid with me till six o'clock in the evening; I live in Great Gardens, St. Catharine's.
How came that young man to dine with you? - He often comes, and I wash for him, and he lodged in a house in St. Catherine's-lane; I take in washing, and my husband is at sea: he went away after the bellman went, which I compute to be six, or half an hour after; he is my relation.
Did not he get his dinner often with you? - No, only by accident.
How long ago might he have been with you before? - The value of a week.
When had he dined with you? - He dined with me the Sunday before.
What relation is he? - He is my brother.
How came you to be quite so sure it was Christmas-eve? - Because it was on a Saturday, and Christmas-day was on a Sunday.
Might it not be on the 17th, that was on a Saturday? - No, it was the day before Christmas-day, I am very positive.
Was there any body else but you and him dined together? - Nobody else.


                  DENNIS
                   STACK
               



             sworn.
From one till six he was in company along with me, in the same room with Mrs. Vannest, and dined with us both (I wentby invitation) on Christmas-eve; she invited me on Friday.
Did she tell you she would meet him? - She did not.
Did she give you any particular reason for dining with her on that day? - No, my Lord.
Was you used to dine with Mrs. Vannest? - When I come from sea I always do, my Lord; she washes for me.
Perhaps you dined with her more than once? - Yes, more than once.
Did you dine by invitation? - Yes.
Did you pay her for your dinner? - Always paid her for my dinner.
Always paid her? - Sometimes I did.
Jury. You said you always paid her? - Gentlemen, it is always paid somehow or somehow.
Court. On your oath, did you ever pay Vannest for your dinner? - No, my Lord, she never charged me nothing for my dinner.
Did you ever pay her for your dinner? - No, never, my Lord, lately.
When did you pay her for your dinner? - About two years ago.
Where did she live then? - In Plymouth Dock.
Did you dine with her on Christmas-day? - I did, and the day after.
What had you for dinner on Saturday? - Beef and pudding.
What sort of a pudding? - Plumb-pudding.
Was the beef roasted or boiled? - Roasted.
What had you on Sunday? - A leg of mutton roasted, my Lord, and potatoes.
What had you on Monday? - The remains that were left after Sunday.
Had you nothing else? - Nothing else, only a pot of beer and a twopenny loaf.
Who dined with you on Saturday? - 
               
                  John
                   Norman
               



            , 
               
                  Catherine
                   Vannest
               



            , and 
               
                  Dennis
                   Stack
               



            .
Who dined with you on Sunday? - The same.
Who dined with you on Monday? - 
               
                  Catherine
                   Vannest
               



             and me alone.
Court to Vannest. I understood you to say that there was nobody dined with you on Saturday but yourself and your brother, but I find I was mistaken, there was another man? - Yes, there was that man, and my brother, and myself: this man came up to my room about one or two o'clock, and I asked him to have a bit of dinner with me, as he was not well.
I understand you wash for him? - I do.
When had you seen him before? - I see him every day when he is not at work; he often calls up to my apartment.
Did he dine with you the day before? - He came up stairs, and I asked him if he had had any victuals; he said no, and I told him to go to the cupboard and get some.
Does he frequently dine with you? - Not always, only sometimes.
Does he pay you for his dinners? - He does not pay me, because I looked upon him as a man that pays me for my washing, and I give him victuals when he is out of work.
When did he dine with you since? - He has had victuals up in my room several times.
Has he dined with you since that time? - Yes.
When? - Last Saturday, for the last time.
When was the next time, after that Saturday, that your brother dined with you? - On Monday, please you, my Lord.
Did he dine with you on Christmas-day? - He did not; he dined with me on Monday following.
Did your brother dine with you on Christmas-day? - He did.
Did any body else besides? - No.
Did your brother dine with you on Monday? - He did.
What had you for dinner on Saturday? - To tell the truth, my Lord, we had an Irish stew, made of mutton and potatoes.
That was your Saturday's dinner, on Christmas-eve? - It was, my Lord.
What had you on Sunday? - A bit of roast beef and a plumb-pudding.
That was the day that this Stack did not dine with you? - It was.
What had you on Monday? - Some of that which was left on Sunday.

That was roast beef and pudding, not mutton and potatoes? -
Prisoner. I am entirely innocent: when I was in the room Dawson told the boy I was there, and he naturally pitched upon me when he was told I was taken there.
Court to 
               
                  Mark
                   Small
               



            . Did Dawson tell you to go and see the man, and that he was there, or only for you to go and see if the man was there? - He told me to go and see whether the man was there; I went in and saw he was there, and came and told him, and then he told me to go and put my hand on his head, and he would follow me and see who it was.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not of the highway robbery
            . (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
