





604. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     FITZJOHN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of July
, a pair of women's stays, value 6d. a flannel petticoat, value 6d. a black silk cloak, value 6d. a linen gown, value 12d. a check linen apron value 6d. a white linen apron value 4d. a woman's linen shift, value 12d. a pair of worstead stockings, value 2d. three linen caps, value 3s. a pair of silk mits, value 2s. two yards of silk ribbon, value 12d. and a cotton shawl, value 12d.
             the property of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Clander
               




            , widow
.


                  MARY
                   CLANDER
               



             sworn.
I am a widow, the prisoner lodged with me: On Saturday the 2d of July, I went out between eleven and twelve in the morning, and left the prisoner in the house; I saw the things in the room when I went out; I returned again in the evening, and found the house locked up, and the prisoner gone; she was taken the next day, with my stays, petticoat, and stockings upon her.


                  Joseph
                   Hook
               



            . The prisoner came to where I worked, about a mile and a half from the prosecutrix's, and I heard of the robbery, and stopped her.


                  Robert
                   Hollis
               



            . I was with the last witness when he took her, that is all I know. (The property was produced, and deposed to by the prosecutrix).
Prisoner's defence. My husband brought these things to me, and I have never seen him since; I have been here ever since the sessions before last, and had nothing but what the gentlemen of the jail pleased to give me and my babe, I have no friend in the world.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
