





677. 
               
                  MARIA 
                  M'KENZIE
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th day of June
 last, a gold watch, value 10 l:a gold seal, value 10 s. a gold watch hook, value 5 s. a gold key, value 2 s. a metal watch key, value 1 d. a silk ribbon; value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Playsted
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   PLAYSTED
               



             sworn.
I am an attorney
 in Barnard's-Inn; I do not sleep there: on the 8th of June, in Fleet-street, I had been at the Globe Tavern, and walking up from thence to my lodging, it was about a quarter after one, in Johnson's-court, Fleet-street


, the prisoner at the bar met me; I was walking with my hands rather behind me, thinking on other things; I had not the least conception she would address herself to me; she was without a hat or cloak, in a very dirty dress, and the instant she came close to me she put both her hands round me; being much surprised, I rather swore at her, and she put her right hand towards the right side of my breeches; I suspected it to be improper conduct in her: she left me, and a few yards after I knocked at the door in Johnson's-court, and feeling for my watch to wind it up, I found I had lost it: I found the breeches pocket was turned inside out: my money in my waistcoat pocket that was not lost: I described the prisoner accurately, for her face was close to mine; but the most pointed thing by which I can speak, exclusive of speech, countenance, and dress, is, that she has lost the right eye, or appears to be blind, and it was by that leading feature that I described her: she was taken up about five weeks after: I never found my watch again: I was perfectly sober.




               GUILTY
            

Of stealing, but not privately.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
