





281. 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     ANSTED
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Flumstead
                        



                     
                  , widow
, between the hours of five and eleven in the forenoon, on the 9th of July
, 
                     
                        James
                         Paterson
                     



                   and Elizabeth his wife, then and there being in the house, and feloniously stealing therein one linen gown body, value 2 s. one linen gown skirt, value 10 s. one pair of shoes, value 12 d. one woollen mattrass, value 8 s. one flat iron, value 6 d. and one muslin half handkerchief, value 1 s. the goods and chattels of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Annam
                        



.


                  MARY
                   ANN ANNAM
               



             sworn.
I live in Charles-court, Strand


, I live with 
               
                  Mary
                   Flumstead
               



            ; on the 9th of July I lost out of that house the things in the indictment, one linen gown body, &c. The gown cost me 15 s. and was not made up. I am sure it was between five and eleven, I was out with my milk; my daughter went home first, and came and informed me what was the matter. I suspected this woman, because she used to lurk about. When I came home I met this woman at the door; I went to Bow-street, and they advised me first to go to the Pawnbrokers, and make a search, I did so, but did not find any thing; I came home again, and went up stairs to ask the name of this woman; she came down, and said her name was 
               
                  Bridget
                   Everett
               



            . She moved her lodgings the same day I was robbed, and on Monday morning I went to her apartments in Portpool-lane, Gray's-inn-lane, and I found the things in her apartment. The prisoner was in bed; I found one cap, the cap she had on her head, which was mine, and I took the cap as my own, with that Paterson, who was with me, told me if I was sure, to go and get a Constable, and charge him with her; I did, and went up into her room again, and then I saw the body of the gown on the chair in her room, and there was two duplicates taken from the chinks of the boards, but I could not observe particularly from whence they were taken.
In what situation did you leave the house when you went out? - It was padlocked when I went out, and when I came back the door was wide open, and I found the padlock broke.
Who lives there besides you? - My landlady, Mrs. Flumsted, and Paterson and his wife.


                  ELIZABETH
                   ANNAM
               



             sworn.
I went out with my mother, and returned about eleven, and when I came down stairs I saw the door was on a jar, and was frightened, and I saw the gown gone and the mattrass, and my mother's shoes. I know no more than what my mother has said.


                  JAMES
                   PATERSON
               



             sworn.
I and my wife was at home on the 9th of July, I went out about ten minutes before seven, and returned at seven, and then staid till after eleven o'clock. When I wentout first in the morning I met the prisoner and her mother in New Round-court, in the Strand; when I was at dinner, Mrs. Annam came to me, and asked me if I knew the girl's name that lived up above me? I told her I did not. The prisoner, hearing this, come out of her room, and said, my name is 
               
                  Bridget
                   Everett
               



            , and you may find me here to-day, but afterwards you may find me at No. 21, Gray's-inn-lane. I went to No. 21, Gray's-inn-lane, and I found the name Everett there, a midwife, not the prisoner; I made all the search I possibly could, and at last I went to a green-stall in Portpool-lane, and asked if such a person was there? They said there was, she came there on Thursday. I went up stairs and knocked at the door, and she opened it, and Mrs. Annam being with me, came in, and she saw the cap was hers; she went out and got a constable, and when he came she said she would give every thing up if there was no more said about it. She produced the gown, and there was two duplicates behind the mantle-piece, one of which led to the shoes, and they were taken out of pawn; nothing else was found.


                  GEORGE
                   WINCH
               



             sworn.
I produce the things, a body of the gown from the prisoner's apartment, a cap and a pair of shoes found at the pawnbroker's, and an half handkerchief, and a piece of the staple broke out.


                  SARAH
                   WARNE
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to a pawnbroker; I cannot swear to the person who pawned these things, the half handkerchief and the shoes.
Prisoner. This man, Paterson, that hath sworn against me, often came up to my mother's apartments to get me to wash his shirt, and got me to pawn a many things, but never brought me into this hobble before.
Court to Paterson. Did you use to carry her up things to pawn? - I never carried her up any thing to pawn.
Prisoner. I would wish you to examine Paterson over again, when he gave me these things.
Court to Paterson. Is it true the evidence you have given? - It is true, my Lord.




               GUILTY, of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
