





598. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CHATTERTON
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of October
, two cloth jackets, value 8s. a saw, value 5s. and a carcase iron hammer, with a wooden handle, value 2d. one smothing plain, value 6d. one trying plain, value 6d. one turkey oil stone, value 1s. a rush basket, value 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Jones
               




            .


                  EDWARD
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
, No. 14, Northumberland-street.
Q. Did you lose any of your tools last month? - Yes, I believe it was the 8th or the 9th.
Q. What did your tools consist of? - Two saws, a basket, and an oil stone, two planes, an iron hammer, and a number of other things.
Q. Did you lose two cloth jackets? - I lost one, and another young man that works along with me lost one, at the next bench with me.


                  Q. 
               


            Did the prisoner work with you? - No.
Q. At what time of the day did you see them last? - I left them when it was too dark to see to work, in the evening, about eight o'clock; I came the next morning, and the door was bursted open, and the things stole.
Q. Did you ever get them again? - Yes, I have got them from him.
Q. Where did you find them? - I found them in James-street; the jacket was stopped at a pawnbroker's; the other tools I was directed by a butcher, in a house where he lived; I went there, and my master with me, to one Mrs. Nelson's, and I found my basket and tools.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - I have seen him I believe, but never knew him, he worked near the building where I did, he was a life guardsman.
Q. In what capacity did he work? - He is a carpenter by trade, and had workedthere sometime, as I was told afterwards, I do not pass that side of the way that he worked.
Q. You have no certainty that fixes it on him? - No, he was stopped in pledging the jacket.
Jury. Where did you leave these things? - In the building, where I was at work.
Q. Was the door locked? - It was, the door was bursted open some how or other, but the lock was not shut back.
JAMES MULCSTER sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, I have got a jacket. On the morning after the robbery, some persons belonging to the things, came and made me acquainted with it; about half an hour after, the prisoner at the bar came with the jacket, and I stopped it; this is the jacket. (The jacket shewn.) He said he bought it of a labouring man that morning; I know the prisoner, and I know that he belongs to the life guards, and so I did not stop him, but made him give the proper directions where he lived.
Court to Jones. Look at this jacket, and see whether you know that jacket to be your's? - Yes, I know it by the buttons, because I wore the buttons six or seven years ago on a waistcoat, before they were put on this jacket; they laid by a year or two before they were put on this jacket; besides it is a very particular cloth.
Mr. Knowlys. There is no mark on it I see? - No, but the cloth was made in Wales, it was not made by cloth manufacturers, but was made by people for their own use, and they breed the sheep that the wool come off their backs.


                  WILLIAM
                   RIDGELY
               



             sworn.
I heard that the building had been broken open this morning, and I advised them to go to the pawnbroker's, which they did, and soon after this, the pawnbroker came to the building, with information that they had got the jacket; I went to the office to get officers, to go and take this man; and when we went, he was laying on the bed, and he said he thought he could find the man that gave it him, and he went all about the building, and he could not find the man; and we took him to the public office, and I had information from a woman that he was met with the tools; he confessed he took the jacket, before the magistrate, and the tools, and that he broke the building open before, and that he had broke open other buildings.
Mr. Knowlys. Was that taken in writing what he said before the magistrate? - No, I believe not.
Q. Who was present? - Jones was pretent.
Q. Was there any officers belonging to the office? - Yes, there was.
Q. Are there no one here? - I never asked them to come; they were there.
Court to Jones. Was you present when the prisoner said any thing about it? - Yes, he told me that he broke in the buildings, and took the things; and moreover he told me of five saws that were not mine; and the man is here somewhere that belongs to them.
Mrs. NELSON sworn.
Q. Mrs. Nelson, you had a parcel of stolen goods in your kitchen, how came you by them? - I did not know they were stolen.
Q. Who brought them there? - 
               
                  Thomas
                   Chatterton
               



            . He came in my room one morning, and said, Mrs. Nelson, will you be so good as to let me leave my basket here? I asked him what? he said be so kind as to let me leave my tools here; I said you may set it down; he went out and brought in a basket, and set it down in the kitchen; and the basket was standing there, and two gentlemen came in and said, did any body leave a basket here? I said, yes; and they said they were stolen things, and they took it out; I did not know they were stolen things, because Chatterton left them just before.
Jones. I know this saw to be mine.
Q. Was that put in the basket? - Yes, I can swear to that being mine by the rust, and by different marks on it before I bought it; I have had it these four or five years.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
