





185. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SLATER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of December
 last, ten pounds weight of beef, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harrison
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HARRISON
               



             sworn.
I live in St. George's


 parish; I am a butcher
; I left this witness, Gillikon, to look after my beef about half past one, while I was absent.
- GILLIKON sworn.
I am servant to the butcher, he left me in care of his shop; about two, I was on the other side of the way, and the prisoner came along the same side as the shop, and took up a mouse buttock of beef from theshopboard, and put it under his apron and went away; I went to seize him; he dropt the beef, and ran away; I could not pursue him, having no person in the shop; I took up the beef; the prisoner was apprehended the same afternoon; I saw the prisoner afterwards, in Barret's-court, with some more of his companions, and observed him, knowing him to be the man that took the beef; and a little boy said, Will, see how the b - r stags you; and the prisoner came up to me, and said, you b - y thief, what did you call out stop thief for; I will cut your b - y head off, and they began beating me when I cried stop thief: his foot slipped, and I ran away; immediately I went to a constable, who refused to go with me; his name is Yates, he keeps a hair-dresser's shop; I went to Mr. Harrison, and he came with me, and took the prisoner standing by the fire at the public-house, the Pontefract Castle; I am certain the prisoner was the man; I never saw him before that day.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
