





578. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     AMBRIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of October
, a chest, containing 89 lb of tea, value 20l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Bell
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Ball
               



            .


                  MATTHEW
                   BELL
               



             sworn. - I am a tea-dealer
, in Goodge-street: On the 19th of September, I lost a chest of tea, on the road from the Company's warehouses to my house; I can only prove the identity of the chest.
SARAH BALL sworn. - I keep town carts, I ply at the warehouses; I was employed on Friday, the 19th of September, to carry six chest of tea to Mr. Bell's house, I was present at the loading of them, there were thirteen in the cart, but six only belonging to Mr. Bell; they were loaded about five o'clock in the afternoon from the warehouses in Fenchurch-street; I had two men to go with the cart, one to drive, and the other to watch the property.


                  JAMES
                   BACCUS
               



             sworn. - I drove the cart: As I was going pretty sharp through Broad-street, St. Giles's


, one hyson chest jerked off the copse of the cart, I turned round and put that chest upon the copse again, where it was before; I then looked at the tail of the cart, and found the rope had been cut; I did not see the prisoner, by, upon turning round, I saw the chest upon the ground, in the possession of the officers.


                  WILLIAM
                   CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: On Friday evening, a little after six o'clock, I and three of my brother officers going up Holborn, saw the prisoner and another, as I thought, lodging a cart loaded with tea, we followed them up Holborn, and about Little Turnstile, the prisoner went to the tail of the cart, he then went back again to his companion, and they kept on even with the cart till they came into Broad-street, St. Giles's; about the middle of Broad-street, St. Giles's, the prisoner went to the cart, and thrust the chest down to the ground from the hind part of the cart; his companions directly went to assist him, and then all four of us went to lay hold of him; the prisoner ran up Compton-street, and I followed him, I never lost fight of him; the carter was along side of his horses, and the other man upon the copse of the cart; I did not see him cut the rope, but I found this knife in his pocket, (producing it.) The chest of tea produced.
Q. Was it light or dark? - A. It was just about the lighting of the lamps, about six o'clock.


                  LEVY
                   OBURN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer: I know nothing more than Mr. Chapman has said; I never lost fight of the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the charge that is laid against me.
Oburn. The prisoner made use of very bad expressions, he said, he would cut our bloody lifetimes out, and it was half an hour before we could tie his hands, he was so very obstreperous.
Mr. Ball. I know this chest to be my property.
Mrs. Ball. This is one of the chests that I saw put into the cart.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
