





352. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CORBETT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Reynolds
                     




                  , about the hour of two in the night, of the 29th of March
, with intent to steal his goods, and burglariously stealing therein, eighteen pair of leather shoes, value 27s. and a child's leather shoe, value 3d.
             the property of the said Edward.


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn. - I live opposite to the prosecutor, he told me his house had been broke open; and on the 7th of this month, I went with the prosecutor to the prisoner's lodgings, and found a shoe concealed in the fire-place; he lives in the coal-yard, Drury-lane, in a two pair of stairs back room, (produces the shoe); the prisoner told me the rest of the property was pawned at Mr. Hinckesman's, in Broad-street, St. Giles's.
Q. He did not tell you that without a great deal of pressing, I suppose? - A. Yes, he told me voluntarily; I found a duplicate in the room, which led to a part of the property. (Produces it.)


                  EDWARD
                   REYNOLDS
               



             sworn. - I am a shoemaker
, in Broad-street, St. Giles's


; my house was broke open, on the 29th of March, the pin of the shop shutters was taken out; I went to bed about eleven o'clock, and saw all fast then; the watch man alarmed me about half past three o'clock in the morning; I came down, and found the shutter was half off, and the two bottom panes of glass broke, I missed about eighteen pair of shoes; on the Friday week following, we found one shoe in the prisoner's lodgings; this is my shoe, I have got the fellow to it in my pocket.
ROBERT HINCKFSMAN sworn. - On the 7th of April, the prisoner pledged a pair of shoes with me for one shilling and a penny, (produces them): he said, they were two odd shoes, and he should be back in an hour, and make them fellows, which he did; I know him very well, he is a neighbour, he is a shoe-maker by trade, and makes up shoes to sell to shops.
Prosecutor. These are my shoes.


                  FRANCES
                   STYLES
               



             sworn. - This prisoner at the bar pledged this pair of shoes, (producing them,) with me, on the 7th of April, I have known him nine or ten years, very near.
Prisoner's defence. I served my time in this shop where this affair happened; I bought these shoes in Rosemary-lane, I believe I laid out about eight shillings that afternoon; I put them on my shelf in a little room, and about three weeks ago, I wanted a little money, and pawned them; my wife and I had some words, and I threw a shoe at her, and it went into the fire-place.
GUILTY
Of 


               stealing the goods, but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  BARON
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
