





267. 
               
                  JEREMIAH 
                  NICHOLLS
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, ten silver table spoons, value 3l. six silver tea spoons, value 10s. a silver gravy spoon, value 10s. a silver sauce ladle, value 5s. a silver desert spoon, value 5s. and one cloth great coat, value 3s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Parker
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , March 5
.
THOMAS PARKER sworn.
I live in Northumberland-street


: On the 6th of March, I returned home in the evening, about eleven, and I was told that the prisoner, who was my servant
, was gone to bed, which led me to some suspicion; and I enquired if the plate was where it ought to be; Mrs. Parker immediately went down where the plate ought to have been, and I discovered that there were twenty spoons missing; some table spoons, some gravy spoons, and some tea spoons; I went up stairs to where he was in bed, and asked him where the plate was; and he told me, after some enquiry, that it was pawned; I desired the watchman to be called, and he to dress himself; and I sent him to the watch-house; he said, that his sister had pawned it.
Q. Did you make use of any threats or promises? - A. No; I did not.


                  Q. 
               


            Was his examination taken in writing? - A. I cannot say; I went to the house in which, he said, his sister lived; and it was then past twelve o'clock; the house was knocked up, and I saw the sister; she produced some duplicates.
Cross-examined by Mr. Vaillant. Q. How long had the prisoner been with you? - A. Very near a twelvemonth.
Q. How lately before this had you looked over the plate? - A. I never looked over it myself.
Q. You cannot pretend to say but these various articles were taken at different times? - A. They might; it happened that we had had no company for three weeks; and if we had not the four spoons at the corners of the table, I made no enquiry about it.
Q. I believe a spoon is the largest article you have lost? - A. Yes.
Q. And that is not worth 40s.? - A. No.
JOHN BROWN sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I took in several articles of plate, and a coat, (producing them,)of one 
               
                  Sarah
                   Nicholls
               



            .
Mr. Parker. These articles are of the description of what I lost.(The prisoner did not make any defence).




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before The Rt. Hon. Lord KENYON.
