





52. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LUCAS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of October
, a feather bolster, value 3s. a feather pillow, value 2s. fifty pounds of feathers, value 30s. two linen sheets, value 4s. 6d. a woollen blanket, value 3s. three prints, framed, value 3s. a copper saucepan, value 3s. 6d. a pair of bellows, value 2s. a copper tea-kettle, value 2s. a brass stew-pan, value 12d. an iron trivet, value 6d. a flat iron, value 6d. part of a pewter dish, value Id. a pail, with an iron hoop, value 6d. a looking-glass, value 12d. and an iron key, value 3d. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Price
                     




                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   PRICE
               



             sworn. - I live at No.9, Dove-court, Petticoat-lane


; the prisoner at the bar, and his wife, took a room of me, on the 29th of September; all the property that I have named in the indictment was in the room when I let it to him; he staid till the 29th of October; he went away, and took the key with him, without giving me notice; I heard no noise up stairs, I got an officer, and went into the room with a lodger of mine, and found the room almost stripped, and the prisoner and his wife gone; I have never recovered any of my property again, only I have seen a picture since, at a broker's door that I thought was mine, but I could not swear to it; I found the prisoner on Tuesday last, in Clement's-lane, and his wife I found in White-stairs; I found him at a public-house warming himself; I had an officer with me, and we took him to the magistrate's.


                  SARAH
                   LEE
               



             sworn. - I went into the room with Mr. Price, and every thing in the room was gone; I knew every thing there was in the house, I had lived in the house twenty years; the things named in the indictment were all in the room when the prisoner became a tenant.
Q. Are you any relation to the prosecutor? - A. No, no relation at all.
Prisoner's defence. I did it through distress, and have nothing farther to say, than plead the mercy of the Court and Jury.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
