





136. 
               
                  
                     SHADRACH 
                     SHAW
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               fraudulently obtaining, under false pretences, of 
                     
                        
                           William Daniel 
                           Moxley
                        




                     
                  , 176 l. 5 s.
             against the statute.
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)


                  WILLIAM
                   DANIEL MOXLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor
: I was at the Bank on the 8th of November, last year; Mr. Shaw was standing at the fire, in the Transfer-office; Mr. Shaw came to me, and asked me the price of the 3 per Cents.; I told him they were an 8th, that meant 88 and an 8th; he told me he wanted to sell 200 l.; I told him he might put them to my name, at that price; I understood 200 l. 3 per Cent. Consols; I saw him very near a quarter of an hour after, and asked him if the stock was transferred; he replied, it was not; I saw him again about half an hour from the second conversation, and he brought me the receipt. (The receipt produced) There is a mistake; I have two Christian names,William Daniel; he left out the William; I told him of the mistake, and that I would go to the books and see if it was right there; Mr. Shaw directed me, under the letter W.; I saw it transferred in the book; I paid him 176 l. 5 s. the price which I agreed for; I paid him by two drafts, which were afterwards paid.
Mr. Shepherd, Prisoner's Counsel. This business was done publickly? - Yes.
Are you a stock-jobber? - I am.
Did you sell this again? - I have, and been paid for the whole.
Do you know who received the dividend? - I do not; I sold it as a jobber.


                  GEORGE
                   GIBBS
               



             sworn.
I witnessed this transfer, and the receipt likewise; I saw Mr. Shaw sign these two several instruments; I am clerk in the 3 per Cent. office; if any person transfers stock, there is a person who inspects the ticket and the books, to see if the money is there: in July, 1791, he made two different transfers.
Mr. Shepherd. Do you not know jobbers to buy and sell the same day; is it a singular thing; if so, how came it not to be noticed in the year 1790? - I have not inspected accounts, so I do not know; but ten years ago, when I inspected accounts, I remember that to have been done; when the books shut the 1st of December, and were opened the 19th of January.
For what purpose are the clerks put? - To assist paying the dividends.
I believe Mr. Shaw has bought and sold? - I have seen an account in the 5 per Cents.
Mr. Garrow. What happened ten years ago was the selling some stock that had been bought the same day? - It was; it is not against all general orders; it is in cases of legacies, and on some particular occasions, when a person will not be in town the next day.


                  WILLIAM
                   SLADDEN
               



             sworn.
I live at Kensington: on the 17th of January I had a visit from Mr. Shaw; I never saw him before that day; he asked if my name was 
               
                  William
                   Sladden
               



            ; if I had not property in the 3 per Cent. Consols; I told him yes, I had; he then said, that owing to the multiplicity of names, and the hurry of business, there had been a mistake; that a person had received a dividend of 400 l. stock of mine, but had given him the money to pay me with, if I would accept of it; I told him, no; if there was any mistake, I would chuse to have it rectified at the Bank tomorrow; says he, it is a holiday, and no business done; come on Thursday; I told him yes, if nothing particular happened; he then told me that his name was Shaw, he had been some years in the 3 per Cent. office, and that he was very well known: on Thursday I went to the Bank; I found out the broker, and went to the 3 per Cent. office, and saw the chief clerk, who informed me that my stock stood right in the ledger, but the dividend-warrant was made out for 250 l. only; Mr. Vicary was the chief clerk.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. This conversation was on the 17th; you did not come till the 19th; he told you his name, and that he was a clerk of the Bank, and exceedingly well known? - Yes.


                  ABRAHAM
                   VICARY
               



             sworn.
I am one of the chief clerks in the Bank: on Mr. Sladden's coming to the office, I looked into the state of the ledger, and found 650 l. to his credit.
In what manner is the preparation for the dividend-warrants? - The books are shut at a certain time, when no transfers can be made, or paid, then of course the several stock-holders stocks had to the ledger; balances are taken on those stock-accounts, and dividend-warrants prepared on those balances, from the balance-sheet; the clerks in general do that; one takes the ledger, the other the slip; Mr. Shaw appears on the ledger to have over credit for 400 l., a false credit, which if taken from that improper place, Mr. Shaw's, and put in its proper place, Mr. Sladden's, it would have made Mr. Sladden's just 650 l. on the balance-sheet; the 400 l. being, in addition to his 250 l. which he had there, 650 l. andthen Sladden would have his whole dividend on the 650 l.
Mr. Garrow to Vicary. Was there a person of the name of Hands in the 3 per Cents.? - There was.
Do you recollect seeing Mr. Shaw and Mr. Hands after Mr. Sladden came to the Bank on the 19th? - I did.
Was that before or after Mr. Shaw was apprized that he must be examined by the Directors? - Before: in that instance it appears that 250 l. was called out to the name of Sladden.
Mr. Shaw had nothing to do in making out that bill? - None in the least.
Had any thing passed between you and Mr. Shaw? - I went and asked Mr. Shaw what mistakes had happened in the office, and what occasioned him to go to Kensington on the Tuesday; he muttered something, and attempted to speak to Mr. Hands, and did speak, as it appeared from what passed; I am not positive, because I was at a distance; soon after that, Mr. Shaw was sent for; I don't know that any intimacy has subsisted between Mr. Shaw and Mr. Hands; he has absconded, and is advertised for that and other offences.
Mr. Shepherd. I believe no clerk in the Transfer-office does business in his own letter? - No, except he is in the place.
Are they never placed in the letter where they have stock? - It is not particularly attended to; I believe he was not placed in letter S.
The ticket that is put into a box a clerk takes it out, and compares it with the stock in the box? - Yes.
Was this balance taken by Mr. Shaw? - I don't know.
Do you not know that often mistakes have happened by people who job? - Certainly there have.
Do you know that it frequently happens that a man buys and sells stock in the same day? - I cannot say; I don't know, except in cases of necessity.
Is it not frequently done by a gratuity to the clerk? - It may be, but I don't allow it.
Mr. WALSH sworn.
I produce the ticket of the transfer in this particular instance, passed by Mr. Hands, whose duty it was in this particular instance to pass it.
- MOORHOOSE sworn.
I am a clerk at the Bank; this is my balance-sheet belonging to the letter S. of my ledger for January, including Sladden's and Shaw's dividend; Mr. Hands made out the money; he assisted; they are not his figures, I don't know whose they are.


                  JOHN
                   WOODHOUSE
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Messrs. Prescott, cashier; I paid Mr. Nesbitt's draft, to the amount of 43 l. 18 s. 9 d. to Mr. Shaw.
Mr. Shepherd. Mr. Shaw was of credit in your house? - He was.
Mr. Garrow. On the 19th of January had he any cash? - He was over-drawn 400 l. by a draft; at which time, before the coming in of that draft, he was over-drawn, I believe, about 40 l. the draft was 360 l.


                  HENRY
                   STUBBS
               



             sworn.
I am clerk in the house of Snaith, Sykes, and Co. I paid Mr. Moxley's draft for 132 l. 6 s. 3 d.


                  FRANCIS
                   WALSH
               



             sworn.
I am a clerk in the Bank: I have an extract from the ledger of the Bank.
On the 16th of November had Mr. Shaw 200 l. 3 per Cent. Consols.? - No, Sir.
Had he any money at all? - No.
Now I would ask you, whether, on the 30th of September, he had the sum of 200 l. or any other sum, in the Consols? - No.
The department in which Mr. Shaw was engaged, was clerk in the Transfer-office? - It was no part of his business to deal in the payment of the dividends; it was the first or second day, and I believe the last is dated on that day.
Was it his ordinary business to pay dividends? - No, his regular business was to transfer, except for the first day or two ofpaying dividends, when we send the clerks in to assist, and I believe Mr. Shaw went in.
From the 18th of May, 1789, till this time, had he ever had more than 20 l. in his account in the Consols? - No, and that was there only to the 6th of August; there was none remaining more than a day.
Do you permit that transaction to take place of buying and selling on the same day? - Not except in particular cases.
(Mr. Shepherd addressed the Jury on the part of the Defendant.)


                  CHARLES
                   DICKSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Gerrard-street; I am a brush-maker and turner; I have known Mr. Shaw nineteen years, one of the most exemplary characters I ever heard of.


                  ANDREW
                   ABBOTT
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 82, Fleet-street; I am potter to the Prince of Wales; I have known him six or seven years; I have intrusted him with many thousand pounds in the stocks.


                  JANE
                   POOLE
               



             sworn.
I live in Camomile-street; I have known him ten or twelve years; he has had very nigh 2000 l. of my property; he has an honest character in every respect.
- CLARIDGE sworn.
I have known him nine years; his character is undeniable; I trusted him with 1300 l. for very nigh six months; when I wanted money, there it was to a farthing.


                  SARAH
                   SERJEANT
               



             sworn.
I live in Whitechapel; I have known him twenty-six years last October; he has the best of characters; he has had several hundreds of pounds pass through his hands.


                  THOMAS
                   ALLUM
               



             sworn.
I live in Chiswell-street; I have known him fifteen years; he kept my books ten years; he has an excellent character; I have trusted him with many hundreds.


                  JOSEPH
                   FRANCIS
               



             sworn.
I have known him seven or eight years; I live in the Strand; he has the very best of characters; I am one of his securities at the Bank.
Mr. BECKET sworn.
I have known him sixteen or seventeen years; he has an unexceptionable good character; I have intrusted him with 4000 l. and he is my executor now: he has a wife and four children, and an aged father and mother.
(The Defendant called three other witnesses, who gave him an excellent character.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
