





287. 
               
                  PENRY 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of February,
 a pair of velveret breeches, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Axford
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   AXFORD
               



             sworn.
I lost a pair of velveret breeches; I believe on the 25th of January, my own property; I enquired after them and they were pawned, 
               
                  William
                   Bramble
               



             has them; I asked the prisoner about them, the prisoner told me, that he had taken them and pawned them.


                  WILLIAM
                   BRAMBLE
               



             sworn.
I produce the breeches. (Deposed to.) I met the prisoner Jones at a public house in Oxford-street, the sign of the Man Loaded with Mischief. I met him in January, he said, he had a hat to dispose it, I asked him where he got it? he said, from an alamode beef shop, he told me also he had the duplicate of a pair of breeches to dispose of at the pawnbroker's in Wardour-street; I gave him a shilling for the duplicate, and I sent 
               
                  Edward
                   Poole
               



            , with two shillings and seven-pence to redeem the breeches, and he brought me these breeches.


                  EDWARD
                   LAVENDER
               



             sworn.
The prisoner had two examinations, and at all these times he confessed to taking the clock, and taking the breeches, and that he had pawned them, and sold the duplicate to Bramble.
Q. Was there any promise or threat made use of? - There was none, it was his own free confession.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Lord KENYON.
