





237. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLEWER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of April
 last, a blue cloth coat value 12 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Meletrior 
                        Middleditch
                     



                  , and one velveret waistcoat value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Willins
               



            .
MELETRIOR MIDDLEDITCH sworn.
I live in Bond-street


; I lost a man's cloth coat from my lodgings on Monday the 9th of April at six o'clock in the evening.


                  JOHN
                   WILLINS
               



             sworn.
I lodge in the same room with Middleditch, his coat and my waistcoat are the only things that are found; my waistcoat was lost at the time; they were all safe at six o'clock.


                  THOMAS
                   CHIFFINGS
               



             sworn.
I produce a velveret waistcoat; I had it from the prisoner the 9th of April; I gave him a duplicate.


                  JOSEPH
                   BURROWS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to a pawnbroker; I produce the coat; I received it of the prisoner on Monday the 9th of May.


                  RICHARD
                   LOVELL
               



             sworn.
I am an officer of Litchfield-street; I searched the prisoner, and took two duplicates from the prisoner; they are the duplicates of the clothes produced.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had a brother going to the country, and I wanted some clothes to send my brother into the country; I met a Jew in Oxford-street, and he had these things hanging upon his arm; and I agreed for 14 s. 6 d. but I had not money enough, so I pawned the coat to raise the rest of the money.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ASHURST.




[Transportation. See summary.]


