





261. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FREEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Stubbs
                        




                     
                   about the hour of seven in the night, on the first of March
, and burglariously stealing therein, four fancy rings, set in gold, value 1l. 10s. and three fancy lockits, set in gold, value 3l. the goods of the said 
                     
                        John 
                        Stubbs
                     



.



                  JOHN
                   BROKES
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 59, Red Lyon-street, Holborn


, I am a calender and calico glazier,
 it was not my property that was lost, it is Mr. John Stubbs's property, I am the person that saw the transaction. I was going to a customer of mine in Lincoln's Inn-fields, on the first of march, about seven o'clock in the evening, in crossing of Holborn I observed the prisoner standing in a leaning posture over the shew glass of Mr. Stubbs, his shop is at the corner of Turn stile, I saw him in that posture which called my attention, and coming up to him and looking over his right shoulder, standing rather behind him, I observed his hand in the shew glass at the time, attempting to get a locket out, at that time the glass was broke.
Q. Had you seen him break the glass? - I see him break it further, he could not get it out with the hole that was then in it, and I saw him take out his hand and push in a bit more glass with his thumb, the hole being made bigger by pushing a bit more in, I see him take out a locket with a ticket to it, and a piece of cotton hanging to it, which he attempted to shake from it, and finding he could not shake the cotton off, he then made an attempt to put it in his pocket, or the folds of his apron, I cannot positively say which, he could not come at the place where he meant to put it, being in a leaning posture, he went to get up and he touched my shoulder with his, and he looked about and see me, and that alarmed him, and he turned towards me with an intent to go off, I laid hold of him directly by the collar before he got one step from the place, and a struggle ensued, he struggled very much, and in the struggle he kicked my leg, which I had a bad leg for several days, I says, you villain you have robbed the shop, he denied it, but still I kept hold of him, and called for assistance, and Mr. Stubbs's lad in the shop came out.
Q. Is he here? - Yes, we took him into the shop; and says I, it is very proper now to search him, we searched him and did not find the locket on him, that I see him take out; I says to the young lad in the shop, you go out immediately, for you will find the locket on the ground; he went out, and returned immediately with the locket in his hand; and then from that we searched him further, and we found a knife on him, and some duplicates, and that was all the property we found about him.
Q. You see nothing of any rings taken by him? - None at all.
Q. Nor only one locket? - Only one.
Q. This shew glass is on the outside of the house? - Yes, it is, it pushes out without the window.
Q. What time did it take him up doing this? - It might be the space of half a minute, it was done very shortly.


                  JOHN
                   VINY
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Stubbs. On the 1st of March, I had been up stairs, I had been out of the shop about twenty minutes, Mr. Stubbs was in the back parlour, I came down stairs and was called out of doors, a person called and said, a man had been breaking the windows and taking out some things; I turned round and saw Mr. Brooks had hold of a man(who was struggling to get away) he begged me to come to his assistance, which I did, and brought the prisoner into the shop; Mr. Brooks said, he had the things in his pocket or apron; we searched in his belt and in his pocket, and nothing was there; Mr. Brooks said, then he has dropped them, for I saw him take out a locket; I took a candle and looked where the scuffle had been, and I found the locket and a paper, which belonged to one of the rings, but there was no ring to it; I observed the shew glass broke when I came out of the door, I know what was in the glass, there were a variety of articles in it; I missed four rings and three lockets, including one that I found, I did not find any more than that one locket, and the rings were on separate papers, and the lockets like wife.
Q. How lately had you seen all the lockets and the rings? - I had seen them several times that day.
Q. You had not sold any of those articles that day? - No, I had not. The prisoner was secured and taken to Bow-street; this is the locket that I picked up.
Q. Do you know it to be Mr. Stubbs's? - It was sewed on the card as it is now, and there is the shop mark, and it is my own writing; there is also the paper on which the rings were put, it is my own writing likewise, I marked them all myself.
Prisoner. I was coming down in Oxford-road, going past this shop on Saturday night very late, I was looking into the shew glass as many other people were, and this gentleman came and laid hold of me, and said I had robbed the window; and since, this Mr. Stubbs has sent me word that this man has got so linked in with the officers, at Bow-street, that he would prosecute me for the sake of the reward.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of the burglary, nor in the dwelling house
            .(Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven Years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Baron THOMPSON.
