






391. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     MASHALL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  RYAN
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of July
 last, apiece of printed cotton, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Gibson
                        




                     
                  , privately from his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   PROBERT PRICE
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Gibson, No. 35, in Oxford Road


, a linen draper
; I was in the shop, about five in the evening of the 9th of July, alone, when the two prisoners came in, between five and six in the evening; I am certain to them; I never saw them before; Marshall had bought a gown before, and left some money on it; and she came to take it away; and she said, she had lost a gown of Ryan's, and she must buy another; they then asked to look at some more prints, and I took down a great many; they were very difficult; I watched them; and at last they asked for six yards of one of the prints, which I cut, and it came to 15 s. and they had only 18 d. to pay in part; then they asked me to look at some very elegant muslins; which I thought odd, as they had no money; I shewed her one, and asked her 34 s. she offered me a guinea; I rolled up the muslins and put them away; they went out of the shop, and were gone about one hundred and twenty yards; I followed them, and desired them to come back, which they did; and coming back I found the piece of linen under Marshall's foot; they were going, I detained them; there was no customer in the shop when they came in or when they went out.
(Deposed to by the private mark.)


                  BENJAMIN
                   CLEMENT
               



             sworn.
I was not the way when the prisoners came in (coroborates the last witness.)


                  DANIEL
                   DANCEY
               



             sworn.
(Deposed to the cotton.)
Prisoner Marshall. I had nothing upon me.
Prisoner Ryan. She asked me to go with her; I know nothing at all about it
The prisoners Marshall and Ryan called each three witnesses, who gave them good characters.


                  MARGARET
                   MARSHALL
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .


                  MARY
                   RYAN
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


