





594. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     PERRES
                  , otherwise 
FERRES





             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of September
, one pair of stays, value 5s. a cotton gown, value 4s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Roberts
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Roberts
               



            ; I lost a pair of stays, and a gown, and a hat; I lost them on the 12th of September last, from my bed-room, up two pair of stairs; I hardly left them an hour before I missed them.
Q. Did you ever get them again? - No.
Q. Do you know who took them? - I have every reason to believe that the prisoner at the bar took them, because I had no other person in the house besides my own family.
Q. What does your family consist of? - Four children and my husband.
Q. Did the prisoner lodge with you? - She had not slept in the house, but she took a lodging at the house the day before.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you ever seen her sister? - I have; I have left this in the custody of an officer, while I went to my house, and when I came back, the sister was drest in the same clothes, and the prisoner was undress; the officer asked me which is your prisoner now; I put my finger on the prisoner; now you are right, the officer said, that is the same; so I pitched on the prisoner, for all she was undrest.
Q. Had you ever seen her sister before? - Never.
Q. Now look at her, Mrs. Roberts? - This is the person that took my lodging, she had been a twelve month before to take my lodgings.
Q. You have heard both her sister and her speak? - I have.


                  Q. 
               


            Is there a strong likeness between them in the countenance? - Yes, there is, but not in the voice-besides this one offered to take me to the place where the things was, if I would let her go.
Q. Is her sister about her size? - Much about in height, but a good deal lustier, and fatter in the face. I have very great reason to think that she knows of my things; it was she and not her sister that came to me.
Court to Mr. Kirby. You have seen the sister, does she correspond in height and size to this woman?
Mr. Kirby. if any thing, my opinion is that this is the lustier of the two.
Mr. Kirby's man. Of the two the sister is lustier than this.
Court to Kirby. I ask you about the voice, are the voices alike? - I cannot say to that.
Prisoner. I can say that I never see the person in my life till she swore to me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
