









                  HUGH 
                  MURPHY
               




            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MORRIS
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COX
                  



               
            , were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of July

, two pint glass decanters, value 3s. four wine glasses, value 2s. a glass ink-stand, value 12d. a glass smelling-bottle, value 12d. a pair of cut glass salts, value 2s. two other pint decanters, value 3s. seven glass golbets, value 5s. twenty-five wine glasses, value 12s. 6d. seven other pint glass decanters, value 10s. 6d. two glass goblets, value 12d. two glass tumblers, value 8d. and four other wine glasses, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hancock
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Shepherd
                  



               
            ; and Thomas Morris, and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Cox
               



            , for 


               feloniously receiving part of the same goods knowing them to have been stolen
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  SAMUEL
                   SHEPHERD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I keep a glass-shop

 in Cockspur-street



, in partnership with Ann Hancock: The prisoner Murphy had lived with us as a porter
; the prisoner Morris kept an old iron-shop
; in consequence of some information, I took out a warrant against Murphy on the 25th or 26th of July, Dowsett and Carpmeal took him into custody; I made no charge against him till he was going to the watch-house; I told him I believed he had been robbing us ever since he had been with us, and he made no answer; the warrant was served upon him in our house; I was at the watch-house when he was searched, I found a pair of cut glass salts about him.
Q. Did he then say any thing? - A. No, he did not.


                  THOMAS
                   DOWSETT
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I apprehended the prisoner, Murphy, in his master's shop, in Cockspur-street, and took him to the watch-house.
Q. Did he say any thing to you while you were with him? - A. Nothing; I searched him, and found a pair of cut glass salts; they have been kept in Carpmeal's house under my seal, which I have now broke; I afterwards went to the prisoner Morris's house, in Leicester-street, Warwick-street, No. 2, the prisoner Murphy occupied the two pair of stairs front room, Morris keeps an old iron-shop; I found at Murphy's lodgings two pint decanters, four wine glasses, a smelling-bottle, and an ink-stand, (produces them); I had a warrant to search Morris's premises, he was out at the time, and I waited for his coming home, it might he about three o'clock on the same day; Morris told me I was welcome to search wherever I pleased; I searched, and in Morris's house I found twenty-five wine glasses, seven glass goblets, and two pint decanters, that is all that I brought from there; I took them to Bow-street with Morris; I apprehended Cox the same afternoon, he keeps a cheesemonger's-shop, and a coal-shed, and sells glasses and earthen-ware
, in Old Round-court; he said he had no objection to have his house searched, he had no stolen goods that he knew of; they had been exposed to sale at the door during the day, and part of Morris's the same.
Mr. Knowlys. I cannot carry it further as to Cox, certainly.
The Jury immediately found a verdict as to Cox, of 

               NOT GUILTY
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   SHEPHERD
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am nephew to the prosecutor: I went to Murphy's lodgings with the officers, and picked the articles out myself.
Q. Had you sufficient knowledge of them to be sure they are the prosecutor's? - A.Quite so.
Q. Did you accompany Dowsen in the search at Morris's house? - A. Yes, Murphy lodged there; I saw Dowsett find these articles, that he has produced, in Morris's shop; I picked them out from, I believe, nine or ten dozen; I know them to be Mrs. Hancock's and Mr. Shepherd's.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. There were nine dozen of glasses exposed in the shop for sale? - A. Part of them out at the shop window.
Q. How many servants may you have in your matter's shop? - A. In all, there may be about fourteen or sixteen, or more.
Q. I suppose, the clerk is seldom out of the shop, but is there to give directions where the goods are to go? - A. Yes.
Q.Was it possible for the prisoner, or any other man, to have taken all these goods out at the same time? - A. It is impossible.
Q. Have you a vast quantity of other glasses of the same pattern? - A. Yes.
Q.And have sold a great number? - A. Yes. Mr. Knowlys. Q.Was the prisoner, Morris, a customer of your master's? - A. I never saw him before in my life, to my knowledge.


                  ELIZABETH
                   STONE
               



             sworn. - I lodge at Mr. Morris's house, Murphy lodged in the front room of the second floor.

Q. Do you know whether Morris was acquainted with his situation in life, and where he worked? - A. No, I do not.
Q. Did you ever hear any thing pass between Mr. Morris and Murphy? - A. No.
Murphy's defence. I used to be cleaning and dusting up stairs, and when I was called away in a hurry, I frequently put the things in my pocket that I was dusting, and put them in their place again when I went up.
Murphy 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 38.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Morris, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Lord ELDON.
