





319. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     GILES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of February
, a silk cloak, value 10 s. a woman's cotton gown, value 6 s. a muslin apron, value 2 s. a white linen apron, value 2 s. a check linen apron, value 1 s. two womens muslin caps, value 2 s. two linen caps, value 6 d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 1 s. a pair of womens leather shoes, value 1 s. and a man's linen shirt, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hughes
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I live in Cartwright-street, No. 39, Rosemary-lane


; I was at work at the time this robbery happened; I came home and I saw the property before the the justice, and I missed the property at home on the 22d of February last.


                  MARY
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of the last witness. On the 22d of February, I only went to the next door for some potatoes for my husband's dinner, I don't think I was gone ten minutes, I came to my door and I found my door open, and this woman running out of it; I had left my door locked with the key in it at the outside; I had the middle room in the house; when I came she ran up two, three or four stairs to the garret, I cannot exactly say which; I asked her who she wanted? or what business she had in my room? or whether she wanted the woman that lived up stairs? she said, she did want the woman that lived up stairs, and I directly called the woman, she said the woman was not at home, as soon as I called she came and opened the door; the prisoner directly ran away, and I finding my door open I ran after her, she went into a court and up some strange stairs, and I apprehended her myself; she had with her one cotton gown, one black silk cloak, &c. as in the indictment; the things are here. (Produced and deposed to.) I took her back to the place where she took them from, and then I took them from her; I did not know the woman before.



                  HENRY
                   HARRIS
               



             sworn.
I am a dealer in old clothes. On the 22d of February, I came to Rosemary-lane, and I saw a mob standing there, and I took the goods from off the ground and some pick-lock keys out of her pockets.
The prisoner called one witness who gave her a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Lord KENYON.
