






205. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WOLFE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     STONE
                  



               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of September

, a cloth waitstcoat, value 18s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Taylor
                        



                     
                  , a cloth coat, value 30s. and a bank note, value 20l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Ainsworth
                  



               
            ; and the other for 


               receiving, on the 16th of September, part of the above goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I live with Lord Lauderdale
, in Leicester-square



; On Thursday the 10th of September, about nine or ten o'clock, I went to the stables, at the back of the house, in Castle-street; I found the stable-door locked, and the passage door open, that has a communication to the stable; I went into the stable; I then went to the house, and came back again to thestable, and missed my waistcoat; I had left it the night before hanging up on one of the books in the stable, that we usually clean the bridles on; I saw the key in the morning lie upon the cell of the window, which I left in the waistcoat pocket; I went up stairs and found the groom's box broke open, his name is 
               
                  Richard
                   Ainsworth
               



            ; the footman was with me at the time, we saw in the box, a two brown coats, a blue coat, and a hat, we wrote to the groom, who was in the Isle of Wight with my Lord.
Q. Did he leave the box open? - A. Not to my knowledge.
Q. Did you ever see the waistcoat afterwards? - A. I saw it at Bow-street.


                  RICHARD
                   AINSWORTH
               



             sworn.
I am groom
 to Lord Lauderdale; I went to the Isle of Wight with his Lordship, the 3d of August; I left in my box a blue coat, and two brown coats, a 20l. note and a hat; I left the note in a little book in the box; I am not sure it was a Bank of England note; I had it of Mr. Beaumont, my Lord's Steward; I have never seen either of the brown coats, or the note, since the blue coat was left in.


                  JONATHAN
                   BAKER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawn-broker; I produce a coat and waistcoat; the woman brought the coat, and the lad brought the waistcoat.
Q. What colour is the coat? - A. Blue.
Q. When was that? - A. The coat on the 16th of September, and the waistcoat on the 11th; I have known the woman four or five years.


                  THOMAS
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I apprehended Mary Stone on the 15th of January, at the Portland-arms, Portland-street; and coming along, she acknowledged she had the 20l. note of the prisoner Wolfe; she said, she changed it; she gave him 6l. odd out of it, and kept the rest herself; she said, Wolfe found it in Oxford-road; I asked her if she had pawned any cloaths for Wolfe, she said, she had pawned a coat in Berwick-street, and another in Oxford-road; she said, the pawned the coat in Berwick-street for a guinea, and gave him 12s. out of it; she said, she had lost the duplicate; I went with her to the shop, and they produced it.
Q.(To Taylor). Do you know any thing of this boy? - A. Yes; I knew him through his brother, who is a very honest fellow; I got him a place in a public-house, he behaved so bad he was turned away; the groom was so good as to take and keep him; sometimes he was in the stable with him.
Q.(To Taylor). Look at this waistcoat? - A. It is mine.
Wolfe. I have nothing to say.
Wolfe. 


               GUILTY, Of stealing the waistcoat, value 18d
            . (Aged 13.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Stone, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
