





482. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     HYNES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May
, a cotton counterpane, value 1 s. two woollen blankets, value 2 s. a linen sheet, value 2 s. a cotton gown, value 5 s. a linen check apron, value 1 s. a muslin cap, value 1 s. a child's muslin cap, value 6 d. two cotton frocks, value 1 s. 6 d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 1 s. 6 d. a canvas towel, value 2 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Townsend
                  




               
            .
- TOWNSEND sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry
                   Townsend
               



            ; I lost the things in the indictment; the prisoner was my servant
 at the time I lost my property; I lost a cotton gown I lost two blankets off from her own bed, and one sheet, some were found and some not, my gown she had on when I catched her; I first missed the property the 25th of May; on Saturday she left the house before we were up in the morning and left my door open,I saw her again on Sunday, it was a cotton gown she had on.


                  MARTHA
                   TINKLER
               



             sworn.
I lodge at Mrs. Townsend's. On Sunday morning we went to take a walk in the park, Mrs. Townsend and I, and I see the servant girl, I was a little before Mrs. Townsend, and I said, here she is, she has got your gown on her back.
Q. Did you ever see Mrs. Townsend wear that gown? - Yes.
Q. Did you stop the girl when you found her in the park? - Yes, I did, and we asked her some questions, she insisted upon not going home with her mistress; she did not answer what her mistress asked her, and we got a constable, she had taken the things to Islington, and some she had sold; she said she sold the sheet and blanket for five shillings; she did not tell me the name of the place only Islington at a clothes shop; the other things she had left at a public house in Islington, she could not tell the sign, but she could shew the place, the person that she said where they were was her mother, and she said it was not her mother, she said that she was a friendless girl, and had been out of the country only a fortnight and had no friend at all.


                  WILLIAM
                   GREEN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. This blanket and this sheet I got from 
               
                  Sarah
                   Mills
               



             on Monday, I went to Islington for, and fetched them from there by Alderman Boydell's orders; I produce also another small blanket, two linen check aprons, two coarse aprons, a linen sheet, two muslin caps, one cotton frock, a pair of cotton stockings, a canvas towel, a cotton counterpane, and a cotton gown; I got them from the Red Lion Islington, they were left there by the prisoner, I took this gown off her back, she had it on, on Sunday morning when she was taken.
Prisoner. My mistress sent me to Islington to sell them things.


                  SARAH
                   MILLS
               



             sworn.
I keep a clothes shop in Islington; I know the prisoner, this is she got the things off, one sheet and one blanket, the sheet is burnt with an iron. (The things deposed to.)
Court to Prosecutor. Did you ever give this girl any authority to carry these things to Islington? - No. I had no character with her, I took her from the office in Snow-hill.
Prisoner. My mistress sent me to Islington to sell them things one Saturday night, by that I went and sold them.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
