





199. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ARCHER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloloniously receiving, on the 10th of January
, forty-two pounds weight of tallow, of which 
                     
                        James
                         Ritchie
                     



                   was convicted of stealing, knowing it to be stolen
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  JOHN
                   BIGGIN
               



             sworn. - I am mate of the ship Commerce, it was laden with tallow and linseed, Robert Meldrum is the owner; he lost a bag of tallow on the 10th of January; Lumsdale and Ritchie were apprentices, and part of the crew; they went on shore on the evening of the 10th of January, Ritchie came back, but Lumsdale did not.


                  JOHN
                   LUMSDALE
               



             sworn. - I was a sailor-boy on board the ship Commerce, captain Meldrum.
Mr. Jackson. Q. Do you know of any tallow being stolen on the 10th, the evening you were taken up? - A. Yes; James Ritchie and Joseph Penny got it out of the hold, I assisted in getting it out of the half-deck; the tallow was contained in a bag; I and Ritchie conveyed it on shore; the ship laid at King James's-stairs, Shadwell.
Q. Where did you row to? - A. To King James's-stairs.
Q. What became of this bag of tallow? - A.Ritchie gave it me out of the boat, and I went towards Mr. Archer's; I knew the house.

Q. Whereabouts was the weight of it? - A.It was about forty pounds.
Q. Tell us all that passed? - A.His house is about 30 or 40 yards from the stairs; I went towards Mr. Archer's, and I was stopped in Star-street by Melkin, he asked me what I had got; I then went into Mr. Archer's shop and put it behind the half-door, there was only a girl in the shop; Mr. Melkin came in, and asked what was in the bag, and he dragged it from behind the door; the little girl stamped with her foot when I came in, and Mr. Archer came up, then words passed between Mr. Archer and Melkin, but I don't know what they were; the bag of tallow was thrown into the cellar; I saw Mr. Archer put something into Melkin's hand, I did not know what; then the bag was thrown down the cellar; I went down the cellar; and some tallow had fallen out, Mr. Archer and a young man picked it up, and I helped them; they put it into a thing like a frying-pan, and before it was all taken up, Mr. Melkin came down and took a sample of it, and told me to go into the street, and then he took me to the Justice's office.
Q. Did Archer know you? - A. Yes.
Q. Were you in the same dress that you are now? A. Yes; only I had a black handkerchief on; I am 16 years of age; I should know the bag again if I was to see it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Are you sure that Melkin did not tell you to throw the bag down? - A. He did not tell me.
Q. Are you sure that Archer said so, or was it Melkin? - A. I don't know.
Q. I think you said at the Justice's, that Melkin told Archer to throw it down? - A. I don't recollect, I think I did say so.
Court. Q. What do you think now? - A. I think it was Mr. Melkin desired Archer to throw it down.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You stated to the Jury just now, that some of the tallow sell out? - A. Yes, some of it.
Q. Did not you say before the Justice that all fell out? - A. I never said all of it fell out of the bag.
Q. Did you say before the Justice it was put into a frying-pan, or any thing of that sort? - A. I said Mr. Archer was picking it up, they did not ask what it was put in.
Q. The bag was torn? - A. Yes, in several places.
Q. The bag was so broken that it could not be put into the bag again with security? - A. I don't know that, I did not put it into any thing.
Q. How long have you been aboard ship? - A.Two years.
Q. Do you know, on board of ship, such a thing as I am going to describe to you-did you ever hear of sweepings, whether there is not a good deal of tallow swept up, which is thought the perquisite of the crew? - A. I have heard of a thing called sweepings.
Q. Was this tallow dirty or clean tallow? - A. It was not very clean, nor yet very dirty.
Q. You are admitted an evidence on the part of the Crown, and you have been in custody ever since? - A. Yes.


                  ELIJAH
                   MELKIN
               



             sworn. - I am a serjeant belonging to the Tower Hamlets: On the 10th of January, in the evening, I was in Star-street, I saw a person coming with a bag, and I asked him what he had got; he said, what is that to you; he said, he had got some tallow; he went into Mr. Archer's, and threw the tallow down, I went in and seized Lumsdale with one hand, and the tallow with the other; Mr. Archer came up and desired I would let the boy go away, for he might be sent on board a man of war, and drop the tallow down, and he would give me half-a-crown.
Court. Q. If you would let go the tallow and drop it down, he would give you half-a-crown? - A. He nodded towards the cellar, I received the half-crown, and I dropped it down; I afterwards went down and took a sample of the tallow from the bag, and brought the boy along with me to the Magistrate.
Q. Did Mr. Archer bear where you were going? - A. I don't know; I told the boy I was going to take him before a Magistrate.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. I believe you went afterwards with a Police officer to Archer's? - A. Yes; when I went back to Mr. Archer's, the officer went in and said he was come for the bag of tallow, and Mr. Archer said it was down below; he went down below, and the tallow was lying under the drip-board, the bag was lying without the tallow in it.
Court. Q. What did Archer say? - A. Mr. Archer said he would go down with him; I went down with them, and we found the bag as I stated before; Mr. Archer took the tallow from under the drip-board, he pointed to it himself, it was in a tub or cask; the officer said he must have the tallow, and Mr. Archer put the tallow into the bag out of the tub; the officer then said, he wanted the other tallow that was brought before; Archer said, what was left of it was lying under the drip-board; a sheet of paper was procured, and Mr. Archer put it into it; we took the tallow to a Magistrate.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You and the officer went to Archer's house? - A. Yes.
Q. Mr. Archer shewed you the tallow without any difficulty? - A. Yes.

Q. Now you have told us to-day, that Mr. Archer said, if you will let the boy go, and drop the bag down, he would give you half-a-crown? - A. Yes.
Q. You have always said that, that Mr. Archer offered you the half-crown for dropping the bag down, and letting the boy go? - A. Yes.
Q. Did not you say at the office that Mr. Archer said he would give you half-a-crown to let the boy go for fear he should be sent on board a man of war? - A.- He said, drop it down, and let the boy go, and I will give you half-a-crown.
Q. You are quite positive, upon your examination at the office, you then said what you do now? - A. I said that Mr. Archer offered to give me half-a-crown to drop the bag down, and let the boy go.
Q. Did you say at the office at all, that the dropping the bag down was to be the consideration for which he offered you half-a-crown? - A. I did understand it so.
Q. Pray what way of life may you be in? - A. I have been in different lines; I come out of Staffordshire, and I have been in Northamptoushire.
Q. Have you ever had the misfortune to get into a gaol? - A. Yes.
Q.How many times? - A. Never but twice.
Q. What was the charge against you? - A. I was out a shooting, and a lamb's-skin was found.
Q. Was it for a highway robbery, or sheep-stealing? - A. I was not tried for any.
Q. What was the other prison you got into? - A. That was for an assault, New-Prison.
Q. Don't you know that Mr. Archer accused you of stealing his bag-have you never said to any body that you would be revenged of Mr. Archer? - A.Not to my knowledge.
Q. Have you - yes, or no? - A. No.
Q.Positively have you, or have you not said you would be revenged of Mr. Archer? - A. No, I never did.
Q. Do you know a person of the name of M'Carthy-did you not say to him you would be revenged of Mr. Archer? - A. I never did.


                  ROBERT
                   BROWN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Shadwell-office: I went to the house of Mr. Archer, in consequence of an information by Mr. Melkin; I went with Mr. Melkin and the boy Lumsdale, to Mr. Archer's shop; the girl was in the shop, and she called him out of the cellar; I said to Mr. Archer, I am come for the bag of tallow that was brought by this boy; he asked me what was the matter; Mr. Archer seemed to turn himself round, and under the drip-board he picked up the bag; says I, Mr. Archer, I must have the tallow as well as the bag.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. The bag was empty? - A. Yes; says he, here is the tallow in this cask or tub, and he assisted me in shooting the tallow into the bag; now says I, Mr. Archer, you must go with me to the office; he said, I wish you would let me wash and clean myself before I go; I told him he must go with me, he begged I would not take him with me, but leave him behind; I told him there was a felony committed, and therefore I could not leave him; Mr. M'Carthy came to the door, and several other people, and said he would pass his word for him, he is a publican, and keeps a public-house on the other side of the way.
Court. Q. What time was this? - A. This was about eight o'clock, it might be a quarter after; I brought him to the office, and the boy went under an examination, and likewise him, and he was committed.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. After he was committed what passed? - A.After he was committed, he went over to the public-house with me; he begged to go to his house again, for he had some particular business to settle; after some time, I granted the favour; I carried Lumsdale, Melkin, and Cook, with us.
Court. Q. Did he say any thing more? - A. He said he thought they would come after the tallow again. (The bag produced.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You have been in this office some time? - A. About two years and six months.
Q. Archer lives in your neighbourhood, he knew you? - A. I don't think he knew me.
Q. Upon your oath, did he believe you to be an officer at the time you came with Lumsdale and Melkin. - A. I dare say he did; he asked me what was the matter; I told him we had come for the tallow, he turned himself round, and gave it us.
Q. Upon your oath, did he not give you as a reason that the bag was so holely that he was obliged to put it into something else? - A. I cannot swear he said that.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Is the bag in the same state in which it was at Archer's? - A. No, I cannot say it is, here is a skewer in it, the string had slipped off.
Mr. Knowlys. Q.(To Lumsdale.) Is that the bag you took to Archer's? - A. Yes, I think it is.
Capt. 
               
                  ROBERT
                   MELDRUM
               



             sworn. - I am captain of the ship Commerce; I had tallow in my cargo.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Look at that tallow, and see if that is the same she was laden with? - A. It is the same sort that she was loaded with.
Q.Had you any thing else? - A.Linseed; it is spotted with linseed.
Court. Q. What is that tallow worth? - A. It ought to be worth forty-six shillings.

Q.(To Brown.) What quantity is there? - A.Thirty-nine pounds.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. What quantity was brought from Archer's? - A.Forty-two pounds and a half.
Q.(To Capt. Meldrum.) You say you had linseed on board? - A. Yes, three hundred bags.
Q. How much tallow? - A.Three hundred and fifty-nine bags.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. I suppose you will not swear to the identity of tallow? - A. I cannot swear to tallow.
Q. There are a great number of persons employed about the vessel when unloading? - A. How so, there are only the people that they call lumpers.
Q. Do you know of any custom on board of ships, such as sweeping up the loose tallow, which is called sweepings? - A. I do not.
Court. Q. Do you remember this bag of tallow being on board your ship? - A. I remember a bag like this.
Q. When was it filled? - A. When the ship was laden.
Prisoner's defence. I am as innocent of this as a child unborn, I had nothing to do with the tallow, I never ordered it to be thrown down; I leave it to my Counsel.
The prisoner called thirty-seven witnesses to his character, who had known him from ten to twenty years, and they all gave him an extraordinary good character; there were as many more witnesses attending, who were not examined.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
