





52. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LAMBE
                  



               
             was indicted or 


               stealing, on the 2d of January
, 300 lb. weight of lead, value 54 s. belonging to the Right Hon. 
                     
                        
                           Frederick Augustus 
                           Berkley
                        




                     
                  , Earl
 of Berkley, and affixed to a certain building of his
            , against the statute.


                  MARY
                   ELLIS
               



             sworn.
I was left in Lord Berkley's house, in Grafton-street


, to take care of it; it was three doors from the corner house: on Monday, the 2d of January, I saw some of the lead had been cut off, and taken away; it was a flat roof; I gave no alarm; I never saw any person on the lead till the Monday evening, between five and six, I saw three men on the same leads; I called out, stop thief! I could not distinguish any of the men.
Court. How high was the leads from the ground? - I cannot say.


                  WILLIAM
                   TODD
               



             sworn.
I am a groom to Mr. Amyand; I was coming along Grafton-street on Monday evening, about six o'clock; Mr. Dugar was before me; and I saw a person jump from the wall and run across the way, and Mr. Scott's servant and me secured him; he was the same man that jumped from the wall, he never was out of my sight; that is the prisoner; he had on a smock frock; he appeared to be very much in liquor; he went very quietly till a man of the name of Evans was taken; then he appeared to be very obstinate, and refused to go along; he laid himself down on the pavement; the patrol took a knife from him, which is here; he denied being on the wall.
(The knife shewn to the Jury.)


                  WILLIAM
                   DUGAR
               



             sworn.
I am a servant; I heard the alarm given; I ran out, and I saw the prisoner jump from the wall; I am certain to his person; the wall was about seven feet; I had hold of a short smock frock he had on; he got away, and was taken by the other persons; he never was out of my sight; he appeared to me not to be in liquor, but to sham to be so.


                  WILLIAM
                   BLOCK
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Scott; I found this lead on the top of the wall of my Lord Berkley's premises; next to that wall is this wall, which is a dead garden; the two walls join together; that from whence the prisoner jumped is the highest by two foot.


                  JOHN
                   CREW
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Crew, the plumber; I have examined this piece of lead; it corresponds; it is part of my Lord's.
(The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


