





164. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LYNCH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of nine at night, on the 12th day of March
, and stealing a pair of sheets, value 10 s. three linen shirts, value 10 s. and a pair of corderoy breeches, value 5 s. his property
            .


                  DAVID
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 3, White Bear-court, Aldersgate, High-street


; my house was broke open on the 12th of March, I was not at home.
ISABELLA SMITH sworn.
I am wife to the last witness, I do not know the day of the month, it was five weeks last Saturday, as near as I can tell; I locked the door when I went out at seven, and left nobody in the house, I had fastened my own room; we have the whole house, but keep but one room, and let out the rest, we keep the kitchen only, the other part of the house is let to different lodgers; my own room was locked, the rest of the house was open, I took the key of my room with me, the outer door is left open; I returned in about fifteen minutes, the door was forced open, the ward of the lock gave way, and was burst open; when I got in I missed a pair of sheets; three linen shirts, and a pair of corderoy breeches, which was not missed till found upon her; they were in the room; I went immediately to Mr.Wincey's in the Minories, he is a pawnbroker, there I found the shirts, the breeches, and in Whitechapel I found the sheets; the shop belongs to Mr. Wincey. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.) The sheets are stained with green paint.


                  HENRY
                   BATT
               



             sworn.
I am servant of Mr. Wincey in Whitechapel, I believe these sheets to be the same the prisoner brought to our shop the 12th of March, they were stained with green paint, I do not know that I ever saw her before, but I am quite certain she is the woman.


                  JOHN
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, the prisoner at the bar offered to pawn with me a shirt and pair of breeches about eight o'clock, and I stopped her, and charged the constable with her.
The CONSTABLE sworn.
I was sent for to Mr. Wincey to take charge of the prisoner, and received three shirts and a pair of breeches; she only produced at first one shirt and a pair of breeches, the other two she had in her apron.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Sir, I was at work at a cheesemonger's in Whitechapel, I go out charing and washing at Mr. Price's, and a woman gave me the things; the woman run away from her house, and I know not where to find her.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing, but not of the burglary.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
