






138. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ISAACS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HOWARD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of January
, seven pounds weight of mutton, value 3 s. three pounds weight of spare-rib of pork, value 18 d. and six pounds weight of chine of pork, value 3 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah Sophia 
                     Walter
                  




               
            , Spinster
.
(The case opened by Mr Knowlys.)


                  SARAH
                   SOPHIA WALTER
               



             sworn.
I am a single lady, I live in Upper Norman-street


, I keep a house, I am not the first person who saw the loss; I saw the meat in the safe on Saturday night.


                  SARAH
                   BATTSON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mrs. Walter, No. 47, Upper Norman-street, I was the person who put it into the safe the last thing the night before; I hung up a leg of mutton at eleven o'clock on the night (being Saturday night) preceding the loss, and a spare-rib of pork, and a part of a chine of pork; on Sunday morning I missed them while I was unfastening the stair-case window, about eight o'clock in the morning; I immediately went into the yard, and saw the safe door open, and that it was stript of all its contents; perceiving this, I went up stairs and told my mistress.
Did you see the prisoners afterwards? - Not at all till they were taken, and I saw them at the Justice's; I heard they were taken on Sunday, but did not go to the office till Tuesday, as they were not examined before.
Court. Where was the safe placed? - In the yard.

Before or behind the house? - Behind the house.
How can persons get to that yard? - They get over the wall.
What does it communicate to? - It goes over to the rest of the yards, and communicates to Hopcraft's Garden, and is a pretty large yard.


                  JOHN
                   LAMBY
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; on the morning of the 16th of January, I was at the corner of Berwick-court, Nassau-street, a great way from Norman-street, between two and three that morning, I saw the prisoners pass by, one (Howard) having a piece of meat under his right arm.
Were they both together? - They were both together, and came in company together down the street; I stopt in the middle of the street, and put my stick before them, and asked them what they had got there; they said nothing but a piece of meat; with that I passed, and let them pass; with that another man (Lovett) followed them up to where they lodged, and sent up for me to bring a light; in consequence of which we entered the premises, and found all the property in the premises; we found two legs of mutton, and a spare rib of pork, and part of a chine; they told me that they bought it at Islington; of a man that had a cart. Lovett asked him why they bought so much; they said that when people have a little money to lay out, people have a right to lay it out to the best advantage; when going along, they said they found it on a dunghill near Hanover-square.
Do you know whether the other man, at the time you passed him, had any thing on him or no? - I cannot positively swear, Lovet can tell more than me.
Are you sure they are the two men? - I am, I knew them before.
Do you know whether one or both had bundles? - I cannot positively swear to Isaacs, because my principal object was to Howard; I am positively sure that Howard had one.
How soon was it afterwards you went to the lodgings? - In a very few minutes; I dare say the lodgings was not above fifty yards to where I stopped them: it is Howard's lodgings; whether the other lodged there, I cannot tell.


                  RICHARD
                   LOVETT
               



             sworn.
I am an officer at Mr. Read's office in Poland-street; I had an information, and saw these two men pass, and asked Howard what he had got there; he said meat for his Sunday's dinner; in about two minutes after, Isaacs came past, he had some meat in a bundle; I went down after them into a kitchen in Gay's-court, and took one Davis with me; in going down to the kitchen, I desired him to call the watch to me, who came, and we found part of the meat on the table, and part thrown into a large box.
How did you get the box unlocked? - I asked for the key, and Howard gave it me.
Prisoner. I unlocked the box myself.
(The meat produced and deposed to.)


                  SAMUEL
                   HYRONS
               



             sworn.
I saw the meat; I can swear to the pork.
Court to Lovett. Are you sure these two men were in company with each other, and that Isaacs had some meat in a bag? - I am sure, I followed them both, and never lost sight of them.
What time of night was it? - Between two and three.
PRISONER HOWARD's DEFENCE.
On Saturday night, after Isaacs and I were both paid, as we both work for one master, we went to buy a pair of shoes; going along, we saw something lay in the street; it was such a thing as they put butter in; I took it up, but them men never saw me, my Lord, any more than you do now; they never saw me any more than a child unborn.



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
