





213. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  BARTLETT
               



             was indicted for 


               that he, about the hour of one in the night, of the 22d of December
, into a certain garden ground, belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Weatherall
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
 unlawfully did enter, and seven young plants, called rosemary plants, value 7 s. belonging to him, there standing, growing, and being, without his consent, unlawfully, wilfully, and feloniously, did pluck up, dig up, take, and carry away, against the statute
            .
(The indictment opened by Mr. Coxe, and the case by Mr. Garrow.)


                  JAMES
                   HUDSON
               



             sworn.
I am the watchman employed by Mr. Weatherall. I know the prisoner. At nine o'clock in the evening I met this man, and one 
               
                  John
                   Goodrick
               



            , with a girl with them; the girl says, here is the watchman; damn the watchman, says the prisoner, if he speaks a word we will do him; I went ten after that; and at eleven I was standing at the watch-house door; and the two men and the girl were coming from the dancing school; so, says I, what you are come from the dancing school? yes, d - n your eyes, you b - r, says she, we are: I cried the hour of eleven and twelve; and at a quarter past twelve I heard somebody in the back lane; I put out my light, and came to Mr. Weatherall's door, very near the paling, up jumps Goodrick, with this rosemary, and the prisoner after him, both out of the garden; I knew them before: they had both rosemary under their arm, a good deal, an arm-full each; I followed them as close as possible; but when they came to the front I walked up sharply, and they made a bit of a run; and at the Cannonthey dropped them; that may be about ten or twelve houses from Mr. Weatherall's: I took up a bit, and found it the same as a bit I had picked up before, where I saw them come over the rails. They made off, and went up towards the town. I have known the prisoner seven years.
Look at him: are you sure he is the man that came over Mr. Weatherall's pales with the rosemary? - I am sure of it.
Are you sure he was the man that went to the Cannon with Goodrick, and dropped some more there? - I am positive of it.
Court. You had put out the light you know at this time? - Yes.
Was it a moon-light night? - Cloudy; very cloudy.
Any moon at all? - I do not think there was; none to be seen.
Then it must be pretty dark? - No, it was not over and above dark.
Why did not you call out? - Because the prisoner knocked me down twice last year in the back lane.
Was he punished for that? - No.
How came the man to assault you, and knock you down twice? - We had a bit of a tussle, and three or four more women and himself came and begged my pardon; and I forgave him.
Had you and he been very good friends at this time? - No variance. I did not see him during the week that he was not taken up; I waited to let my master know; I did not take him for this offence: he was in prison.


                  THOMAS
                   RYLEY
               



             sworn.
I am Mr. Weatherall's gardener. I know the prisoner. I was informed some rosemary was stolen out of the garden, on Tuesday, the day after it was taken away.
What did you miss? - Seven rosemary trees, pulled up, cut up, and destroyed: every thing was safe the morning before, I was in the ground: I valued them at one shilling a piece, that is seven shillings.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I am take a safe oath, with a safe conscience, that I never was in the garden at all.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
