







124. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BEDFORD
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HALL
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RICHMOND
                  



               
            , were again indicted, for 


               that they, on the 30th of December
, unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously did make an assault upon 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cook
                        




                     
                  , and in a violent manner demand his money, with intent to rob him
            .


                  JOHN
                   COOK
               



             sworn.
I am a labouring man
: I was going home on the 30th of December about nine o'clock at night; I was met on the Uxbridge road, just by St. George's-row


, beyond Kensington Gravel-pits, by three men; one of them caught hold of me by the coat, and they asked me for my money; I told them I had none for them, and one of them searched me; they did not find any about me; they held me very fast by the coat, while they searched me all over, and then they told me I might go and be damned, go home.
Q. Did you observe the men? - A. Yes.
Q. Was it moon-light? - A. No; but it was a light star-light night.
Q. Was it light enough for you to know their persons? - A. It was light enough for me to know the man that held me by the coat; that is him, Bedford.
Q. Are you sure of that? - A. Yes, I am very certain he had hold of me three minutes, close tome; I did not see any thing they had in their hands; they put their hands underneath their coats.
Q. You did not take notice of the other two? - A. The man that stands next to him, Hall, I know was one, because he laughed at me; the other I cannot justly say to him; he is very much like the man, but I cannot be positive.
Q. You are positive to those two men? - A. Yes.
Q. How soon after this did you see them again? - A. The Saturday following at Bow-street; I was robbed on the Wednesday.
Q. You are sure the men you saw on the Saturday, were the men who attacked you on the Wednesday? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN
                   BACON
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole; I apprehended the prisoners on the 1st of January.
- CREEDLAND sworn.
Q. Do you know any more than Bacon? - A. No; I was in company with him when he apprehended the three prisoners.
Bedford's defence. We were going down as far as Bayswater after a deserter belonging to our regiment: coming up the Park we saw this stick lying, and we cut the stick in two to stand in our own defence, for fear he should resist.
Hall's defence. We were going down to Bayswater to see for this man; his name is 
               
                  William
                   Atkins
               



            , belonging to the same company; we were going to see if we could take him; the serjeant was here till to-day to prove it.
Bedford, 

               GUILTY
            , (Aged 20.)
Hall, 

               GUILTY
            , (Aged 26.)
Richmond, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERGEANT.





[Transportation. See summary.]


