





492. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     EVANS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of October
 last, 100 lb. weight of lead, belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Mortimer
                        




                     
                  , and affixed to a barn of his
            , against the statute.


                  RICHARD
                   MORTIMER
               



             sworn.
I am a cow keeper
; I lost some lead from a gutter adjoining the dwelling, and the barn was adjoining to that, it was affixed to the barn, it is my barn but not my house, it was Mr. Ring's house.


                  JOHN
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to the prosecutor Mortimer; I saw the lead some days before; the 14th of October I went to the barn to bind a load of hay, the doors of the barn were broke open, and I observed about half the gutter was cut off and laid on the mow, none of it was taken away; while I was on the hay, I heard a rustling between the wall and the hay, and I saw the prisoner in the barn; I asked him what he did there, and he said he did not know; I got down from the mow immediately, and he broke a hole through the barn; the door was locked, but a plank was broke off it; he ran away; he was taken in Hampstead road; I saw the lead fitted.
- BATEMAN sworn.
I keep a publick house near this barn, when I came to the barn I saw the prisoner and a place broken; I followed and took the prisoner; about ten feet of the gutter was taken away, I immediately compared it and it exactly corresponded, and this knife was lying on the girder of the barn.
Prisoner. I came from Shropshire, and it rained, and I went to get a lodging.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.




[Transportation. See summary.]


