





608. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CASTELDINE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of October
, a silver remonstrance, gilded with gold, value 3l. two silver chalices, gilded with gold, value 3l. a silver chalice, value 10s. and a silver plate called a remonstrance, value 10s.
             the goods of the Rev.


                  John 
                  Douglas
               



            , 
               
                  Charles 
                  Earl of Shrewsbury




            , 
               
                  Robert 
                  Edward
               



Lord Peters
, &c.
Again indicted on a second COUNT, for feloniously and sacrilegiously stealing, the same goods and chattels, being in custody of one Peter Gallet, clerk of a certain chapel, and holy place used for the exercise of the romish religion.
And in another COUNT, with feloniously and sacrilegiously stealing, the same laying them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Gallett
                  



               
            , laying in a holy place for religious worship.(The case opened by Mr. Const.)


                  PETER
                   GALLETT
               



             sworn.
Q. You are employed by the gentlemen who are trustees of this chapel? - I am.
Q. Is it your business among other things to take care of this place? - Yes, every day.


                  Q. 
               


            Can you remember on the 33d of October whether you had secured it or how? Tell what you did, and the situation of the chapel with respect to the door? - The door that we found broke open was a side door, there are two side doors, but they broke that open that leads to the top of Warwick-street, we then found the vestry door broke open, together with an inward room, that door was also broke open, after which we found a cupboard broke open.
Q. On which day? - On the 23d of October. I secured the property of the plate, part of which was stole. I have only to say that part of this plate which is now forth coming-
Q. You have described the different parts, and the doors that lead to the plate being broke open. In what part was the plate deposited? - In the cupboard in the inner room.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you place it there yourself? - I saw it placed there about half past eleven, or from that time to twelve.


                  Q. 
               


            How was it secured? - By a common lock on the cupboard door.
Q. Was that fastened? - I locked it myself and I locked all the other doorsthat I have described myself on that day.
Q. What part of the plate was stolen? What part was moved out from the cupboard in which you placed it? - There was a silver chalice gilt, taken away, there was a kind of chalice with a cover to it, on the top of which cover there was a cross; there was also these pieces of plate; namely, a remonstrance, used in the service of the altar.
Q. Was these all taken away? - Yes, and a very small kind of chalice, silver gilt with a cover to it.


                  Q. 
               


            Was there any thing else? - There was another kind of plate, a salver, that was taken away. I know the prisoner very well, he was once a tenant of my father's, and he was continually about the neighbourhood.
Q. Did the prisoner attend the chapel? - Not to my knowledge.
Mr. Knapp. You say the the prisoner at the bar was a tenant to your father; how long was he a tenant to your father? - I cannot positively say, he lived in Leicester-street, Warwick-street.
Q. You say he was tenant about a year? - I believe so.


                  ROBERT
                   BARNES
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman.
Q. Was you on your beat in Warwick-street on the 23d of October? - Yes, on the 24th in the morning.
Q. Tell us what you observed? Whether you saw the prisoner there? - After I turned the half after one, (you may say twenty minutes, or a quarter before two,) I heard, within three doors of the chapel, a noise, rattling like breaking of windows; I marched up, and saw three men come out of the chapel, the prisoner at the bar was the first, with that I crossed over immediately, and pulled out my rattle and sprung it, with that when I sprung my rattle the prisoner ran away down the street partly and then crossed, and the other man that was with me in company wheeled back to the right; if I had followed them two I should have lost all three; with that the watchman in Mary-le-bone-street, (
               
                  John
                   Crowder
               



            ) he came up in Warwick-street to me, and he never lost sight of the prisoner till he was taken; that is the same man that I was following then, he was taken in Air-street, I could not get up.
Q. Did you see him with Carter, another watchman? - Yes, Carter was there; then we took him to the watch-house and left him there, and went back to the chapel to see what possibly was done, we found the door was broke open, the lock was broke so that we could make no use of it that night; accordingly when we went, one man picked up some bits of plate, then we searched all round the galleries, and below stairs to see if there was any body there, and there was nobody, then we went in this room, and we found this first door which leads to the sexton's room broke open; then we came into the sexton's office, and there were all the vails, as they are called, laying distributed about, and some pieces of plate.
Mr. Knowlys. You have told the gentlemen of the jury every thing that you said before the magistrate? - As nearly as I can recollect; I would not say a word neither backwards, nor forwards if I knew it.
Q. You was asked at the magistrate's whether the prisoner was one of the three? - Yes.
Q. Do you mean to say that you answered then that he was? - Yes.
Q. Upon your oath, you said then, in answer to that question, yes, to the magistrate? - Yes; he was the first man that came out of the chapel.
Q. What did you say to this gentleman, in answer to that question, did you say yes or no? - I said yes.
Q. Upon your oath, did not you say before the magistrate no? - I have witness that you said so. Upon your oath, I will have an answer to my question? - At the juctice's, sir! no, every man answered, yes; I said myself, Yes; upon my oath I said, yes.
Q. You was asked by the justice likewise, whether you saw him come out of the chapel? - Yes, I was.
Q. Did you say directly that you did? - I did, directly; and justice Conant set it down.
Q. Upon your oath, did you say it directly? - Yes.
Q. You did not hesitate at all? - No, I made no hesitation at all.
Q. What sort of a night was this? - wet night.
Q. Was it dark, or was it light? - Dark cloudy night.
Q. How many yards do you think the prisoner was from you when you first saw him? - About thirty or forty yards, I fancy; it is impossible to tell exactly when a man is in a slurry.
Q. He was running from you? - He was; and the other men turned back; I positively swear he is the man that came out.
Q. You know the prisoner at the bar? - Yes, I have seen him several times.
Q. I believe he used to give you broken bones? - Yes, he did.
Q. How long has he discontinued that? - He hath been out of his shop these two years; he used to give it to me the same as my master now gives me a bit of fish. A poor man is very glad of that.


                  JOHN
                   CROWDER
               



             sworn.
Q. You are a watchman in the parish of St. James's? - Yes.
Q. Do you remember seeing the prisoner at any time on the morning of the 24th? - Yes, very well.
Q. Where did you see him? - In Warwick-street. About two o'clock I heard a watchman's rattle at Warwick-street; Barnes cried out stop him! I saw the man between me and Barnes; Barnes was after him; that man turned round by me, and I immediately sprung the rattle, pursued him down Mary-le-bone-street to Air-street, springing my rattle, and crying out stop thief! and by the assistance of the watchman in Air-street, who ran up against the man and took him, and I run down on him; hold him, says I, for he is the thief; with that we stopped there a bit; Barnes, who is the watchman of Warwick-street, he came, he says, it is you, Mr. Butcher; says he, I have had information of you these six months; we immediately then took him to the watch-house, where we left him at the watch-house; we then went up to the Chapel.
Q. Then the prisoner at the bar was the man that you took? - He was; I never lost sight of him till that I took him, after that I saw him between myself and Barnes.
Mr. Knapp. The prisoner, was he searched? - Yes,
Q. Nothing found on him? - Nothing.


                  WILLIAM
                   KING
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner running, and the other watchman crying out stop thief! and when he came up close to me, I catched hold of his collar; and he said, what is the matter, my friend? I said, I do not know.
GEORGE CARTER sworn.
Q. Tell us what you know of this business. - On this night about half after or o'clock, I was crying the hour, in Brewer-street, the corner of Francis-street; just as I got the end of Brewer-street I heard a watchman's rattle springing about, I went up Warwick-street, and I am theprisoner Castledine in the street, and I asked him what he was after? he said he was after a thief; then I saw a watchman come up, Barnes came up and said he was the man; then he ran round me, and ran from me.
Q. But he never attempted to run before that the rattles sprung? - No, he did not.
Mr. Const. Did not his running away strike you very extraordinary? - I knew the prisoner several years, and told him to stop.
Q. Instead of that he ran away? - He did.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 32.)
Of stealing, but not sacrilegiously.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
