





193. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, thirty-two quires of paper, called printing demy, value 20 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Millar 
                  Richie
               



             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Sammels
                  



               
            .
MILLAR RICHIE sworn.
(The prisoner desired the witnesses to be examined separately.)
I am a printer
, partner
 with 
               
                  James
                   Sammels
               



            . The prisoner was a journeyman
 of mine. On the 8th of this month (Thursday) we lost this paper; I missed it about half past two o'clock from the warehouse; he was obliged to go through this warehouse to the room were he worked: I found the paper in Osborn-street, Whitechapel; it is better than a mile from my house; I found it at a Mr. Needs's; I know the paper to be mine by some ink marks, and the dog and cat had been over it; 
               
                  Robert
                   Dawson
               



             took it in his possession, and has it now; I found the first parcel on the 8th, and the other on the 9th of March; on the 8th I found eleven quire; about two or three and twenty in the whole.
Prisoner. Did not you promise if I confessed I should go free? - I really did not.
Court. Did he confess any thing without a promise? - He did; he said he bought it.
Prisoner. The constable was present when you made the promise.
FRANCIS M'GOWIN sworn.
I am servant to Messrs. Richie and Sammels. On returning from my dinner up London-wall, I met the prisoner with a bundle of paper on his head; on seeing me he turned back and ran away; I told my master; in the afternoon the prisoner returned and went to business; about eight o'clock he was called down; I did not make any observation on the paper he had on his head.
Prisoner. How came you not to stop me? - He ran away.


                  EDWARD
                   NEEDS
               



             sworn.
I keep a cheesemongers shop in Brick-lane, Spital-fields. On the 8th of March the prisoner brought a lot of paper, and I bought it; it weighed eleven pounds; I bought it for shop use; he said it belonged to himself: on the 9th of March, I was not at home, the prosecutor came to me on the evening; the prisoner came first, and said, the paper I sold you you must deliver up, as it was not honestly come by; I delivered it up.


                  ROBERT
                   DAWSON
               



             sworn.
I am a victualler. I went to Messrs. Richie's office and saw the prisoner; I asked him what he had been doing; he said, I have been robbing my master: what have you robbed him of? he said, a quantity of paper, which he had sold in Brick-lane, Spital-fields; we took a coach, and wentto Needs: he said to Needs, Sir, I will be obliged to you if you will let me have the paper back which I sold to you, for, to tell you the truth, it is not honestly come by.
(Produces the paper.)
Prisoner. Did not the prosecutor say, that if I confessed he would let me go about my business? - I never heard any such thing.


                  PHILIP
                   JOCELYN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. I only produce some paper.
- BURROWS sworn.
On Thursday, the 8th of this month, the prisoner was asked by my master how he came by that paper; he said he had it from Davis's printing-office; Mr. Richie said it was no such thing, for he knew more about it than he imagined; then he said he would fetch it back; Mr. Richie said, somebody must go with him.


                  JAMES
                   LEE
               



             sworn.
On the 8th of March the prisoner came up into the shop and made use of these expressions to a Mr. Sill,
"the coast is clear, and we may take what we please:" Sill is gone into the country.
Prisoner. Please you my lord. I have nothing to say, but to leave it to your lordship and the gentlemen of the jury. I expected some friends from the country, who are not come.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 48.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
