





375. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WALDEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of August
, two silver tea spoons, value 2 s. a check apron, value 1 s. a muslin handkerchief, value 1 s. an half shawl, a woollen petticoat, value 6 d. a linen shift, value 1 s. a cotton neckcloth, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Northover
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   NORTHOVER
               



             sworn.
I am a housekeeper, the woman was my servant
; I got up at six o'clock on the 29th of August, the first thing I missed was my watch, on Monday morning I had last seen it hang on the side of the mantle-piece in my bed-room, and all the articles in the indictment, besides many more; I recovered them again at the pawnbroker's about three weeks after I lost them.


                  JOSHUA
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
I am servant to a pawnbroker, on Saturday, the 10th of September, the prisoner pawned an apron and a muslin handkerchief; I knew her person; on Tuesday the 13th she pawned another apron.


                  JAMES
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner pawned a watch the 30th of August with me, and two silver spoons. (Produced.)


                  JOHN
                   GARUDE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker's servant; I produce a shift, a coloured apron, and a neckcloth, the apron and neckcloth were pawned the 26th of August, and the shift the 6th of September.


                  JOHN
                   CARR
               



             sworn.
I am a relation of the prosecutor's; Mrs. Northover sent for me, and I went to Bow-street, and saw the prisoner searched, and there was a petticoat and half shawl taken from her, (that was this day week,) and several duplicates, which led to these articles. (Produced.) Two applied to the things pawned at Allen's, three to Garude's, and one to Wilson's.
Mrs. NORTHOVER sworn.
I can swear to the shawl, by some of the edge of the fringe worn off; I can swear to the flannel petticoat, for I pieced it.
Mr. Northover deposed to the watch.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I beg the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
