







123. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     NASH
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     EVAN 
                     JONES
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     FOLLITT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of January
, four gallons of olive oil, value 15s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Batley
                  




               
            .
The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.


                  WILLIAM
                   HANSON
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Whitechapel public office. On the 22d of January, Thursday, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw this boy, Nash, with something in a kind of nail bag that the cooper's carry their tools in, and I see Jones following at a little distance, it was in King-street, Tower-hill; I suspected something, I went up to Nash -
Q. In what direction were they going? - Towards East-smithfield. I asked him what he had got there? he said he did not know; he said, the cooper was behind who would tell me, I turned round and I observed Jones run up the corner of another street as sharp as possible; as soon as I said hold of the boy there happened to be a person just by, I gave Nash in charge of him and went after Jones, I went up to him and I said, now you have got the boy into a hobble you are going to leave him; he said, what boy? I don't know of any boy; on which I said to him, come with me down to him. I brought him back to the boy, and I asked the boy if that was the man? he said it was.
Q. Was that in the hearing and presence of Jones? - It was as close as they stand now. I asked him what tho boy had got? he said, it was a little dirty grease that somebody had given to him, the scrapings of some casks; I examined it but I did not know it was oil myself, it was so froze and in such a congealed state.
Q. Did the boy Nash say any thing more about it? - He persisted he did notknow what it was; I asked him where he had it from? he told me.
Q. Did he tell you that in the hearing of Jones? - No, he did not; I took Nash with me down into Thames-street, to shew me the warehouse where he had it from.
Q. What warehouse did you go to? - On Chester Key, he said, that was the warehouse.
Q. Have you learned whose warehouse that is since? - I have seen Mr. Batley's clerk since that, and he says it is their warehouse.
Q. Did you at any time see any of Mr. Batley's servants on that spot afterwards? Did you ever see Mr. Batley there? - No, I have not, I have seen his clerks.
Q. When you went to the magistrate was any thing said either by Jones or the boy? - Jones confessed it all before the magistrate.
Q. Was it taken in writing? - I believe it was.
Q. Before it was taken in writing did any body tell him it would be better for him to confess? - No, there was nothing said of it in my hearing.
Q. What is become of the property since? - It has been locked up in one of our places ever since.
Q. It is now in a liquid state? - No, it is froze again.
Q. Have you had the care of it ever since? - The property has been in my care ever since.
Q. Did you take the property yourself from the prisoner? - Yes, from Nash.
Q. Do you know any thing of Follitt? - I apprehended Wager, and he told of Follitt.


                  JOHN
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.


                  Q. 
               


            Are you the clerk attending a Whitechapel office? - Yes.
Q. Do you know the hand writing of Mr. Davis, the magistrate? - Yes, I do.
Q. Look at that. (The examination shewn him.) Is that his hand writing? - Yes.
Q. Did you see that examination? - I did; I was clerk.
Q. Was there any thing said to induce him to confess? - There was nothing.(The confession read of 
               
                  Evan
                   Jones
               



            , signed by R. Davis.)
The voluntary examination and consession of 
               
                  Evan
                   Jones
               



            , charged with felony, says, "That on Thursday last, I was at work on Brewer's Key, for Mr. Batley; when I had finished my work I put my tools into my bag; about half after two o'clock in the afternoon, I was going to Mr. Batley's clerk, to settle with him for my wages, but Follitt and Wager insisted on my stopping till they had done, to lend them a hand; at last I agreed to stop and assist them for about an hour; I asked Wager who was to pay me for that work, my work being piece work? they said they would pay me; by that when I had done, I see them put some oil into a bag, and they desired me to go along with the boy to sell it; there was another man whom I don't know, said if I carried it to Petticoat-lane I should get more for it there than any where else; I accordingly followed the boy to Petticoat-lane, where I offered it to fell to two people, but they would not give me any thing for it; and I said to the boy, we will carry it back again where we had it from; and as we were carrying it back the oil began to run, and I took off my apron, and put it round it; by Rosemary-branch-alley I slipped and hurt my leg, the boy went on, the officer took the boy, and then followed and took me; I expected as much as the boy had for my trouble, but there was not any agreement made.
Signed 
               
                  Evan
                   Jones
               



            ."

(The examination of 
               
                  Andrew
                   Nash
               



             read.)
The voluntary examination and consession of 
               
                  Andrew
                   Nash
               



            , charged with felony."Andrew Nash says, on Thursday last, in the afternoon, I was at a fire at Chester Key, where I saw 
               
                  Henry
                   Follitt
               



            , he asked me if I would carry a load? I said, yes; he then sent me down into the cellar with 
               
                  Evan
                   Jones
               



            , and 
               
                  Evan
                   Jones
               



             helped the oil from the cask into my bag, and Follitt sent me into Petticoat-lane with Jones, and he went into a public house, and came out again, and desired me to follow him; I followed him to a gingerbread baker's, they said they would not have any thing to do with it, for they were afraid it was not come by honestly; I did not make any agreement what I was to have, Jones said I should he paid for it.
Signed, Androw Nash."


                  GEORGE
                   HARRY AILWYN
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Mr. Batley, he is an oil broker, I know Follitt and Jones. About four or five o'clock, on Thursday, the 22d of January, I heard of the robbery.


                  Q. 
               


            Were they on that day employed by Mr. Batley? - They were, as coopers.
Q. In what place were they at work for him that day? - At Brewer's Key, and Chester's Key.
Q. Did you see the witness, 
               
                  William
                   Hanbury
               



            , there? - Yes.
Q. Were they at work either of them, or both of them, in that part which you told him was Mr. Batley's warehouse? - Yes, they were; Jones was employed to hoop the oil casks, Follitt was employed to sill up oil; both of them about the oil business.
Q. Do you know what oil it was that they were employed about? - Olive oil.


                  JOHN
                   NOWLAND
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are a constable? - Yes.
Q. Did you apprehend Follitt? - Yes, on the 24th of January, in the Maze, in the Borough, I received information that he was concerned in this oil, and that he had absconded from his own house.
Q. When you apprehended him did he say any thing? - He said he knew nothing of the oil; I asked him the reason he kept away from his house? he said he did not keep away.
Mr. Knapp. This was two days afterwards you took him? - Yes.


                  BENJAMIN
                   BATLEY
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are an oil broker? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you any partner? - None at all.
Q. Do you know Jones and Follitt? - Yes.
Q. They were employed by you, we understand, at the time this matter took place? - Yes.
Q. Was Follitt constantly employed by you or not? - He has been constantly employed by me for four years.
Q. Did you see him after the Thursday that this happened? - I did not until the Saturday.
Q. Did you find him employed in your service on the Saturday? - No, I did not.
Mr. Knapp. When did you go out of town? - On Thursday evening.
Q. That was the very day in which you are supposed to have lost your oil? - Yes.
Q. When did you return again? - On the Saturday following.
Mr. Knowlys to Ailwyn. Did Follitt appear in his business after the Thursday that this happened? - He came on Friday morning and staid till breakfast time, I did not see him after.



                  JOSEPH
                   WAGER
               



             sworn.
Q. We understand you was concerned in this very wicked piece of business. Tell us all you know about it, and about those persons that were concerned in it; and mind you speak the truth? - I was in the employment of Mr. Batley on the 22d of January; I see 
               
                  Henry
                   Follitt
               



             put in some oil into some stranger's apron.
Q. How could the oil stay there? - It was froze so hard it would not run through the apron.
Q. Did you know any of these strangers? - No, I did not.
Q. Have you seen them since? - No, I have not.
Q. Is it any of the people that are here? - No.
Q. Were these people present at the time? - Yes.
Q. Where was it this happened? - At Chester Key.
Q. On the Key? - Yes, on the open Key. On returning from this transaction, they brought a pot of oil with them back; after that Follitt put some oil into a man's ap on that was with this person, Nash, and they went away.
Q. About what time of the day was it that Follitt put it into the apron of a man that came with Nash, and they went away? - About the middle of the day, I cannot say particularly when; on the return of Nash and this man, they brought a pot of purl, they said they had sold it in East Smithfield for eighteen-pence, at an iron shop; and when this Jones had done his work (he worked piece work) he said he knew two people in Petticoat-lane to fell the oil to.
Q. Was Follitt by? - Yes, Follitt said he knew a place a doctor's shop, just over Tower-hill; then Follitt and Jones, and Nash got about the cask, and put some oil in a bag.
Q. What oil was it? - Olive oil.


                  Q. 
               


            Where did they get this oil from? - Out of a cask that had the head out, on the Key, and then they took a jack of oil down into the cellar.


                  Q. 
               


            What do they call a jack? - A vessel that we fill up the casks with.
Q. What did they do with the jack of oil? - They put it out from the jack in the cellar, into the same bag.
Q. Who were present then? - There were two, Follitt I think was one, I cannot say to the other; I was not there after that; I went with a jack to fill up at a different part of the Key, at my employment.
Q. Did you hear it said by any body, what was to be done with this oil that was put into the bag? - Jones was going to carry it to Petticoat-lane, to two places where he knew where to fell it at; at that night when he returned, we were to meet at the Ipswich Arms, in Lower Thames-street, these three and me, Follitt, Jones, and Nash.
Q. Did you see it carried away? - I see Jones and Nash going off with it.
Q. What was you to meet at the Ipswich Arms for? - For the purpose of sharing the money. We staid there an hour and half at the Ipswich Arms, me and Follitt, waiting for Jones and Nash.


                  Q. 
               


            Did they come? - No; after that me and Follitt went over the water, to Jones's house, to see whether he had not been home; he had not been home; then we went from there to a public house the corner of Bermondsey-street, the Shipwright's Arms, we did not find him.
Q. How long was it before you gave this account of your share in the transaction? - How came you to tell of this matter? - I thought it was the best way to tell of it when I was taken up.
Q. Then you did not make this discovery before? - No.

Mr. Knapp. So you suffered your master to be plundered and robbed, and never was good enough to let your master know it till you was taken up, that is so, it is not? - Yes.
Q. Now this was in the middle of the day, was it? - At the time the oil was filling up on the Key, that was all day.
Q. Is there any one else works on the Key besides your master? - Other coopers do.


                  Q. 
               


            Other coopers might have been that day? - I did not observe them.
Q. So these men were all day plundering your master, at different times, and you keeping it snug till you was apprehended? - Yes.
Q. How long was it before you had the good luck to be taken up? - I was taken up the next day at my work.
Q. Did not you tell your master, or Mr. Ailwyn? - No.
Q. You was to have a slice of it, a part of the booty, and you went to Jones's house afterwards; it was very unlucky not to find him at home; so then your share, how much was it to be? - I did not know what he was going to sell it for.
Q. What was you to have for your share? - An equal part.
Q. It was a very unlucky thing that you did not get your share of it; and the moment you got before a magistrate, out you came with this story, and not before? - No.
Q. You know you save yourself from being tried at this bar by giving your evidence? - Yes, I do.
Q. You have been in custody ever since, and brought down in custody to the court? - Yes.
Mr. Knowlys to Ailwyn. What quantity is there now produced? - About four gallons, it is worth four shillings and eleven pence a gallon.
Q. Is that the sort of oil that Mr. Batley had the charge of? - Yes, it is.
Prisoner Jones to Wager. You say I was present on the Key when that man took the oil away in his apron; I was not within a hundred yards; I was at the bottom of the key. - It is false.
Q. You did not see me put the oil in the bag? - I see you put the oil in the bag.
Q. He says he see me and the boy go down with the oil; I went a different way. - He was behind the boy, when the boy got to the top of the gateway he was in the middle.
Q. He says, I said, I knew two people that would buy the oil, I never said such a word. - He said he knew two men in Petticoat-lane that he knew would buy the oil.
Prisoner Nash. That man says, that how I took oil into the cellar, and put it into a bag, it is a false thing.
Court to Wager. Do you say it is true on your oath, what you said before? - It is.
Prisoner Nash. I am a hard working man, and being out of constant employ, I went down to the Key to see if I could earn a sixpence; and I walked down the Key, and was returning back again, finding no work to do, and as I was returning I see a fire; I went to the fire to warm my hands, and there Follitt asked me to carry a load, and directed me down into this cellar along with Jones, and one of them desired me to go to Petticoat-lane with it, with Jones, and when I came to Petticoat-lane, Jones sent me into a public house to call for a pint of beer; I went into the public house and called for a pint of beer, and Jones went to see if he could find this man that he was directed to with this oil, he could not, and he came back to me, and told me he would take the oil from whence it came; as I was coming back with it, one of the officers stopped me, and asked me what I had got there?I told him I did not know what it was, the man behind would tell him what it was; Jones as soon as he see I was stopped, turned round the corner, and went away from me; the officer followed him, and brought him up to me; he then denied he knew me; the officer asked me if that was the man, and I said. yes.
Prisoner Jones. On Thusday, the 22d of January, I was at work for Mr. Batley, on Brewer's Key; Mr. Batley sent for me three days before to do this job, out of charity, as I had no work to do. I have got a wife and three small children. So I finished this job about half past two o'clock, and I said to Wager, I am going; says Wager, you shall not go till we are done this job, and Wager d-ned his eyes, and said, I should not stir from the place till they had done; at last I consented, and lent them a hand to fill up the oil for about an hour; this bag was filled while I was filling the cask up, and I was ordered to go with it, by Wager's orders, and I went to the man that I was directed to, and the man was not at home, and the woman would not take it in, and so I agreed to take it back again, not knowing what to do with it.
Prisoner Follitt. I leave all it to my counsel.


                  Andrew
                   Nash
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .


                  Evan
                   Jones
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 38.)
Henry Follitt, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
