





239. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MESSENGER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, a firkin of butter, containing 56 lb weight, value 36 s. a wooden firkin, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Parnell
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY
                   PARNELL
               



             sworn.
I live in Chiswell-street


. On the 9th of February I lost a firkin of butter, containing 56 lb; I missed it about five in the evening, out of my shop, very near the door, on the inside: I had seen the firkin there about five minutes; I do not recollect seeing the prisoner; my young man pursued him, 
               
                  William
                   Irons
               



            ; he was first: the prisoner ran away: my young man pursued him, and I took up the butter, which lay on the ground: my young man brought him up in about ten minutes: it was not light enough for me to distinguish whether the man, my young man brought back, was the same: the prisoner denied being the person that took the butter: I sent for a constable, and took him into custody: I brought him back to my shop: this is the firkin which I picked up, and which I saw the man that Irons brought back, drop: it was marked with a P. in my presence.


                  WILLIAM
                   IRONS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the prosecutor. A girl gave an alarm that a man had stolen a firkin of butter: I saw a man walking very fast; I ran across the way, and collared him: he threw down the firkin of butter, and struck me: I ran after him about two hundred yards: another person took him: I never lost sight of him.
(Deposes to the firkin.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming from Bishopsgate-street, on the 9th of February; and the firkin of butter was pitched on a block, at a sadler's door, and a young man was standing by it; and he asked me to carry it, and he would satisfy me; and I carried it as far, very near, as Bunhill-row; and this young man laid hold of me: and the man that asked me to carry it ran away directly: I never was in the shop, nor near the shop, in my life.
The prisoner called one witness, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


