






713. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CROSS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, eight pieces of woollen cloth, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Cole
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   COLE
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  James
                   Cole
               



            ; I lost some cloth the 16th of October; I lost several pieces, and the prisoner is the person that my servant swore to taking the property from her person.


                  HANNAH
                   MACLEAN
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mrs. Cole, and she left me in the house to put the children to bed, I had put them to bed, and I heard the voice of a boy say mistress, there is a boy come out of your house with a bundle; I gets up to the door, and I saw this boy with the bundle under his arm; this was the 16th of October, in the evening, between eight and nine o'clock; he was about the fifth door up the court from Mrs. Cole; I ran up to the boy and took him and found this bundle under his left arm.
Cole. These are my things that I fitted up on Sunday, I left them on a great chest when I went out; I put out slop work, my husband is at sea, he has been there this seven years.


                  WILLIAM
                   HANSON
               



             sworn.
I am the constable, Mrs. Cole gave me the things, and they have been in my possession ever since.
Prisoner. I was in Rosemary-lane, I had been in London about five days; I was asking my way to Whitechapel, and a young man in a blue jacket, asked me to carry this bundle; I told him I would, and he bid me to follow him; I thought he would pay me some halfpence for carrying of it, and while I was carrying of it this young woman comes and lays hold of me. I was born in Liverpool, and had been at work in Coventry, and I was going down to my parish; the gentleman was before me, and when he see the young woman come up he turned on the left hand side.
Court to Maclean. Did you see any body else with him? - Nobody but himself.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
