





400. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SOAMES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 3d day of September
, 24 dollars, value 5 l. - 25 pieces of coin, value 20 s. - and a quantity of silver turnings, value 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Richards
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   RICHARDS
               



             sworn.
I am a watch-case maker
 in Bridgewater-square, Barbican


: the prisoner was a weekly servant
; I had given him three quantities of silver, of 114 oz. of new dollars, and fine silver; the melting-pot contained the whole quantity, and I saw it safe in the furnace; I then left the prisoner; the prisoner was burning the turnings from other silver; he was to attend the furnace also; I was called away, and absent from five to ten minutes; I went to the melting-pot to put in the remainder of the dollars, and discovered a quantity of silver turnings that I had not put in, and that had not been run down. I called the prisoner, and asked him how he came to put the turnings in the melting-pot with the dollars; had he ever done so before: he said at first that I had ordered him to do so, and afterwards that his mind was so disordered, that he did not know what he did; I did not suffer him to go out; I was then called to dinner, and not suspecting the man, I sent up his dinner from my own table. I returned to him in about ten minutes, to melt the other two quantities; it might require an hour and an half; I staid with him till the whole was melted. We have three garrets all in one passage; he went to the extremity; I directed him, after pouring off the last, to bring them to the scale to be weighed; he brought it forward; I weighed, and found a deficiency; he was then below stairs; on his return I told him of the deficiency; the prisoner said he could not give any account of it. I sent two of my men below stairs to search. I went down and found under some tiles, four and twenty new dollars. I brought them up stairs; I asked the prisoner how he came to be such a rascal: he said it was the first time; he had never done so before. I believe the dollars were mine; and the turnings were put in to supply their deficiency. There is no particular mark to them. When before the alderman, he said he hoped the gentleman would be merciful. When we first put the coin into the melting-pot, it will not hold so much as when it is in the state of fusion. The turnings might, when the pot was in a state of fusion, have been thrust down. I had sent the prisoner to Mr. Binns that day; he had lived with me three months; he brought from thence 350 oz. of dollars.


                  JOHN
                   WACKERILL
               



             sworn.
Mr. Richards sent for me on the 3d of September, and desired me to go into the counting house and examine the weights: I did so, and then went into the yard, and found the dollars under some tiles in the yard. The forge is in a garret over a house let out in tenements.
- PETHIO sworn.
On the 3d of September I went into the yard; I only saw Soames go from one shop into the other: the silver was found in the yard under some old tiles.

The prisoner called six witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY, stealing, not in dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
