






56. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of December
, two pair of leather pumps, value 6 s. a pair of leather shoes, value 7 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ferguson
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   FERGUSON
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 27, Russel-court, Covent-garden; I am a shoe maker
; I lost three pair of shoes, two pair of ladies and one pair of gentlemens. On Saturday evening, the 8th of December, about nine o'clock, this 
               
                  Francis
                   Morris
               



             came into my shop, and agreed with me for three pair of shoes; I tied them up in the apron, and sent the boy out with them; him and I had agreed about the price, but he did not pay me; I had never seen him before in my life, he was to go along with the boy.


                  JOHN
                   GREENHILL
               



             sworn.
I am between sixteen or seventeen; I am apprentice to Mr. Ferguson; I was sent out on the 8th of last month, with the prisoner, with the shoes; I was going along he asked me whether I was an apprentice or a boy to my master; I said, I was an apprentice; then when he came to the chandler's shop, he said, are the shoes for buckles, or for ties, for I want them for buckles; and then he opened the bundle and looked at them; this was in Exeter-street; he tied them up again, and I asked him for them; no, no, says he, I can carry them if it is not too much trouble; then he went along Denmark-court


, turns down to his left hand, and then turns again and says, I have gone past the house, it is a door or two further; then when he turned the corner again, he set off running; I hallooed out after him, and he went down to Exeter-change; I had not lost sight of him till the crowd got round him; then he came along to my master's with a watchman; he throwed the shoes away; he had not them on him; they were thrown into a gentleman's passage and he brought them to us; they are the same shoes I carried with the man, they had been in the shop a good bit before. (Deposed to by the prosecutor having made them all himself.)
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
