





458. 
               
                  GARLAND 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               obtaining goods under false pretences
            .
The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.
JOHN BLUNSTON sworn.
I am the servant of Mesirs. 
               
                  John, 
                     
                        William, and 
                           
                              Thomas 
                              Haynes
                           











            , in Milk-street, they are wholesale hosiers


.
Q. Was you in the course of dealing with Meslrs. John Badger and 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Hudson
               



            , of the old Jewry? - Yes. The prisoner at the bar he came on Monday the 8th of May
, between nine and ten in the morning, he desired to look at some goods, which were shown him by me; I knew him by sight, but not his name; I shewed him the goods, and he looked out six pair of cotton, and three pair of silk and cotton hose, he looked them out himself; I knew him to be a servant of Messrs. Badger and Hudson's and I desired John Hilson to enter them to Messrs. Badger and Hudson, in the presence of the prisoner.



                  Q. 
               


            Did you know the name of the prisoner? - I did not. After that entry was made his name was required, John Hilton asked him; he said, Appleby; I cannot say whether he said John or no; I have the entry here; I saw the entry made; it is entered only Appleby.
Q. Did you in consequence of this give him the goods? - I did, and he went away with them.
Court. Did you know this man before? - I knew him by sight, but not by name, I had seen him once and only once.
Q. How came you to put the goods down to Badger and Hudson? - I had seen him come from there once before, the 6th of May, and I had seen him once at Badger and Hudson's.


                  Q. 
               


            What is Badger and Hudson? - They are haberdashers.
Q. How did you know he was a servant there? - Because I was informed he was. I was told so.
Q. How came it to he entered to Badger and Hudson the first time? - By his desire, I suppose.
Q. We must have the reason? - The reason I cannot give you.
Q. You desired Hilron to enter them to Badger and Hudson? - I did.
Q. Did you say loud enough for the prisoner to hear the directions you gave? - I did.
Q. Did he see the entry made? - He did not; the desk is in the corner; he had a bill of parcels given him, made out in Badger and Hudson's name, "Bought of John, William, and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Haynes
               



            ." I am sure of it.
Q. Did he look at it? - He did.
Q. Who made out the bill of parcels? - John Hilton, and I read it myself.


                  JOHN
                   HILTON
               



             sworn.
I am servant to John, William, and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Haynes
               



            ; I remember the prisoner coming to our shop for some goods that Blunston sold him; I made out the bill of parcels myself, to Messrs. Badger and Hudson. As soon as I made out the bill of parcels I gave it into his hands; I asked him his name; and he said, his name was Appleby.
Q. Had you ever seen that man before? - Yes, I believe on the 6th of May two days before, he came for some goods for Messrs. Badger and Hudson.
Q. Were the goods delivered to him? - Yes, and he went away.
Q. When he came there the 6th, what did he say? - I recollect his telling the young man that he was thinking of setting up business for himself, in the country; I understood he came from Messrs. Badger and Hudson; I knew him to be their traveller or rider.


                  Q. 
               


            Should you have delivered these goods to him if you had not believed him to be a servant of Messrs. Badger and Hudson's? - No, I would not.
Prisoner. I never gave any notice to leave, nor have I had any notice to leave.


                  BENJAMIN
                   HUDSON
               



             sworn.
My partner's name is John Badger; Garland Davis was my servant.
Q. Did you ever know him by the name of Appleby in your service? - No; his name is Garland Davis. I was on a journey at this time.


                  JOHN
                   BADGER
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner; his name is Garland Davis; I never knew him by the name of Apploby; he quitted our service the 8th of May, in the morning, about eight o'clock, or it might be a quarter past.
Q. Were you customers with John, William, and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Haynes
               



            ? - Yes.
Q. On the 8th of May, between nine and ten, or at any time in the day, did you send this man with any order to their house? - I never did, nor I never saw him afterward. That morning he set off collecting large sums of money in the country. I never sent him for goods to this house. On the 6th he had goods there that he never brought to us; on the 6th he had not left our house. He had lived with me near three years; the first part of the time we approved of his conduct very well, but we soon thought very different, in the course of half the time perhaps.
Q. Did ever any of these stockings come to your hands? - None of them, till Mr. Hudson took them from him, when he apprehended him.
Prisoner. Ask him if he never sent me for goods more than once, twice, or thrice? - Never
Mr. Knowlys to Mr. Hudson. Are you sure you did not send him the 8th of May? - I am sure I did not. I apprehended this man at Liverpool; I pursued him on purpose, I went after him, hearing that he was collecting our money unlawfully. Afterwards I heard he was at Birmingham, and from Birmingham I pursued him to Liverpool. These were five pair out of nine I found, two pair of which he had sold to his taylor, at Birmingham; they are three pair of cotton, and two pair of silk and cotton: this and another pair was found in his trunk or portmanteau, which was owned by him, and has been brought up to town since with his pretended wife, and which he has had delivered to him by a peace officer, in prison.
Blunston. These are the kind of stockings that I let him have, but they have no mark on them.
Prisoner I was a servant to Badger and Hudson, and had no notice to leave. In the morning of the 8th of May, I went to Messrs. Haynes and had nine pair of stockings, they never asked me who they were for, nor did I tell who they were for; I rather was afraid of going home again, afraid of meeting a person I did not like to see. It is not likely that I should go to this shop for stockings in an assumed name, where I had been more than twenty times; there are the rest of the young men in Badger and Hudson's house that can prove that I have been sent there many a time, an I those that I had on the 6th of May. I think I can remember who they were for.
Court to Badger. Is there my entry of these on your journals? - Not that I know of, it is no matter to us.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
