





88. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, one muff, called a fox-brush muff, value 20 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Augustus 
                           Nicolls
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  AUGUSTUS
                   NICHOLLS
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 15, in Bridges-street


, in the fur business; and I lost, on the 20th of December, between five and six in the evening, one fox-brush muff; I did not see it taken out of the shop, but I saw it about a quarter of an hour before; I was in the work shop; it was worth 20 s.; I heard the bell ring, and cried out, stop thief! I came down stairs, and went after him into Vinegar-yard, and the prisoner was caught.


                  JOHN
                   BAYNES
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman, and was sent on an errand, and I saw the prisoner have the muff in his hand, and he dropped it; I ran after him, and stopped him.


                  ELIZABETH
                   NICOLLS
               



             sworn.
I was in the shop; it was near six; there were two young men came into the shop, to cheapen some powder-puffs, and he did not agree about the price, and they went out of doors; and as they were going out of the door, I saw the prisoner with the muff in his hand; it had been in the window; he was just out of the door; he had it under an handkerchief; he was not the man that cheapened the puffs; I watched them both all the time, and yet I did not see him take up the muff; I never was more surprized in my life; I cried stop thief! and stood at the door till he was brought back again. (The muff deposed to.) I am sure the prisoner is one of the men that was in the shop.


                  SARAH
                   FRY
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Nicolls, and was down in the kitchen, and heard the cry of stop thief! and run out down Vinegar-yard, and picked up the muff just as he was taken.
Prisoner. As I was coming out of the shop with the young fellow, I saw the muff lay, and I picked it up; I knew not what it was.




               GUILTY of stealing, 4 s. 10 d.
             (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
