





38. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NIXON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 29th of July
, three pieces of muslin, containing thirty yards, value 3l. 3s. part of goods of which Thomas Smith, otherwise Gipsey Tom, was convicted of stealing, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jackson
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Jackson
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Potts
                        



                     
                  , knowing them to have been stolen
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.
Mr. STAFFORD sworn. - I am clerk to Mr. Knapp, clerk of the Assize upon the Home Circuit, (produces a copy of the record of the conviction of Thomas Smith, otherwise Gipsey Tom); it is a true copy, I examined it both ways; he was convicted of stealing goods, at the last Lent Assizes for Hertford. (It is read).


                  JOHN
                   MACAULAY
               



             sworn-Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am a manufacturer, at Glasgow: I packed one hundred and thirty-six pieces of muslin, to send by the Glasgow waggon to London; the box was marked W W No. 4, London; I delivered the box to the porter of the waggon; it was directed W & W London, No. 4.


                  JOSEPH
                   GREEN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am the driver of Messrs. Jackson's waggon, I drove the waggon from Fairburn in Yorkshire.
Q.Has your waggon any connections with the Glasgow and Newcastle waggons? - A. Yes.
Q. At Fairburn do you recollect a box marked W W. No. 4, London? - A. Yes, perfectly well; I received the waggon on the 22d of July, I arrived at Hatfield Wood-side on the 28th, between two and three in the afternoon, the waggon rests there; I left Hatfield Wood-side exactly at eleven o'clock at night, all was right then, the same as I had taken possession of it; about three o'clock in the morning, when it began to be break of day, coming down Barnet-hill, I perceived a hollow at the front of the waggon, I came round to the tail of the waggon, there was nothing the matter there at all; I missed the box immediately from the front of the waggon, the off side; as soon as I missed it, I went back; I afterwards found the box in an oat field, about three or four hundred yards from the inn, at Hatfield Wood-side.
Q. What county is Hatfield Wood-side in? - A. In the county of Hertford.
Q. How far short of London? - A.Nineteen miles. (The box produced in Court).
Q. Do you change loading any where? - A. Yes; we change waggons at Barlington, sixty miles before I drove it.
Q. Is that the box that you had in your waggon? - A. It is the same box.
JOHN JOBLIN sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp.
Q. You are the agent in London? - A. Yes; the Glasgow and Newcastle waggon inns at our inn, the White-horse, Cripplegate; John Jackson, James Jackson, and Robert Potts, are the partners in the house.
Q. Had you any intelligence of any boxes to arrive at your inn? - A. Yes.
Q.According to the bill of lading, did all the goods arrive? - A.They did not; they were all right, according to my invoice, except a box, marked W & W London, No. 4.
Q. Have Messrs. Jackson and Potts paid the loss? - A.They have; I have paid it for them.
Mr. Const. Q.Are there any other partners in the house? - A. No.
THOMAS CARPMEAL sworn-Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am one of the officers of Bow-street: I have known the prisoner, Nixon, thirty years.
Q. Did you know a man of the nick name of Gipsey Tom, who was convicted at Hertford? - A. Yes, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Smith
               



            ; I had known him twenty years.

Q. Do you know Taylor and Finch? - A. I know Taylor.
Q. Do you know from Nixon, whether, before this transaction, he was acquainted with Smith, or Taylor? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know how long he had been acquainted with them? - A. No.
Q. Do you know whether he had been acquainted with them any time? - A. Yes.
Q. What were Smith and Taylor? - A. I have had them in custody several times for thieving. In consequence of some information that I received, I went to Nixon's house, on Sunday, the 7th of August, 1796, upon a charge of another robbery; he keeps the Swan and Pike, at Enfield Lock, in the county of Middlesex; I found there these three pieces of muslin under the bed, between the bed and bed-tick; I asked him how he came by them; at that time he did not tell, for they were under the maid servant's bed; we searched the house for other things, and we brought him and a man of the name of Akenhead, who was tried at Chelmsford, upon the charge I went down upon, and executed; Nixon gave evidence against him; they were brought up to Bow-street, and on Monday, he was examined; I do not recollect that any thing passed in the way to Bow-street.
Q. Were you present when Mrs. Gibbons was taken into custody? - A. I was at Peterborough at that time; I went down there by the direction of Nixon, where Smith and Taylor were gone to.
Mr. Const. Q. This direction was a part of the examination? - A. I believe it was at the beginning of it.
Mr. Const. He did not say a word till he was admitted an evidence? - A. I cannot say.
Mr. Const. Q. Was he not in the act of giving information? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. In consequence of what passed, did you find Gipsey Tom? - A. I did, at the Fighting Cocks, at Peterborough, on the 9th of August, in the morning; I found Taylor also, but he made his escape; when Fugion and I took Gipsey Tom, he searched him; Fugion and I went together; in his pocket was the key of a room door; I searched a room in which he had slept, and there I found forty-five pieces of muslin, in a pair of saddle-bags; we brought Gipsey Tom to town, and he was tried at Hertford.
Q. Have you had any conversation with Nixon, since he gave his information at Bow-street, respecting this robbery? - A. Yes, frequently; he said, that Smith, Taylor and Finch brought the whole of the muslins there, I forget the exact number that he said; it was one hundred and something; he said, he had brought them to his house, at Enfield-Lock, and that it was a very rainy morning, and that Smith sent his (Nixon's) son to Mrs. Gibbons; that she came down, and the pieces were told out to her; he said, he saw them told out; he said they were put in a sack, all but forty-five pieces, which were Gipsey Tom's, and he kept his part; Gipsey Tom said, he knew how to make as much of them as Mrs. Gibbons, for he was a pedlar, and travelled with a licence; he said, Mrs. Gibbons was gone away, and one of them said, fetch her back; she came back, and she took the sack away with what was in it, which contained Taylor and Finch's share, but not Smith's; with respect to the three pieces that I found concealed in his maid's bed, he said, one was given to him by the other two; two were to be sent to Finch's wife, or to Finch's house, I do not know which.
Cross-examined by Mr. Const. Q. You say this was private conversation between you and him? - A. Yes.
Q. When did it take place? - A. Many times; we had been at Hertford and Chelmsford, and other places, and I had given him good advice to tell the truth.
Q. For what purpose? - A. That if he did not tell the truth it would fall upon him.
Q. You know at that time he was admitted an evidence for the Crown? - A. Yes.
Q. And you know also that all this had been taken down upon oath, at Bow-street? - A. Yes; I told him so, that what he had said at Bow-street, was taken down, and sent to this Court, and if he did not stick to that, it would fall upon him.
Q. You had heard what had been taken down at Bow-street? - A. Yes; I heard the evidence read.
Q. Did not you tell him something like this, you at Bow-street, said, so and so? - A. No; I said, you know what you swore at Bow-street, if you do not stick to the truth, it may fall upon you.
Q. Understand me, and stop before you answer, we know what he swore at Bow-street; you have seen him frequently, and talked about the business, was it not in this way, you have said so and so, stick to that, or it will fall upon you? - A. I have repeatedly said so.
Q. Then did he shortly say, that is the truth? - A.Just so.
Court. Q. This conversation you talk of having had with Nixon since he was at Bow-street; have those facts that you have now related been related by him since? - A. Yes.
Mr. Const. Q. Do you mean that he has told the whole story over again to you? - A. Yes; as near as I can tell.
Q. At those times you always exhorted him in that way, at the introduction of such a conversation? - A. Yes.
Mr. Const. Q. That it would be better if he didstick to the truth, and if he did not, it would fall upon him? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. He was, at that time, not charged as a criminal, but admitted as a witness? - A. He was.
Mr. Const. Q. Gipsey Tom took his share away? - A. Yes; they were divided in three.
Q. Then these three were no part of the forty-five? - A. Not of the forty-five that were at Peterborough.
EDWARD LAVENDER sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am clerk at Bow-street; I was present when Mr. Nixon was examined.
Q. Since the examination have you had any conversation with him relative to this? - A. I have had many conversations with him since his examination was taken, but I cannot recollect the particulars.
Q.Nixon was admitted a witness against Gipsey Tom, and was afterwards admitted an evidence against Mrs. Gibbons? - A. He certainly was.
Q. Tell me if you know that letter? - A.It is a letter I received from the prisoner, Nixon, it is a letter addressed to Nixon, from Smith. (It is read, addressed Mr. Nixon, at the Swan and Pike, Enfield, Marsh, Hertfordshire, dated Peterborough, August 1st, signed 
               
                  T. 
               


            Smith).
"Sir,"The two boxes that I left at your house is not"come to Mr. Craven's, therefore should be obliged"to you if you will make some enquiry about them,"and send me a letter to the Fighting Cocks, at"Peterborough."I am, your's,"T. SMITH."
Cross-examined by Mr. Const. Q. I believe this man was bound over to give evidence? - A. He was committed, and afterwards admitted to bail, by Mr. Justice Lawrence.
Q.Did he enter into any recognizance before Mr. Justice Lawrence? - A. Yes.
Q. Did he not appear at Hertford, at the prosecution of Gipsey Tom? - A. Yes.
Q.Gipsey Tom, I believe, was convicted? - A. He was.
Q. Did he not, afterwards, appear in the prosecution of Akenhead, at Chelmsford? - A. He did.
Mr. Knowlys. Q.Did he not there deny the story that he had told in his original information? - A. He did not give the same evidence.
Q. Did he not appear here as a witness against 
               
                  Esther
                   Gibbons
               



            , as he was bound over to do? - A. Yes.
Q. He gave information against her in his examination? - A. Yes.
Q. And did he not give evidence directly denying her guilt? - A.Directly contrary to what he had before sworn upon his examination.
Q. In consequence of which, he was committed by the Court? - A. Yes.
Mr. Const. Q. You mean to say, that he gave a different evidence at Chelmsford to what he did at Hertford? - A. Yes; he differed materially in his evidence all the three times.
Q. The difference, if I recollect, was, that he did not remember some of the particulars when Mrs. Gibbons was tried? - A. He could scarcely remember any thing.
Q. The transaction was more than two years ago? - A. A year and a half.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Has he not told this story repeatedly, about his knowledge of the business of Smith's robbery? - A. Yes.
Q. And when he came here he forgot the whole of it? - A. He forgot the most of it.
Mr. Macaulay. These three pieces are mine, they have my private marks upon them, one of them in my own hand writing; the other two are written by a young lad that was with me at that time, of the name of Garner.
Court. Q. Do you know that these three pieces were part of the package of that box? - A. Yes, perfectly well.
Prisoner's defence. Every time that the gentlemen of Bow-street chose to examine me, they promised me that, bring forward whatever I would, I should not be hurt; I have not differed at all in the evidence that I gave; if you find in the papers any thing different, I will this moment sign my own death warrant.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 43.)




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
