





737. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROSER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of June
, four pair of silk hose, value 1 l. three pair of cotton hose, value 6 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hinksman
                  




               
            .
ROBERT HINKSMAN sworn.
I am a linen draper
.

Q. Was you robbed at any time? - I believe I was; when the prisoner was found out I was from home, I saw them at one of the pawnbroker's first, after I came home.


                  JOSEPH
                   SIMMONS
               



             sworn.
I am a linen draper, I lived with Mr. Hinksman at the time these goods were stolen, I was called upon by Mrs. Hinksman in the absence of Mr. Hinksman, to know if I knew these goods; I saw them at a pawnbroker's.
Q. What time was that? - Sometime in the beginning of October; I know them to be the property of Mr. Hinksman.
- BECKET sworn.
The prisoner at the bar is my apprentice, and used to go and dress Mr. Hinksman every morning, he dressed himself on the 8th of September and went out, and I found these duplicates by lifting up the top of his bed, it was a bureau bedstead; it was Thursday eight o'clock in the evening; I have kept the duplicates ever since; here are seven; on the 24th my apprentice told a friend of mine that he meant to run away from me, to prevent his running away, I then on the 24th charged him with the constable, when I charged him with the constable, I than went to Mrs. Hinksman, and she and I went to several different pawnbrokers, and she said these things had all her shop marks.
Q. Did any thing pass between you and the prisoner about these duplicates? - Not a word.
- sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce two pair of white cotton stockings, one pair pledged the 8th of June, in the name of 
               
                  William
                   Roser
               



            , and the other pair the 20th of May, in the name of 
               
                  John
                   Mason
               



            .
Q. Do you know the person of the prisoner? - No.
Q. Was you at home when they were pledged? - I was, when one pair was brought, but I did not take them in.
Q. Did you give duplicates with them? - Yes.
Q. Have you seen them since? - Yes, at Bow-street.
Q. Who produced them at Bow-street? - The master hair dresser.
Court to Becket. Shew this man the duplicates that you took from the prisoner.
Pawnbroker. One is my own hand writing in the name of William Roser; I know the hand writing of the other, it was wrote by a young man that lived servant with us, but has since left us.


                  HENRY
                   BATT
               



             sworn.
I am a journeyman to Mr. Edward Fleming, of Newgate-street, a pawnbroker. At the time of the robbery I was a journeyman to Mr. Bechum, of Holborn; the things were pawned with Bechum; I produce a pair of stockings, they were pawned by a young man, who called himself 
               
                  William
                   Roser
               



            , I believe it to be the prisoner, to the best of my recollection.
Q. When was it? - The 8th of February.
Q. Did you give him a duplicate? - Yes, the stockings are here.
Court to Becket. Shew the man the duplicate that belongs to these stockings.
Batt. This is the duplicate, it is my own hand writing.


                  ROBERT
                   FERNE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, a servant to 
               
                  John
                   Salkeild
               



             in Fleet-street; I produce a pair of silk stockings pawned by a young man, who called himself 
               
                  William
                   Roser
               



            , I cannot take on myself to say who was the person; I gave a duplicate.
Court to Becket. Let the last witness look at the duplicates.

Fearne. This is the duplicate, it was pawned the 5th of February, it is my own hand writing.
Court to Becket. Can you recollect how long the prisoner had dressed at Mr. Hinksman's? - About the last two years and a half past.
- sworn.
I am a servant to 
               
                  John
                   Morris
               



            , a pawnbroker, Holborn, I produce a pair of cotton stockings, pawned in the name of 
               
                  William
                   Roser
               



            , but I don't know it was the prisoner; they were pawned the 20th of May.
Q. Did you give a duplicate? - Yes, I have got them here.
Q. Look at Mr. Becket's duplicates, and see if there is any one of your's? - This is my duplicate.
JOHN DALE sworn.
I am a servant to a pawnbroker, I took in a pair of silk stockings the 9th of February, I gave a duplicate, by the name of 
               
                  William
                   Roser
               



            , but I don't know the prisoner.
Court to Becket. Shew him the duplicate? - This is the duplicate, it is my own hand writing.


                  SARAH
                   VAUGHAN
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Dobery in Holborn, I produce one pair of silk stockings, pawned the 8th of February, by one Roser; I believe it to be the prisoner at the bar, it is a great while back to recollect the person, I gave a duplicate.
Court to Becket. Have you any duplicate left? shew it to her.
Vaughan. It is my own hand writing.
Prisoner. I have no defence to make, I trust to the mercy of the court.
Hinksman. The articles have got marks on them, I believe the whole to be mine, there are my marks on them.
Simmons. I marked six pair of these stockings at Mr. Hinksmans myself, I did not the seventh pair.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
