





159. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHITE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of February
 last, two pieces of gold, called guineas, value 42 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Holliday
                        




                     
                  , Esq
; in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN
                   HOLLIDAY
               



             sworn.
On the 13th of February, the Monday preceding the 20th, I found a deficiency in some cash: on Monday the 20th I found four guineas taken from fifteen; I suspected this poor lad, who, I am sorry to say, hashad bad advisers; the prisoner was a servant
 to my clerk, who slept at my chambers; I took down the dates of ten old guineas; one of those found on him answered the date; there were only two guineas found, which were taken on the 20th; the prisoner was full of tears, and said little to me.


                  HENRY
                   SILVERLOCK
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Mr. Holliday: I called up the boy, who lived with me as a servant about two years and a half; on my taxing him with it, he pulled out a key, which opened the lock; I asked him what he had done with all the money he had taken; he said it was up stairs; I went up, and found two guineas, eight shillings, and some copper, which he confessed was part of what he took out of Mr. Holliday's desk.
Court. Was any thing said to him? - I said, tell the truth; the only way for you to find mercy is to tell the truth; he said he was tempted to do it.
Court. Then we must not hear what he said after that.
Silverlock. I do not know the guineas.
Deposed to by Mr. Holliday. I did not make any marks on the gold any further than taking down the dates.
Court. That is rather vague.
Mr. Holliday. It is rather vague; I do not wish to press it: one of those guineas corresponded with the date I took down.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say; I was persuaded to do it by an old man; he said there was no harm in it, and I thought no harm: I have no witnesses but my master.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            

Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


