





95. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     HURST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of November
, a man's cloth coat, value 1l. a man's velvet waistcoat, value 5s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Manley
               




            .
PHILIP MANLEY sworn.
I am a victualler
 in Leather-lane Holborn


; I don't know any thing of the robbery.
Q. When did you see the things the last time before they were taken? - On the Sunday they were taken in the week, the prisoner went away from my house the 31st of October, he had lodged in my house.
Q. How did he gain his livelihood? - He said he was a taylor
.
Q.How soon afterwards did you miss the things? - On the Sunday following, the 31st of October was on Friday and I missed the things on the Sunday following.
Q. Do you know when you had them before he went away? - I had them the Sunday before that, I wore them.
Q. Are the things here? - Yes. He did not pay his lodgings when he went. On the 25th of November I saw an advertisement that such a man had robbed his lodgings in the Borough; and I saw him at the justice's at the Borough, on the 1st of December; I suppose the things are here.


                  JOHN
                   BALL
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, No. 185, Borough High-street. On the 23th of October, the prisoner pledged the waistcoat for five shillings, in the name of John Sanders.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner? - 
Q. Had you seen him before? - Yes, twenty times probably, he had been in the habit of pledging at our house for two or three months before the date of this; on the 1st of November we pledged the coat for a guinea.
Prosecutor. This is my coat and waistcoat, I have no doubt at all.
Bad. In the pocket of the coat was an handkerchief which he did not see at first, that Mr. Manley swore to.
Prisoner. I found the duplicates in the prosecutor's house, coming down stairs, one morning; I lodged there for about a fortnight.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)




               Transported for Seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
