






413. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WATERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILCOX
                  




               
             were indicted, the first, for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of June

, twelve trusses of hay, value 36s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Paget
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Stevenson
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  James
                   Wilcox
               



             for 


               receiving the same knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   STEVENSON
               



             sworn.
I am in partnership with Mr. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Paget
               



            , in Wardour-street, Soho, we are distillers

: On Sunday, the 12th of June, 
               
                  John
                   Crane
               



             called upon me, and gave me some information; in consequence of which, I desired him to buy some hay of the prisoner, which he did; I saw the hay afterwards, but I cannot swear to the hay, I know that I lost a great deal of hay; I had told my carman, several times, that the hay went very fast; and he said, he could not possibly use less; and when we came to examine the books, I saw that he could not possibly use less;it was taken from a rick of mine, in a field at Kentish-Town



 which belongs to Mr. Paget and myself.


                  JOHN
                   CRANE
               



             sworn.
I keep coaches at Kentish-Town: James Wilcox came to my house, on Saturday the 11th, at four in the afternoon, for change for two guineas, which I gave him; and he called me out into the the garden, and told me he had seven trusses of hay to dispose of on Monday; I asked him if it was good, for it must be if I had it; he did not say any thing about the price, nor I neither; I told him to send it on the Monday about ten o'clock, and I should be ready to take it in; I saw Wilcox again on the Sunday, and he told me he should send it in; but instead of seven trusses there were twelve; he told me he had bought them at two shillings a truss, and I should have them for half-a-crown; I told him I would have it; on the Monday morning, about five o'clock, when I got up, there was the hay upon my premisses.
Jury. Q. Had you known him before? - A. Yes, four or five years; I did not see him again till he was taken up; I took a lump of it and patterned it with Mr. Stevenson's rick; there is not such hay within six miles of London, any where, it is so very fine, and full of clover, very nice brown hay; I could not find such a load of hay, I believe, for six pounds, if I was to go to market.
Jury. Q. Did you ever buy any hay before of Wilcox? - A. Yes; if I wanted a truss or two, he had the privilege of the stables where he lived, at the Bull-and-gate Inn, at Kentish-Town, to buy and sell hay as he liked.
Court. Q. How was he to get hay of his own? - A. I cannot say.
Jury. Q. You knew perfectly well he was not the master of that inn? - A. He had the privilege of doing as he liked in the stables.
Court. Q. What do you mean by the privilege of the stables; did you suppose this man had a right to sell hay as he pleased out of those stables? - A. I did not know.
Mr. Stevenson. This man was ostler
 at the Bull-and-gate, and his master became a bankrupt; a man has been in possession for some time; and, I believe, the Messenger under the Commission, had given him the privilege of these stables; and I am rather apprehensive, in consequence of that privilege, he has made a very improper use of it.
Jury. (To Crane.) Q. How often may you have gone to him for hay? - A. Never, except I was short of hay, and wanted a truss or two; he sold to a great many people in the town.


                  ROBERT
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I was going home on Sunday morning, about two o'clock, and met a man with a truss of hay, he is not here present, he was coming up to town from the place where this rick of hay stood; I went on a little further, and met another man with another truss, that was the prisoner, Waters, I did not say any thing to him, I am sure he is the man; I watched them both into the Bull-and-gate, I thought it a very strange time to carry hay in, and I went over the hedge to see if there were any trusses gone, and I got under the hedge, and saw two men come and fetch three more trusses away, and throw them over the corner of the field, and I went home; I did not see where they took them to, but they went the same way; the next morning, I asked my master whose rick it was; and he told me it belonged to one Mr. Stevenson; my master, Mr. Crane, went and told Mr. Stevenson of it.


                  EDWARD
                   STYLES
               



             sworn.
I am carman to Messrs. Stevenson and Paget: On Monday the 13th of March, my master ordered me to go and look at the rick, since I went for two load of hay from there; there were three cuts down off the rick, between last Thursday was a week, and the 13th.
Q. Can you say the hay taken from the rick was like that you saw at Mr. Crane's? - A. Yes; it was exactly like it; it was a little brown, and very fine short hay.
Waters's defence. I never saw this hay, I was in bed at the time.
Waters, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 35.)





               Confined six months in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined 1s.
            

Wilcox, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 36.)




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
