





283. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SAMUEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of May
, a dimity cloak, value 5s. a bed tick, value 20s. a bolster tick, value 5s. two pillow ticks, value 5s. three yards of muslin, value 9s. a pair of callico sleeves, value 1s. two muslin caps, value 2s. a linen table cloth, value 1s. two linen aprons, value 2s. a silk cloak, value 6s. and two silver table spoons, value 15s. the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Hodges
                     




                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  HENRY
                   HODGES Sworn
               



            .
Q.Where do you keep house? - Chiswell-street. Moorfields, No. 17


.
Q.Were you robbed at any time? - Yes, on the 10th of May, Sunday morning, of Sundry articles, by forcing open the shutter of the parlour window, in the front of the street.
Q. When did you make that first discovery? - Between seven and eight in the morning, when I came down stairs.
Q. Did you lose the things in the indictment out of the parlour? - Yes, out of that parlour. From the description given from the servant that lived opposite, the prisoner was taken into custody. Nothing has been found.
Q. When did you see these articles last before you missed them? - They were seen the day before.
Q. By yourself? - Part of them, not all of them.
Mr. Knapp. You were not fortunate enough to recover any of your property. What had you seen the day before? - The bed tick and the bolster tick.
Q. What may be the value of the whole? - Two guineas. The bed tick and the bolster tick were sent to be viewed. We were about purchasing of them, they were valued at two guineas by the person that sent the bill.
Q. Were they old or new things? - New.
Q. Here is a dimity cloak, what is the value of the cloak? - It is specified there in the indictment.


                  WILLIAM
                   PEACH
               



             Sworn.
I am a police officer belonging to the office in Worship street, on Friday evening, the 15th of this present month, I went in company with another officer, belonging to the said office, to apprehend the prisoner at the bar, to the Walcham-cross public house, Petticoat-lane.
Q. Did you find any thing on him? - I did not search him, he was brought up to the Public office, in Worship-street; I left it to the other officer; the other officer is not bound over.


                  MARY
                   HOSHAW
               



             Sworn.
Q. Do you live in the neighbourhood of Mr. Hodges? - Yes. On Sunday morning, the 10th of May, I got up about four o'clock and looked through the window, and saw the prisoner at the bar, I live servant at one Mr. Dottle.
Q. Does he live opposite to the house of the prosecutor, Mr. Hodges? - Yes.
Q. Is it a very wide street? - Not very wide. I see the prisoner at the bar looking on the shutters of Mr. Hodges.
Q. Did he put the shutters to? - Yes, and he opened them, and then he walked off as far as Lamb's-passage.
Q.How far is Lamb's-passage fromyour house, a hundred yards? - No, very near; he walked backwards and forwards several times; in a short time he returned again and opened the shutters, and looked in again, and he received a piece of iron from a person that appeared to be inside.
Q. Was it a man or a woman within, did you see? - I did not see the person that time, and he walked off and put the shutters to again, I looked and I see him return, and give a man a piece of iron at the end of Lamb's-passage, and they both walked down Lamb's-passage together. In a short time the person who received the piece of iron came back again, and walked past Mr. Whitbread's brewhouse, then the prisoner returned again in a short time; he came back and opened the shutters, and I see a man pitch two large bundles on the inside of the ledge of the window. The prisoner at the bar beckoned to a person to receive a piece of iron, and he received it from him, and the prisoner received one of the bundles, and then the person on the inside got out, and took the other, and the boy put the shutters to again, and they all three went down Lamb's-passage together, and I saw no more of them. I am perfectly sure the prisoner at the bar is the boy.
Jury. Did you know the lad before? - No, not to my knowledge.
Mr. Knapp. You was up two pair of stairs, and the window not open, of course you was looking down upon him? - Yes.
Q.Had he a round hat on? - Yes, he had.
Q.This was in Chiswell street? - Yes.
Q. Have you any watchmen there? - They were not in the street then.
Q. Any patrol? - I don't know.
Q. Don't you remember that before the magistrate a patrol appeared, and he was asked whether he could swear to the prisoner, and he could not? - The patrol was not there when I was there.
Q.Chiswell-street is a pretty wide street, is it not? - Not very wide there.
Q. Is it not as wide as the Old Bailey? - Yes, I believe it is.
Q.What part of the street is it? - Close to the brewhouse.
Q. Is it not that as wide a part as any? - I don't think it is.
Q. It was close to Whitbread's brew-house. There are a great many working all night long? - I don't know that, I am sure.
Q. Did you cry out watch? - No, I did not.
Q. You immediately went before a magistrate the next morning? - No, not till the Friday after.
Q. You never went before the magistrate at all, till you was desired by the thief-takers? - There was a person came.
Q. Did not he ask you what you knew before he went? - He did not say any thing, only that there were some prisoners taken, and he wished me to see if I knew any of them.
Q. Prisoners that were charged with robbing Mr. Hodges's house? - Yes.
Q. You had not been to make any complaint to the justice before? - No.
Q. Do you know whether any part of Mr. Whitbread's servants or family was up at this time? - No, I do not.
Q. Did you see any body passing during all this time? - Nobody passing at all.
Q.How long a time might it occupy from the time you looked out of this window, till the time you see them all go? - About a quarter of an hour.
Q.During the quarter of the hour; did you see nobody passing? - Nobody at all.
Q. Do you mean (now you know that this boy's life is in question) to say, that from a two pair of stairs, and looking down on the boy, you can swear to him? - Yes, he attracted my notice so much that I can swear to him.

Prisoner. I was at home at my master's at that time.


                  DANIEL
                   AUSTIN
               



             Sworn.
I am a patrol in Bunhill-row. The watch goes off at four o'clock in the morning. I was going off the night this robbery was committed; I went down Bunhill-row, across Chiswell-street; I stopped at the pump, to get a draft of water.
Q. How far is that pump from Mr. Hodges's house? - About twelve or fourteen doors. I see a man, after I drank the pump water, advance towards me, a tall man, and made a full stop, and walked back; which I thought very suspicious. He then immediately crossed over the way from where he was, to Grub-street, and stopped there to make water. I went slowly after him. He looked round at me. After he had done, he crossed over the way to me, and went down Bunhill-row and through Cherry-tree-alley, into Chiswell-street again. When he came into Chiswell street, he came up to a gentleman's door, as they told me had been robbed, and he rubbed with his finger against the door or the shutter, I cannot tell which.
Q. What distance were you from the man who was knocking at the door or the shutter, at that time? - About eight doors from him.
Mr. Knapp. How long a time were you in Chiswell-street? - I look upon it, till high on half an hour.
Q.How near were you ever to Mr. Hodges's house during that time? - I was within sight the whole time. I see a man come out of there, but that was another man that came out of there.
Q. Did you see a third man? - I never see a third man.
Q. What time was this? - About ten minutes after four when I first came up to the pump.
Q. To Hoshaw. What time do you six it to be that which you saw? - A few minutes before four struck.
Q. To Austin. Were either of these two you saw the prisoner at the bar? - No, that is not the person that I saw there. I was sent for by a police officer, to know whether I knew the two prisoners at the bar to be them that I saw in Chiswell-street that morning? - I told his lordship, that they were not the men that I saw that morning, that was one, the other I do not see here.
Q. That being one that you saw at the police office, was he one of these men that you saw that night? - No. He was not.
Q. You say it was ten minutes after four when these men walked up to you? - Thereabouts.
Q. You say one knocked at a door, or shutter? - Yes, and another came out about three minutes afterwards.
Q.How came you not to stop them? - When he came out from there, he had such a clean shirt, clean neckcloth, I thought the one had called the other up to go and take a walk out, it being so fine a morning.
Jury. Did not you venture to speak to him? - Never spoke a word.
Q. Did you see the state of the house? - Yes, I did, and I saw it was all fast.
Q. Did any part of the house appear to be forced? - Not by me; I only looked with my naked eye at the door.
- CHRISTMAS Sworn.
I am a shoe-maker; my wife sells salop, and that time she laid-in in the City Hospital, in the City-road.
Q. Where did you sell salop? - Facing Chiswell street.
Q. How near is that from where you sell salop to Mr. Hodges's house? - About sixty yards.
Q. Did you see any thing particular thatcaught your attention during that night? - I was out about a quarter before four, as near as I can tell.
Q. Did you see any men about that night? - Not to my knowledge. A person came to me, on Friday evening last, and asked me if any body was there that sold salop. He said, I must come to the magistrate's office in Worship street immediately; and after I was sworn, the justice asked me if I recollected any body that came up to my stall that morning in a brown coat, a tall man? I told him I did not.
Q.Did you ever see the prisoner at the bar in Chiswell-street that night? - I did not.
Q. How long were you selling salop? - From a little before four till nine o'clock.
Q. Do you know Lamb's-passage? How far may that be from you? - That may be about a hundred yards.




               GUILTY, of larceny only
            . (Aged 14.)




               Transported for Seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
