






546. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, one man's cloth coat, value 5 s. one waistcoat, value 2 s. two pair of sattinet breeches, value 5 s. one body, value 6 d. a shirt, value 12 d. twelve plates, value 12 d. a dish, value 6 d. four salts, value 12 d. a mustard pot, value 3 d. a bottle, value 4 d. a money scale case, value 12 d. and sundry other things, value 7 s. 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Brown
               




            .


                  ANN
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
On the 29th of May I was going out to work: I left the prisoner to take care of the house, and the children: I told her I would give her sixpence and some victuals. I came home about eight o'clock in the evening, and found some of my things were gone; my child was at the door at play; and he said he had been with Nelly to sell the things; (enumerates the things); I was very much flurried; and some people sent for me; and I was going along the street, and there was a crowd, and she was looking out of a coach window; I took her, and gave charge of her to the watchman; I came back and searched, and found the remainder of my things were gone: she was taken to the watch-house: I found some of my things again; they are here: she lodged in my house: the things were found at a house in East-smithfield; the person is here.


                  JOHN
                   HURN
               



             sworn.
I am a broker. (Produces the things); I bought them of the prisoner at the bar: the next day Mrs. Brown came and owned them, and they were taken to Mr. Justice Staples; I gave eighteen-pence for them: the prisoner said they were her own.
Mrs. Brown. These are part of my things.
Harn. I am not able to swear to the prisoner; I never saw her before.
Court. Do you believe her to be the woman? - I believe her to be the woman; she is like the woman: I told the justice I could not positively swear to her: I knew the child again directly I saw it.


                  RICHARD
                   LACEMAN
               



             sworn.
I was at the watch-house. I searched her, and found a small pocket book, and sixteen duplicates in it; I gave them to Mrs. Brown.
Mrs. Brown. They are my duplicates.


                  THOMAS
                   PENTELOW
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman: I took charge of her.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I found these duplicates. I cannot read. The child was playing with them: I did not know who they belonged to.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.
