






110. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PARTRIDGE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PRIEST
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of December
, two trusses of hay, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Dennett
               




            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys).


                  GEORGE
                   DENNETT
               



             sworn. - I am a cow-keeper
 in Gray's-inn-lane


; the prisoner, Priest, had been my servant

 four years, he had been in the yard seven years; the other prisoner had been a servant to me about two months: I had lost hay five nights preceding this; I went into the hay-loft on the night of Monday the 11th of December, and counted the trusses; on the Tuesday morning they were to go beyond Brentford for turnips, they were to go about two in the morning; I got up at four, and examined the loft, I missed two trusses or have, there were sixteen the night before; they always have a sufficient quantity of hay given them every night before they go a journey; when I got up, my foreman, Chorley, gave me information, and I immediately went to Hatton-garden office; in consequence of that, I went on the road, and met them coming back with the waggon, and had them apprehended, we had two officers with us; I took Priest with one officer, and Partridge with the other; I asked Partridge what he did with the hay that he took out in the morning; he hesitated some time, and said, he did not take any out; I said, it was of no use to deny it, for Chorley saw him take it out; he hesitated some time, and then told me he had sold it to George, the ostler, at the public-house at Bayswater.
Q. At the time he said this, was Priest within hearing? - A. No.
Q. Did you ever give him authority to dispose of any hay to any body? - A. No.
Q. What is the value of two trusses? - A. It cost me four shillings; it was old clover.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You took the prisoners before they had come back as far as Bayswater? - A. Yes.
Q. I believe you told him, that Priest was a d-d rascal, and he would transport him, but if he would tell you who the receiver was, you would let him off, because he had a family? - A. No; I told him, I should be glad to catch the receiver.
Q. Did not you say, you would not prosecute him, if he told you who the receiver was? - A. No, I did not; I said, I would rather have the receiver than him.
Q. Did you not endeavour to make a witness of him before the Magistrate? - A. I asked Mr. Bleamire's advice about it, and he was sworn.
Q. In consequence of that, the receiver was taken up? - A. Yes; but the Justice said, there was not sufficient evidence.
Q. Had you seen any hay given to these men for their journey? - A. Yes; I saw hay laid out for them the night before, more than the horses could eat.


                  EDWARD
                   CHORLEY
               



             sworn. - I sat up to watch the premises: About half an hour after two in the morning, I saw Priest unlock the loft-door, I had a view of both the stables and the loft; he called out to Partridge, who was about twenty yards from him, and then he gave Partridge a truss of clover; and then Partridge took it to the stable; then Priest threw another truss down, and Priest and Partridge took that into the stable; then they took the two shaft horses out, and went to fetch the waggon out, they were going to the other side of Brentford; they put three trusses of clover into the waggon; one truss we always allow them over night, which is plenty for the horses during their journey; then they put the other horses to, and drove off; I followed them till they got to Bayswater, and there they made a stop; one was in the waggon, and the other driving; the driver took out one trufs of hay, and threw it into the public-house yard, at Bayswater, and then he came back again, and took another truss, and took it into the same yard; then he took his whip, and went off directly, the other two remained in the waggon; then I went into the yard to see if I could find it, I could see nobody up; I found one of the trusses standing up end-ways in the corner, but the other I could not find; I came back and told my master, and he got two officers, and we went to meet them.

Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. How many horses were there? - A. Six.
Q. How many miles is it to the place where they were going for the turnips? - A. Ten or a dozen, I believe.
Q. Is one truss sufficient for six horses? - A. Yes, plenty.
Q. Were there any other horses in the stable at the time they took the trusses into the stable? - A. Yes; and I afterwards saw them put them into the waggon.
Q. What distance might you be from the men, when you saw them at Bayswater? - A. Not one hundred yards.
Q. Then if you could see them, they could see you? - A. They might, I cannot say.
Q.When you went into the yard, you could find but one truss? - A. No; where the other was deposited, I do not know.
Court. Q. Did you look to see if the lost door was locked before you went after them? - A. Yes, it was.


                  GEORGE
                   LONGDEN
               



             sworn. - I am an officer belonging to Hatton-Garden; I took Partridge into custody, and my brother officer took the other; when I brought Partridge along with me, before we got to Bayswater, he said, his partner and him had once or twice before stole hay from their master, and he said, it was his partner that persuaded him to do it, they were taken to the office and committed.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. What did you say to Partridge before this? - A. I asked him how he could be guilty of such a thing, to rob his master.
Q. Was Mr. Dennett present? - A. Not at that time.
Q. You heard him say something about the receiver? - A. I did not hear of that till afterwards.
Q. Do you mean to say, the man accused himself without any temptation being held out to him? - A. Yes.
Partridge's defence. It is very false about two trusses of hay being taken out of the lost, there was but one.
Priest's defence. There was but one, and I never took a bit out of the yard.
The prisoner Priest called two, and Partridge three witnesses, who gave them a good character.
Partridge was recommended to mercy by the prosecutor, on account of his having a large family.
Partridge, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 52.)





               Confined six months in the House of Correction
            , and 



               fined 1s.
            

Priest, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 50.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
