





67. 
               
                  RANDAL 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of December
, a canvas bag, value 1d. half a guinea and 2s. in monies numbered
            , the goods and monies of 
               
                  James 
                  Mackay
               




            .


                  JAMES
                   MACKAY
               



             sworn.
I am in no business. I live at Deptford. On Monday the 8th of December, between the hours of five and six in the evening, I was going up the stairs of the two shillings gallery of the playhouse in Covent-garden


, and on the stairs the prisoner at the bar, along with one or two more, I cannot justly say, they made one sally at my pocket before they got the money. I had my hand in the pocket where the money was, the left hand pocket. I said, you have no occasion to crowd so very much, it is time enough.
Q. What do you call making an attempt? - They tussled me and crowded me against the side of the stairs. The second time this Randal Smith he got one arm under my arm, lifted my arm up, and with the other hand he got the canvas bag out of my pocket; I am sure it was the prisoner. I collared him directly and I said, now I will hold you, and I held him till two men came and rescued him from me.
Q. Was there a good light? - Yes, and I held him two minutes, till somebody came and rescued him from me out of my hand.
Q. Are you sure it is the same? - I am. As soon as they took him out of my hands he ran down stairs, and I hallooed out stop thief, and a serjeant of the guards stopped him till I got down stairs.
Prisoner. I was up stairs on the right hand side, and he charged me with picking his pocket on the left hand side.
- HEWITT sworn.
I am a serjeant of the Coldstream regiment of guards. I was at the playhouse this evening, on Monday the 8th of December, I was serjeant of the guard; I was walking in the passage of the two shilling gallery, and I heard the hue and cry of stop thief, repeatedly; and I stood at the bottom of the stairs, thinking the first person that came down would be the aggressor, and the prisoner came down first, and as he came down he jumped off several stairs at once, running as hard as possible, and I catched hold of him; there were several after him. When I seized him by the collar he was very strong, and he struggled with me, and desired me not to keep him; for he asked me if he looked like a thief or pick-pocket? I told him I would detain him till such time as the person came down who had lost the property.

Court to Mackay. What was it you lost? - Half a guinea and some silver; the quantity I don't exactly know.
Q. When had you seen that half guinea before? - About half an hour before.
Q. Was it in any thing? - In a canvas bag. My pocket was hauled out.
Prisoner. That Mr. Mackay, my prosecutor, was on the left hand side, and I was on the right hand side of the stair case, going up, and he said, I had picked his pocket; I said, I did not know any thing about it. He might have had his pocket picked, I make no doubt, but I know nothing about it, I declare to God.
Jury. Was any bag found on the prisoner? - There was no bag found.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 55.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
