






132. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     JUDD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     FRENCH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of December
, 20lbs. of bacon, value 7s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Chandler
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   TYRRELL
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 10, Lower-street, Islington


, with Mr. Stifford, an apothecary, very near Mr. Chandler's: On Saturday, the 30th of December, I saw the prisoners between seven and eight at night, lurking about in Cross-street, Islington, peeping in at every window, and looking down several areas, I suspected them, and watched them, I saw them go into a chandler's shop, in Upper-street, I watched them from there to Mr. Chandler's, which is a few doors farther in the same street, there was a woman in the shop, and they kept walking back wards and forwards, till the woman came out, then Judd went up to the door, Mrs. Chandler was in the shop, and he came away again, he went up several times, and came away; at last Mrs. Chandler went into the back room, Judd went up to the door, and went into the shop, the other stood on the steps; Judd then brought something out and gave to French, who went across the road with it; I followed him, and caught him near the top of Cross-street: I brought him back with the bacon.
Q. Did you watch them so near as to be certain to the person of Judd? - A. Yes.


                  ROBERT
                   HUDSON
               



             sworn. - I have a stable in Cross-street, Islington: I saw these two boys standing by Mr. Chandler's window, I suspected them, I went into the Church-yard and watched them; I had not stood there above five or six minutes before I saw Judd go up the steps, once or twice, and return again; at last he opened the door and went in, he brought something out and gave to the other boy, he held his apron up, and ran away with it across the road; I was going to run after him, when the last witness popped out of a court between him and me, he went after French, and Judd seeing that, went to turn about to run away, and came directly into my arms, (produces the bacon); I have had it ever since.


                  JOHN
                   CHANDLER
               



             sworn. - I am a cheesemonger, the corner of Mitre-court, Upper-street, Islington: I was not at home when the bacon was stole; I had such bacon as this, but it is a hard thing to swear to.
Judd's defence. I was coming home from coal-work, I know nothing at all of it.
French's defence. I picked the bacon up in the road, and this gentleman came and laid hold of me.
Judd, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 16.)
French, GUILTY (Aged 17.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
