





402. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CHAMBERS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of October
, one woollen cloth coat, value 40 s. one Marseilles waistcoat, value 3 s. one cotton ditto, value 3 s. one pair of velveret breeches, value 3 s. one pair of sattinet ditto, value 10 s. a muslin handkerchief, value 1 s. two pair of hose, value 18 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Kinslen
                        



                     
                  ; and one pair of cotton stockings, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Howden
                        



.


                  WILLIAM
                   KINSLEN
               



             sworn.
My house is in Aldersgate-street


, opposite Little Britain; I came home about nine last Saturday evening; I found my two pair of stairs front room on fire. The prisoner was my servant
; I suspected her of stealing several things. I had her taken up as soon as I had put the fire out. She was going to bed; I found in one of her shoes fourteen duplicates; her bed-room is one pair of stairs above the room that was on fire. I found many of my things upon examining at the pawnbroker's.


                  WILLIAM
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am an apprentice; I know the prisoner; she pledged a pair of breeches with me the 7th of September, a pair of stockings for 9 d. the 20th of September; the breeches are velveteen, the stockings are worsted; a coat for 6 s. 2 d. the 24th of September, and two waistcoats for 6 s.
Prosecutor. I never gave the prisoner leave to pawn any thing for me.
(The clothes produced.)


                  ANN
                   HOWDEN
               



             sworn.
I have mended my father's stockings; those stockings are mine.
(The prosecutor deposes to the coat.)
I have had the coat twelve months; I am sure it is mine.
(Prosecutor deposes to the waistcoat.)
Prisoner. I leave myself to the mercy of the Jury.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
