





468. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     YARMOUTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 28th of August
, a wooden box, value 1s. and fifty six pounds weight of soap, value 2l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wrigglesworth
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   WRIGGLESWORTH
               



             sworn.
I am a tallow chandler
, Mary-le-bone-lane, Oxford-street; I was out with my horse and cart, carrying some soap about the City, on Friday the 28th of August, and in the Borough; I believe it may be about eight o'clock, I called on an acquaintance, and he asked which way I was going home; and he got up in the cart with me, and he came to Ludgatehill


 with me; his name is Hewson, and we stopped together near Ludgate-hill about twenty minutes, and up a man came, and said, is your name - ? I forgot what name; and I said to Mr. Hewson, I don't like that man. With that myfriend got out and went on with his goods; and I went on about five yards, and I felt a sudden jerk in the cart, and I turned round; I was in Ludgate-street, I came over Blackfriars Bridge; I felt the sudden jerk at the bottom of Ludgatehill, going into Fleet-market almost; I turned my head round, and the man had got the box of soap out about three yards from the cart, or not that; I jumped out and catched him with it; the prisoner I did not catch him; I took hold of the box, and he tried to pull it away from him, and then I called out stop thief! and he let it go; with that I put the soap into the cart again, and a gentleman brought him back. He ran up a court in Fleet-street.
Q. How soon was he brought back? - Not more than a minute or two minutes, because there were so many people round.
Q. You are sure it was the prisoner? - Yes. It was as light as day almost with the moon.
Q. How had he the box? - He had it in his arm; and I believe the half hundred of soap get at one end, and I believe it slipped on his toes.
Q. How much soap was there? - It was fifty-six pounds when I weighed it, but it losed by taking about; it was upwards of fifty five pounds when I weighed it again.
Prisoner. Was there a till board to the cart? - No; and as there was none that was the reason that I catched you in it.
Q. Did you see me take it out of the cart? - I did; I turned round immediately on the sudden jerk of the cart.
Court. Did you see him pull it out? - O yes. He did not let it go till I cried stop thief!


                  JOHN
                   BOLLARD
               



             sworn.
I am constable of St. Bride's parish; I know nothing more than his being brought to the watch-house.
Q. Did you see the prosecutor? - Yes, he charged him with taking half a hundred of soap. The prisoner's behaviour was not altogether decent at the time; he denied it. The box I have had in my possession ever since. The soap was delivered to the prosecutor by the direction of Alderman Clarke.
Prisoner. I would wish to ask him whether the prosecutor did not say he was not sure whether I was the man or no? - I do not remember that. I know he he said before the alderman, that he had hardly occasion to look at him.
Court to Prosecutor. Had you seen him for any length of time at the tail of your cart? - No, only when he tried to struggle with me for the box.
Prisoner. I had come from Machee's, the callico printer, where I work, in Surry; coming through Bridge-street I heard a calling out of stop thief! and I ran with the rest of the people that were running through Bride's passage, and in Harp-alley; I had not got any further than Harp-alley before some people ran beyond me and some behind me, and some people said, where is the man that stole the soap out of the man's cart; I said, I believe he is gone on. Then two men came up and said, they believed I was running; and they took me back to the cart, and asked who was robbed? somebody asked the prosecutor whether he knew the man? he said he did not know whether he knew the man or no; and he said the same before the constable of the night; but he said coming along Bridge-street, a man came behind him, and took the box of soap out of his cart, and he was not sure whether I was the man or not. With that they, no doubt, persuaded him I was the man, which when he came before the magistrate he swore that I was the man that took the soap out of the cart. He told the magistrate, that in Bridge-street three men spoke to him. The justice asked him whether he lost the soap where three menspoke to him? Yes, says he, I lost the box at the very place; says the magistrate, was this man with the men that spoke to you? and he said he was not with the men at the time. I never was in such a place in my life before; I am quite innocent of it, I know no more of it than any thing. I have had people to appear to my character every day in the week, and there was no bill found against me till yesterday morning, and I sent them home.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
