





92. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     DICKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of December
, two linen bed curtains, value 2s. two check linen window curtains, value 2s. a pair of linen sheets, value 2s. a woollen blanket, value 12d a flat iron, value 18d. a bed quilt, value 2s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Webb
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  PARTHENIA
                   WEBB
               



             sworn.
I live at Dartmouth-row, Westminster


; I live along with my father, he is a housekeeper. On the 17th of November, that woman took our lodging.
Q. What business is your father? - He is a carpenter
 by business, he keeps a broker's shop
; on the 17th of November she took the room of me furnished, she was to pay me three shillings and sixpence a week for the ready furnished room.
Q. Describe what furniture was in it at the time you made the contract? - There was a pair of window curtains, linen, white and green.

Q. Were they check window curtains? - Yes. There was a pair of bed check curtains linen, a pair of linen sheets, a pair of flat irons, one blanket, a quilt the same as the curtains, linen. On the 18th of last month, December, I went up to ask for my flat irons, and she shut the door in my face, and said she would bring them down; I insisted on having them out, I told her I wanted them, and I insisted on going into the room, and as soon as I went into the room I saw the room was stripped of all the things that were in it; I sent for a constable and had her taken up.
Q. You acquainted your father I suppose? - Yes, and the constable found several duplicates of my things on her.
Q. When did you see that property again? - I think it was on Thursday. I took her up on the 18th, and on the 20th I see the things at the pawnbroker's shop.
Q. What is that pawnbroker's name? Davis. They are in court ready to be produced.
Q.Where is your father? - He knows nothing at all about the property, he leaves it all entirely to me, he would not know them if he was to see them.
Q. Have you a mother living? - No, I have no mother.


                  RICHARD
                   DESSOL
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner at the bar pawned two flat irons with me, on the 17th of December.
Q. You gave her a duplicate? - I did, the constable has got them.
Q. Did she pawn any thing else with you? - Nothing else.


                  WILLIAM
                   MESSENGER
               



             sworn.
On the 18th of December last, I was sent for to the house of Webb's, in Dartmouth-row, and was informed that the prisoner had robbed her lodgings; I searched the woman and found between fifty and sixty duplicates, among which were several that led to the discovery of several of these articles now produced.
Dessol. I am sure they are the same that I took in of that woman; the tickets were sewed on them as soon as I took them in.
Q. Look at the duplicate that, belongs to the iron, and tell me whether that is your duplicate? - That is the duplicate I gave to the prisoner.
Webb. These are my father's irons, I have had them a great while in the house, and used them much.
Q. to Messenger. What other duplicates have you that respect this property? - Here is one for a curtain at Davis's, the 10th of December, and another on the 6th of December, says curtains, it don't say how many; the 19th of November, a quilt; the same day, a sheet; the 22d of November, a sheet.


                  MARTHA
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I lived in Broad St. Giles's, I am moved now.
Q. Did the prisoner at any time pawn things with you? - She pawned several articles which the constable has mentioned, but I took in but two of them myself.
Q. Who took in the other two? - I cannot say which of my lads it was, but I have produced all I have in her name here.
Q. What are the articles? - Two bed curtains, on the 6th of December, I took them in myself, and a bed quilt.
Q.You are sure it was the prisoner that brought them in? - Yes; I asked her if they were her own? she said she never pledged any thing belonging to any person but herself. The ticket of the bed quilt is fell off some how, but I am sure I took it in of the prisoner; I have found it now, it is the 19th of November.
Q. to Messenger, Shew her the twoduplicates that relate to these things found on the prisoner.
Q. To Davis. Were those two duplicates given to the prisoner? - They were.
Webb. Were these curtains let to this woman as part of the furniture of the lodging? - Yes, they were.
Q. To Davis. With respect to the other goods, you can only say they are goods pawned in the name of Elizabeth Dickson? - No, they were pawned in the name of Mary Smith, they are none pawned in her own real name, but all in the name of Mary Smith.
Messenger. Them in the Armory, pawned at Mr. Wright's, are in the name of Elizabeth Nix.
Q. To Davis. What do those goods consist of, that you did not take in personally? - A tea kettle; two sheets, in two different tickets, one for eighteen-pence, and the other for a shilling, the one is the 22d of November, and the other is the 19th.
Q. And the tickets found on the prisoner correspond? - They are cut one from the other, they must match the same as a bank note.
Q.Was there any thing else besides these two separate sheets? - Yes, one window curtain, the 10th of December.
Q. The ticket and the duplicate tally? - Yes, they all do that.
Q. To Webb. Look at these effects, and tell me whether they are part of the effects let to this woman, as part of the furniture of her lodgings? - Yes, they are.
Davis. Mrs. Webb did see them at my house, and at the justice's, and swore to them.
Prisoner. I was very much distressed, or else I should not have done it; I never left my lodging, I only begged for the next morning, and I would replace every thing; I paid a week's rent, and six-pence off the other; I owed her but a fortnight, I never meant to leave my lodgings till I had put every thing in its place, and if she had only granted the favour till the next morning I should have put every thing in its place, but she was very much enraged against me, and ordered the door to be locked and bolted, least I should get out of the place, which I never wished to leave the place till I had replaced the things.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 13.)




               Transported for Seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
