





93.
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     COLNETT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Acton
                     



                  , about the hour of eleven in the night of the 28th of December
, and stealing a hempen bag, value 6d. 2700 halfpence, and 24 farthings, value 5l. 12s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Nichal
               



            , 
               
                  Mico 
                  Wagstaff
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Acton
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  THOMAS
                   NICHAL
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knapp. I am in partnership with Mico Wagstaff, and Thomas Acton, ironmongers



, in Cow-lane, Smithfield


.
Q. Whose dwelling-house is this? - A.
               
                  Thomas
                   Acton
               



            's, he alone resides in the house; the prisoner was our errand-boy
, I had dismissed him about ten days before the robbery: On the 29th of December in the morning, about nine o'clock, I missed from my desk in the warehouse -
Court. Q. Is the warehouse a part of the dwelling-house? - A. It is, completely.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Of the warehouse you all pay the rent jointly? - A. We all pay the rates, and the rent of the whole of the house; Mr. Acton has permission from the partners to live in the upper part of the house.
Q. Are there any partnership servants living in the house? - A. Yes.
Q. You found the desk broke open? - A. Yes, completely; then we looked to see what was gone;we missed about forty pounds weight of halfpence and farthings, I had not seen them for a considerable time before; the person whose care it was in is in Court.
 - PALMER sworn. - I am warehouseman to these gentlemen; this money was lost from a desk in the shop under my care, there were five pounds fifteen shillingsworth of halfpence and farthings, I have not counted them, they were as I received them, I missed a bag at the same time; I have seen the bag and the halfpence since, I believe them to be the prosecutor's property, on Friday morning I missed them; I saw the prisoner at the bar at the Compter, and had some conversation with him, on the Saturday.
Q. Did you say any thing to induce him to say what he did? - A. No.
Mr. Knowlys. Q.What did you say to him? - A. I asked him to explain the manner in which he had done it.
Q. Did you not tell him, you thought that his masters would be more indulgent to him? - A. I did not, nor any thing like it; he informed me, that about seven o'clock, he got over the wall into the yard, that he went into the warehouse, and concealed himself in the nail cellar; I told him, I was at work in the warehouse that evening till after eight o'clock, he told me he had cut a tackle rope, took that up stairs with him, and opened a door to an adjoining warehouse, unlocked an adjoining door, and then went out at the top of the house by opening a trap-door; he took this rope with him along the top of the house, till he came over the accompting-house; he then made this rope fast, so as to let him down into the accompting-house; he then broke the glass in the accompting-house, to unbolt the door of another accompting-house; he then got through the window from the accompting-house into the shop; he then went behind the counter, and attempted to break open the till, but without effect; he then broke off part of the flap of a desk, which I saw upon the counter, when I came down, and took twenty-three papers of halfpence; I asked him if he had taken any thing else, and he said, no, excepting the bag; he told me, he then took the ladder out of the shop, and got on to the accompting-house again; I asked him what he had done with the rope, he said, he took it with him over the wall, and threw it down a necessary, where it was found according to his description.


                  JOHN
                   WATTS
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; on the 29th of December, in the morning about two o'clock, I apprehended the prisoner in Aldgate High-street, with a bag upon his shoulder, I took him and the bag to the watch-house; the bag is in the possession of the officer.
WILLIAM BOXER sworn. - I was constable of the night, (produces a bag;) I received it from the last witness, it contains bad halfpence.
Q.(To Palmer.) Look at that bag? - A. I am certain this is my master's bag, it contains halfpence and farthings.
The prisoner called five witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing, to the value of 39s.
             but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
