





182. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cocker
                        




                     
                  , on the 25th of March
, and feloniously stealing therein a pair of leather breeches, value 10 s. and a pound and a half of red lead, value 2 d.
             the goods of the said 
               
                  John
                   Cocker
               



            .
A second count, charging him with breaking and entering the said dwelling house, with an intent to steal.


                  JOHN
                   COCKER
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
, I live in Tabernacle-row, in the City Road


; my house was broke open on Sunday evening last, about seven o'clock; I was sitting in my back parlour; I heard a noise up stairs, and I went to the stairs and called to know if there was any body above. I saw two men pass the landing from the back-room to the fore-room; I desired them to walk down stairs, which they did; 
               
                  John
                   Harris
               



             I took in the house, the other made his escape: I took him to an officer; he examined him in my presence; nothing was found upon him; almost every thing in the room was misplaced; a pair of breeches and a paper of red lead were dropped on the landing-place; they were my property.


                  MATTHEW
                   BILBY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I took the prisoner from the prosecutor.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
That house was not inhabited lately; there was neither door nor window in it; I have slept in that room three months; I did not go into the house to take any thing away.
Prosecutor. I have lived in the house about six weeks.




               GUILTY of stealing
            . (Aged 17)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


