





489. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of August
, a pewter pot, value 2s. and three pint pots, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Creswell
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   CRESWELL
               



             sworn. - I live in the New Road, St. Mary-le-bone


, I keep a public-house
: On the 15th of August, some of my pots were brought to me in a basket.
- MORLEY sworn. - I am a lead-manufacturer: On the 15th of August, between eight and nine, I put a pint pot upon the rails facing my little house, at the back of the British Constitution, near Lisson-green; I saw a young man come and take it off the rail, and go and put it in the prisoner's basket, and then he ran away; I alarmed the publican, and pursued after him; I took the prisoner with the basket to Mr. William's, and sent for a constable, and he found the pint pot. The prisoner was standing just by my little house at the time the other man put it into his basket; and then he lifted it up, and walked off. I never saw any thing of the other man after.


                  JOHN
                   BLANCHARD
               



             sworn. - (Produces a basket, containing four quart and six pint pots). I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner and the basket; I found one pot in his coat pocket besides. There were ten in the basket, and one in his pocket.
Prosecutor. Three of these pints and one quart belong to me; they have my name upon them.
Prisoner's defence. The young man that was with me, was the occasion of my being brought into the situation that I am in. I am a gentleman's servant
 out of place, and have been a long time; he was a gentleman's servant out of place also; I met with him one day, and he told me, if I would meet him the next morning, he would tell me of something to my advantage; and then he proposed this plan, he was to give me two shillings a morning, to carry the basket for him. This was the second morning that I had gone out with him; it was distress that drove me to it. The young man said, his name was 
               
                  John
                   Wilson
               



            , but I do not know where he lives.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
