





430. 
               
                  
                     GABRIEL 
                     GUIGNERY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of June
, eighty pounds weight of iron, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Smith
                     




                  , being part of a certain iron grate, fixed to a certain house and building of the said William
            .
WILLIAM SMITH sworn. - On the 23d of June, I lost a large iron grate that belongs to the area, it shuts down as a sence before the house; I was called up about six o'clock in the morning, by the man that took the prisoner; I had seen it in its proper place about eight o'clock over night; I suppose it to have weighed 120 pounds, I put it down at eighty, it was taken off the hinges.


                  RICHARD
                   COX
               



             sworn. - On Monday the 23d of June last, about five o'clock, going past Mr. Smith's house, I perceived the area open, it struck me that they could not be up at that time in the morning, and I made a sort of a stand to see; I judged that somebody had taken it away, I stepped on a few steps, till I got to Half-moon-street, and there I perceived the prisoner with the grate upon his back, tied up in a wrapper; there was a young woman with him at the time, in a long white cloak; he walked on till he came nearly to Clarge's-street, and he went on some little distance till he came to an opening, where there were some pallisadoes, and there he pitched it to rest, the woman was on the other side of the way, and she crossed over to him when he rested; I gave information of it to Mr. Southern, and he pursued him down Dover-street; I had some business in hand that I could not leave at that time.
WILLIAM SOUTHERN sworn. - I went down Bond-street, into Stafford-street, and met the prisoner with a grate on his back; I asked him what he had got there; I found it to be the grate, and I took him back to the gentleman's house with it, and knocked them up; he came along with me very quiet to Mr. Smith's house.
Q. Is the grate here? - A. It is.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Smith.) When Mr. Southern knockedyou up, did you open the cloth to see what what was in it? - A. No; not till we took it to the constable. It is produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's defence. I was going to Hyde-park-corner to see my wife in the hospital, I met with a man, who said, he would give me a shilling to carry it to Vigo-lane pitching-block, near Saville-row; I found it very heavy, and I set it down to rest, when this man came up and took hold of me, I turned back with him, and made no resistance at all; I have a wife in the hospital, and three children. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 46.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
