





496. 
               
                  FREDERIC 
                  PEYRON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of May
, three oil umbrellas, value 15s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hart
               




            .


                  THOMAS
                   HART
               



             Sworn.
I am a hatter and umbrella maker
, Bishopsgate-street


. On the 8th of last May, between twelve and one, I came home and missed three silk umbrellas, when I missed them I enquired, and I heard in what manner they were lost; I had seen them in the shop before I went out, about ten o'clock in the morning, hanging up in the shop window, or on the counter


                  MARY
                   MORRIS
               



             sworn.
I was servant to Mr. Hart at that time, but I am not now; my mistress calls me up out of the kitchen to go with this man to shew three umbrellas to some gentleman, my mistress was in the shop, she gave me the umbrellas, she did not say where I was to go but said, go with this gentleman to shew these umbrellas to some gentlemen, and bring me the money if any are sold; I went with the prisoner, and he took me to the Custom house, and when he came to the Custom house, he snatched them away from me, he says, I am going up into that room, to shew them to some gentlemen, and he went up stairs, which I went after him, he got into the room and the door was shut before I got up the stairs, when I got up the stairs I opened the door and observed a room full of gentlemen, whom I asked if there was not a man come in to shew some umbrellas? The answer they made me was, no; then I asked them what place it was? They told me it was the long room in the Custom house; which I went into the room and looked about, which there was no man to be found there, there was another door, which he went out at, which I was not acquainted with the place. The prisoner is the man.
Q. Did you ever see your umbrellas again? - No.
Hart. They have never been recovered.
Q. What is the value of them? - Sixteen shillings.
Prisoner. I promised to pay them when I received the umbrellas, I went to the shop of this gentleman, and the woman went along with me to the long room, and I told her I would pay her for the umbrellas when she delivered them to me.


                  Q. 
               


            What countryman are you? - A Swede.
Q. Who did you tell that you would pay for the umbrellas? - The mistress's servant.
Q. To Morris. Your account is that he inatched them from you; did he say that he should pay you for them? - He did not. Before he spoke to me he snatched them from under this arm, andsaid, I am going into that room; that was all the conversation that passed.
Q. You may have done a childish and foolish thing, in parting with these things to this man upon this promise of his; if you have you must say so? - He never said nothing to me, but snatched them from under my arm.
Q. To Hart. How did you find this man? - I made every endeavour I could to find him out; he was taken at Lloyd's coffee house, endeavouring to swindle a man about some china bugles; and he was advertised, and I took the girl before the alderman, and she swore to him, and gave the same account as she has now.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 48.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
