






67. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CARROLL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SUSANNAH 
                     JONES
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a printed cotton gown, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Puddiford
                  




               
            .
The prosecutrix deposed, that being just come to London, and wanting a lodging, she met the prisoner Carroll, whom she mistook for a decent woman, and asked her for a lodging, upon which she took her to 
               
                  Susannah
                   Jones
               



            's room, and she lost her gown.
VALENTINE RUMNEY sworn.
I am watch-house-keeper: the watchman is not here. About four in the morning, I went into the watch-house, and saw this young woman sitting by the fire, crying: I went to the room door where she had been robbed, but could not get in: on the 8th I took Jones in Newtoner-street, and Carroll I took out of the room.


                  WILLIAM
                   LANE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Reed, a pawnbroker. On the 8th of January, between nine and ten, I took in a gown of the prisoner Jones: the other was with her: Jones asked seven shillings on the gown: I offered her five: she agreed to take it: I asked her where she lived: it was her size, and I took it for granted it was her gown.
(The gown deposed to.)


                  CHARLES
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
I am round-house-keeper. I went to Newtoner's-lane, and Jones challenged me: and the prosecutrix said, that is one of the girls that robbed me; and she denied it: we took Poll Carroll out of bed; and she said, that was the other that robbed her.
PRISONER CARROLL's DEFENCE.
The young woman asked me in Fleet-street, where she could get a lodging; I said, the French Horn, or the Bull and Gate: she asked me to drink: we had a glass of rum apiece: she asked me to go with me: I told her mine was but a poor place: she went with me: we had gin two or three times; and at home, a pot of beer, a quartern of gin, a pint of beer, and another quartern and a half of gin: there is no fastening to the door; and the young woman jumped up, and said she had lost her gown.
Prisoner Jones. I know nothing of it.


                  MARY
                   CARROLL
               




                  SUSANNAH
                   JONES
               







               GUILTY
            ,





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
