





279. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOODHEAD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of November
, four yards of linen called Russia drab, value 6s. two russia duck frocks, value 6s. two pair of Russia duck trowsers, value 3s. four pieces of Russia duck, value 1s. two cotton shirts, value 6s. two yards of check linen, value 6s. three yards and three fourths of woollen cloth, value 15s. fifteen yards of other woolen cloth, value 2l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Darby
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  EDWARD
                   DARBY
               



             sworn.
The prisoner at the bar was my porter
, he came into my service the 23d of last May 1793, I live in Gracechurch-street, in the City


.
Q. How long did he continue in your service as porter? - Till the 23d of November.
Q. When did you first have any intelligence to suspect that you was injured? - On the 25th of March last, in consequence of that I sent down Mr. Nott after him.
Q. On looking over your stock after you had received any intelligence, did you find any articles missing? - I did not immediately.
Q. After you had sent Mr. Nott down did you find any of your goods missing? - I did.


                  HENRY
                   NOTT
               



             Sworn.
I am in the service of Mr. Darby, I have the management of his business; I went down to Gumersall, hear Leeds, in Yorkshire, to the prisoner's house; I did not find the prisoner there, I got a search warrant, and searched the house.
Q. Who accompanied you with that warrant? - 
               
                  John
                   Kershaw
               



            , that is now in Court. The prisoner's wife informed me he was in London. The warrant was executed the 20th of March last; we found the things in the bed chamber, in a box the greatest part were, and some few of the articles in a closet, in the chamber. There are two striped cotton shirts, two remnants of Russia drab, two remnants of linen check, two Russia duck strocks, one pair of Russia duck trowsers, four pieces of Russia duck, in the shape of trowsers, three remnants of brown broadwoollen cloth, containing in the whole three yards and three quarters. This was all found in the box except the linen shirt which was in the closet in another box.
Q. Were the boxes locked? - They were not.
Q. In whose custody have they been ever since? - In the custody of Mr. Kershaw.
Prisoner's Counsel. It was the 20th of March that you put the warrant in execution? - It was.
Q. It was the 23d of November that he quitted Mr. Darby's service? - It was.
Q. All the time that he was in the service of Mr. Darby, there was no suspicions against him at all of any kind? - Not immediately on him, I don't know that there was.
Q. None were found, nor you never heard of any till you went down to Gumersall; when you went there you found only his wife? - He was gone up to London.
Q. You collected there that he had been in the woollen business before? - I had no such knowledge, I had heard that he had been in business, but I don't know what.


                  JOHN
                   KERSHAW
               



             Sworn.
I am a constable, at Gumersall; I attended Mr. Nott at the search that was made at the prisoner's house, at Gumersall; I have got the things that were found, with me; I had them in my custody ever since.
Prisoner's Counsel. Have you known Mr. Woodhead long? - I knew him when he was a child.
Q. He had been in business for himself? - He was apprentice to a woollen manufacturer.
Q. How long had he quitted Gumersall before he came down the second time? - It it about this time twelve months, he sold wool, but I never heard that he was in the manufactory.
Q. Did not you know him when he lived at Blackburn? - I heard of his going there, but I don't know what business he was in there.
Nett. This is a piece of Russia drab, of the same fabrick that we had during the summer that he lived with us.
Q. Is there such fabrick to be found with other dealers? - O, yes! This is a Russia drab frock, it is an article that we supply, by contract, to government, for the navy; I know them by the measurement, we are confined to measurement in every part exactly.
Q. Have you sold any of them for common use? - To government only, we deliver them at somerset House; the sleeves are cut the cross way of the stuff, because in the very large quantity we cut it is a saving, which is not common, I do not perceive that they have any particular mark. Here is also a pair of Russia trowsers, which Mr. Darby furnishes, by contract, according to these dimensions, they are very uncommon dimensions in the trade; here is another remarkable thing, they have two seems in the legs, which seamen, in general object to, but we are obliged to make them so for government, and they have a mark on the waistband, which our people put the initials of their name on them, M. and made by Mrs. Moore.


                  JANE
                   MOORE Sworn
               



            .
I work for Mr. Darby, these pair of trowsers are my making, the M. is made with my own hand.
Q. Do you make them sort of trowsers for any body else? - Only for Mr. Darby. They have been worn, but they have been damped to get the mark out.Prisoner's Counsel. Is there any thing particular in the way of marking by you? - I can swear to my mark.
Nott. Here is a remnant of bottle green cloth, a yard and a quarter, it has no particular mark on it, I only know that we had cloth of that colour and quality at the time he was in our service; the next is a remnant of one yard and three quarters of drab cloth, I know it by the colour which is a remarkable one, the quality, the width, and the selvage; it corresponds exactly with part of the cloth which is now unsold in Mr. Darby's possession, which cloth is now at hand. The selvage is taken off all along but by chance there is one thread left on. Here is another remnant under the same circumstances; here are four pair of trowsers cut but one made up, cut according to our contract; the next is the remnant of linen check, they are the width, the quality, and the pattern that we supply the Navy by contract.
Court. Can you swear that Mr. Dalby has missed any property? - He has, I know it by taking stock, we miss a larger quantity.
Q. When did you take stock before this loss? - Christmas, 1792.
Q. When did you last take stock? - Mr. Darby took stock on receiving my letter, I was not present then, I came back the 22d of March, 1794. I examined the stock, I believe on Monday I found we were deficient in these cloths in particular. When I came back I afterwards went to the prisoner's lodgings in London.
Q. How did you ascertain them to be the prisoner's lodgings? - He was taken at his lodgings on Saturday night, and the search was made on Monday, April 24th 1794.
Q. What did you find at his lodgings? - Six or seven new coats, the fifteen yards of cloth which is in the indictment, it was made into coats.
Q. Are you able to ascertain that these coats were made of the cloth that belonged to Mr. Darby? - I do not mean to insist upon that point, in so altered a state.
Prisoner's Counsel. The last time the stock was taken was in Christmas, 1792, that was near six months before the prisoner came to live with Mr. Darby? - It was.
Q. With respect to these different articles, the cotton shirts they are of a very common sort of a pattern, and may be met with any where? - But it is very seldom that two slop sellers cut so near alike.
Q. Mr. Darby is not the only Navy contractor? - Certainly he is, there can be but one at one time.
Q. With respect to the drab cloth, do you mean to say that that is the only piece of drab cloth that was ever made of that quality? Do they make only one piece of a sort and quality? - Very rare, I believe.
Q. Does it not happen very often that the selvage is not torn all off? - It is rather remarkable.
Q. It is so remarkable that you can venture to swear that these cloths were taken from Mr. Darby? - I can and do.
Darby. I can swear to the trowsers, they are the contract sort, I never sold any in my life.
Q. Did the prisoner purchase any things of the kind of any of these things? - Never; I can swear to the drab cloth, the two drab frocks I believe are mine by the dimensions.
Q. How long have you had the contract? - I had it June, 1793, I gave it up then, and put in the lowest for it and got it again.
Q. Of whom had you the character of this man? - Of one Mr. Bailey, he was in the cotton way.
Prisoner's Counsel. Did not you understand this man before he came into your service was in business for himself? - He told me that he kept a livery stable.
Q. Did not you know when he left you, that he went down into Yorkshire in order to collect some debts? - No.
Q. He lived with you six months? - He did.
Court. Had you this contract before he went away? - I had.


                  JOHN
                   MUMFORD
               



             Sworn.
I lived with Mr. Darby, I know this woollen cloth, it was Mr. Darby's, I tore the selvedge off myself.
Prisoner's Counsel. Does no other person tare selvedges off and leave a part on? - I cannot answer to that.


                  THOMAS
                   PARROT
               



             Sworn.
I am one of the marshalmen, I know nothing but searching the prisoner's lodgings and finding these coats.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.
GUILTY,




               Of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
