





122. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BILES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of February
, a gold watch, value 20l. a gold chain, value 30s. a cornelian seal, set in gold, value 20s. and a gold key, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Macdonald
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
 in the dwelling-house
             of Charles Bigger.


                  ALEXANDER
                   MACDONALD
               



            , Esq. sworn. - The prisoner has been employed by me since the end of January last in copying writings in my lodgings, it the Spring Gardens Hotel; I have lodged there occasionally since the 16th or 18th of December; I went down to Chatham barracks, and I returned, I think, the 2d of February; the prisoner did not write in my lodgings during my absence; he did after my return; I have the honour of raising a regiment for Government, he is a recruit belonging to the regiment; he was enlisted the end of January, and attested about the 4th of February; on the 9th of February I had occasion to look for a gold watch I had deposited some days before in a portmanteau trunk; it was in my bed-room; I put it there after my return from Chatham barracks; I went to the trunk and could not find it; there was a padlock upon it; I left it locked, and I found it locked; the trunk has two padlocks; I found one on it; I am not certain whether I left more than one on it; on not finding my watch, I recollected that the day preceding, the 8th of February, on looking for some papers, that I took out this watch, and placed it on a toilet table, close by the portmanteau; of course it occurred to me, that I had not replaced it in the portmanteau, but was convinced it was stole out of the room; I made every possible search, but could not find it; and while I was preparing to go to Bow-street to lay an information, two of the Bow-street officers came into my room with the prisoner; one of them was Rivett; they enquired if I had lost any property; I replied, I had lost a watch; they said, it was found; I went with the officers to Bow-street, and my watch was produced by Mr. Purse, a pawubroker.
Q. How was the prisoner at the bar employed in your lodgings on the 8th and 9th? - A. He was there on the 8th, in the room where I left the watch.
Q. What time of the day did you see him there? - A. To the best of my recollection I did not see him there after two o'clock; he might have been there after, because I went out at that time; I did not leave him there; he went out between one and two, and told me he was going to dinner.
Q. Can you be certain that was before you went out? - A. I am certain he went out before me.
Q. Are you sure it was before or after he went out, that you laid the watch on the toilet? - A. Before he went out, an hour and a half, I believe.
Q. It's being left there was forgetfulness on your part? - A. Entirely.
Q. Did you see any more of him that night? - A. I don't believe I did; he generally stays in the office till after five; when I returned, he was not there, and I saw no more of him till he was brought to me by the officers.
Q. Who keeps this house? - A. The hotel is kept by 
               
                  Charles
                   Bigger
               



            , the coffee-house is kept by Mr. Green.
Q. They both live in this house, I suppose? - A. They both live in the house.
Q. You knew your watch again? - A. Yes; I swore to the watch and seal at Bow-street.


                  GEORGE
                   PURSE
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker in the Strand; the prisoner brought the watch to me on the 9th of this month, about eleven o'clock in the morning; he said he brought it from a gentleman to pawn; I asked him what gentleman, andhe said he lived in Westminster, next door to the Coach and Horses; I asked him the gentleman's name; he said, he did not know his name, that he had been acquainted with him about a fortnight; I told him it was not like that a gentleman, whose name he did not know, and who had been so little while acquainted with him, would trust him with a watch of that value; he begged of me to let him have the watch again, and he would tell the gentleman what I told him; I told him I could not do that, I would walk with him to the gentleman; I walked with him; he said, he lived at the Coach and Horses himself, but instead of going to the Coach and Horses, he was going over Westminster-bridge; I asked him where he was going.
Q. Where is the Coach and Horses? - A. I don't know that there is such a sign; he said, the other side of the bridge he meant where the Coach and Horses was; I told him that I would not go any farther with him, that I did not believe that he was telling me the truth; so, standing there some time, and considering whether I should go with him or not, I called to some watermen at the bridge to know if there was such a sign; they said, there was no such sign nearer than half a mile; I told him I did not believe what he was saying was true, and I would take him back again; he said, he would go back with me; I took him then to Bow-street.
Q. Did you tell him you was going there? - A. No; I told him I would send somebody with him to find the gentleman, who had more time than I had; when I took him to Bow-street, I told Justice Addington what had happened, and he sent two officers with him to find out the gentleman.
Q. Did you go with him? - A. No.
Q. Did he say what he wanted to borrow on the watch? - A. No; he asked what I would lend, and said he would let the gentleman know; I have the watch. (Producing it.)
Q. That is the watch you received of the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Macdonald. This is my watch, I know it by the name of the maker, it is capped and jewelled, and by the cut paper in the inside; it was made for me in the year 1794; the officer has the chain and seal; there is my cypher and crest on the seal.
JOHN RIVETT sworn. - On Thursday, the 9th of February, the pawnbroker, Mr. Purse, brought the prisoner to Bow-street; when the gold watch was produced before Justice Addington, the prisoner said he had it from a man over Westminster-bridge; Justice Addington desired me and another office, to go with me to find out the man; as we were going down that way, he told us he had it from Mr. Macdonald.
Q. What promse did you make him before he told you that? - A. We said, it would be better for him to tell the truth; the chain and seal we found in his waistcoat pocket.
Q. (To Purse.) Had the watch he offered you any chain and seal? - A. No. (They were produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence. I took the watch, not thinking of the consequence of it.
Prosecutor. The boy behaved very well previous to this transaction; the people in whose house he lodged gave him a good character.
GUILTY, (Aged 16.)
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
