





434. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     LANGLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of July
, a yard of callico, value 1s. 8d. and a yard of dimity, value 1s. 8d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Simpson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Simpson
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   SIMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am a linen draper

, in partnership with 
               
                  John
                   Simpson
               



            , he is no relation; I live in Welbeck-street, the property was taken from my servant in the street, John Banks.
Mr. Knowlys. Is there any body else concerned in the business but you and one Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Simpson
               



            ? - No, nobody else at all.


                  JOHN
                   BANKS
               



             sworn.
I was fifteen the nineteenth of last May.
Q. Was you sent out with any parcels by your master Mr. Simpson? - Yes, and I lost one small parcel, it contained some muslin and dimity, I believe.
Prosecutor, He knew nothing what was in the parcel; it contained a yard of muslin and a yard of dimity.
Mr. Knowlys. Did you make up the parcel yourself? - Certainly.
Court to Banks. How did you lose it? - I was going down Dean-street, St. Ann's, Soho, with three parcels, two under my arm and one in my pocket; it was about one o'clock in the day; as I was coming within a few doors of Compton-street I found an attempt at the parcel in my pocket, it was tried to be taken out; I found three men about me, 
               
                  Isaac
                   Langley
               



             was one of them, they were all about me, and one of them catched at it, but it was not out, I don't know which it was; then I felt at my pocket, and found the parcel there, then I walked on lower down, the men all kept on walking some before and some behind me; when I got within six doors of Compton-street they all surrounded me, the prisoner was one of them, but Inot hear any conversation pass between the prisoner and the other men, but I did with the other two, but they were all in company together from the first to the last; when I got within six doors of Compton street I found the attempt again, I turned about and found the parcel gone; they were all three together then, they were all walking on together, they all surrounded me together; before they made the second a tempt at the parcel, one of the other two said to the prisoner and the other, what is that market place there? and then I directly took hold of this man, and the other man went away I could not get hold of the others, I held him till twenty people came round me.
Q. Do you know which of the three it was hat made the first inatch? - It was not this man.


                  Q. 
               


            Nothing was found on the prisoner? - No, nothing.
Mr. Knowlys. You had observation of him at the first to be able to be certain that he was not the person that made the first snatch? - No, I don't think he was.
Q. I believe, when you laid hold of this man, he went very readily with you to the justice's? - He asked me what I wanted with him? and went with me to the justice's.
Court. You said there was no conversation between the prisoner and the other two, but did not one of the other two, make some observation about the market place? - One said to the other two, what is that market place?
Q. I here were mother people by you besides? - No, none at all.


                  SAMUEL
                   HICKS
               



             sworn.
I am a hair dresser I know nothing respecting the taking of it. All that I know respecting of it, is, that I was going down Dean-street, and it was between twelve and one o'clock, near one, on Friday the 14th of this month, I observed several persons standing together, I went among them and enquired what was the meaning of it, and I saw a lad had hold of the prisoner at the bar by the coat, and he told me that he had lod a parcel out of his pocket; I asked him if he was certain that this man took it? he said he was in company with two others.
Prisoner. I was going down Dean-street, and as I was passing along the young man laid hold of me, and he said he had lost a parcel, and he believed I had got it; says I. I have not got it, nor do I know any thing of the parcel but if you want any thing with me you may take me where you please.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.
Court to Banks. When the first snatch was made where was the prisoner? - He was with the other two
Q. Was the prisoner in such a situation as to see the snatch that was made at your bundle? - He must.
Q. Did you make any outcry at that time? - No, none at all.
Q. You was frightened, I suppose? - Yes, I was.
Q. When they came up to you did they come up to you altogether or separate? - Altogether.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
