







381. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILD
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               




            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of April
, a piece of gold coin called a guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   JONES
               



             sworn. - I am a blacksmith
 by trade, but having lost the sight of one of my eyes, I do not follow it. On the 23d of April, I hired the prisoner Smith to shew me about London, being a stranger, I had come to town the night before; I gave him half-a-crown for his day's work, and every thing to eat and drink that he liked; we then came home to the Three Kings public-house, in Piccadilly, where I lodged, between one and two o'clock; there we eat our dinners, and Wild and Robinson were drinking there; Smith took me into their company to drink with them; after we had dined, we all went out to take a walk, between three and four o'clock, they took me to shew me a little about London; and then we went to the George in the Hay-market


, we were drinking together there, and I had no silver to pay for what we had had; I pulled out a guinea, and put it upon the table to get change, and John Wild picked up the guinea and ran away with it; Robinson sat next to me, next the door, so that I could not get out to catch him quick enough; I said to Robinson and Smith, now he has got my guinea I shall go home, or, may be, I shall loss more, and I desired they would take me home; they said he was only gone to get change, and would be back in a few minutes; but I did not stop, I went out of the house directly, and Robinson and Smith with me; as I was going along, Robinson walked on the right side of me, and Smith on the left; I felt Smith rush against me twice, and I felt my purse drawing out of my pocket; I caught him by the collar directly, and said, you have robbed me of my purse and two guineas, he had the purse in his hand; Robinson then said to Smith, give him his purse; and in the course of a minute, he gave me the purse and one guinea.
Q. Are you sure there were two guineas in it after you had said the other guinea down upon the table? - A. Yes; I said to Smith, now I have got you, you have robbed me, and I will have you confined, and then Robinson ran away immediately; I took Smith back to the George, where we had been drinking before, and sent for a constable; the patrol and constable came, their names are Woodley and Evans, I gave them charge of Smith, and he was taken to St. James's watch-house, and the next morning to the Magistrate; I gave a description of the other two, and they have been taken since; I knew them again perfectly well.


                  ROBERT
                   WOODLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable of St. James's parish: On Monday night, the 23d of April, I was at the watch-house, and was told I was wanted directly in the Haymarket; I went down, and Rice Evans, the patrole, was there with the prosecutor, who gave charge of Smith; he said he was not guilty, and would go willingly; I did not search him, I took him to the watch-house; I took the other two prisoners upon another charge.


                  RICE
                   EVANS
               



             sworn. - I was a patrole at that time; I went down to the George, I was there before the constable; when I got there, this countryman had Smith in custody, he charged him with robbing him of his purse and a guinea; Mr. Woodley came about ten minutes after; he told him the affair, and we took him to the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM
                   PAYNE
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I attended the Opera-house that night very near the George, I was told that I was wanted to take charge of a man that was in custody for picking a man's pocket of a purse, with two guineas in it; I went to the George, and there I saw Robinson and Wild; I knew Robinson very well by the name of Ground Ivy, I did not know him by any other name; I went in, and Ground Ivy was leaning with his elbow upon the bar; Wild was standing on his left hand almost facing the front of the bar; I went between the two, I turned round and looked Robinson in the face very hard, and perceived that one of his eyes was black; then I looked to my left and observed Wild with a brown coat on, I did not know him so well as I did the other; I went straight forward past the bar into the kitchen of the public house, I returned back, took a second view of them, and asked the landlady who it was that wanted a constable; oh, sir, says she, that business is all settled, they have taken the man to the watch-house that you were sent for to; she meant Smith; then I spoke to Robinson, alias Ground Ivy, and said, how do you do, master; he said, how are you; that was all that passed at that time; I saw no more of them that night; the next day, Tuesday, I was at Marlborough-street Office, when 
               
                  John
                   Smith
               



             was examined; and after he was examined, I asked the countryman how it was he was robbed; he told me, he had employed this John Smith to shew him the nature of the town, that he had introduced him to the other two men; that they had had him about from place to place till he had lost his guinea, and then afterwards lost his purse; he told me what kind of men they were; his description was that of the other two prisoners at the bar;I told him I knew them very well, for I saw them at the public-house. After Smith was taken to the watch-house, I went in quest of them, with the countryman, on Tuesday afternoon, to several places, to see if I could find them; I went to several public-houses, but could not find them that day; I could not find them on the Wednesday; the Monday following after that, I saw them both at the watch-house, Woodley, the constable, had got them as his prisoners; I asked him, what have you got these two men for, I wanted them myself; why, says he, for robbing a man of a pocket-book and two five puonds notes; says I, what are you going to do with them; he said, to take them to the Magistrate's; says I, do you think they will go with you quietly alone without their hands being tied; and he said, I believe they are; their hands were tied, and they were taken before Mr. Conant, at Marlborough-street and as soon as the countryman saw them, he said they were the men.
Wild's defence. I never saw that man before in my life, it was a man named Fred, not me.
Smith's defence. I attend the mails; this countryman came up with the Oxford mail, very much in liquor, on the 21st of April; he was so much in liquor that he fell off the top of the coach; I went and got him a bed at the request of the coachman; he laid a bed till ten o'clock, he got up, and said he was very well, he should have some breakfast; and he wanted to go to different parts of the town, to buy an organ, and I shewed him into Cheapside and Holborn; he could not find one for his price; we came back to th Three Kings, and there was Robinson, and a man they call Fred, and the countryman, all playing at cards, and drinking and tossing; he went away after that, with a strange man, a barber, to see for an organ, for an hour and a quarter; then they agreed to go to the George, in the Haymarket; what I had I paid for myself; the countryman pulled out a guinea, and Fred. the man that is not here, that Wild is here for, went out to get change; I never saw Robinson before in my life; I had seen Fred. twice before; then he said, he would go and look for his guinea, he pulled out his purse, and stood by the door sometime with his purse in his hand; Robinson and he went to see after the guinea, and I followed them behind, I am lame; I heard them talking about his having lsot his purse. Just as we got to the corner of Orange-street, there was a light in a shop window, and there was the purse on the ground, I showed it to him, and then he said, there was a guinea gone out of it, and Robinson ran away, and he took hold of me, and said, he would have me.
Robinson's defence. I was drinking along with Fred. at the Three Kings. and we were drinking and playing at cards, and tossing, when the countryman and Smith came in; he lost five shillings at cards, and then he took us to the Geroge where we got drinking again; and he took out a guinea to pay for what we had had, and Fred. ran away with it.(One of the Jury said, be was a near neighbour, and that the George was an in famous house)
Wild, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 22.)
Smith, GUILTY (Aged 32.)
Robinson, GUILTY (Aged 22.)






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
