





311. 
               
                  
                     ANN JUDITH 
                     ROY
                  . otherwise ANN JUDITH 
TAYLOR





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the the 27th of May
, a linen frock, value 1s. 6s. and stuff skirt, value 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Timothy 
                     Martin
                  




               
            .


                  ANN
                   MARTIN
               



             sworn.


                  Q. 
               


            Are you the wife of Timothy Martin? - Yes; I keep the house, and pay for it weekly; my husband is on board a man of war.
Q. Where do you keep house? - Blue Coat fields, No. 6, Shadwell. On Witsun Thursday the woman behind me, 
               
                  Rebecca
                   Redman
               



            , and me went out together, and we came home together to Shadwell, and the first house in Shadwell we came to we went in and had a pint of beer; I believe it was about half an hour after eight in the evening, having the pint of beer, this here woman, the prisoner, sat in the box facing the door, going in, and she seemed to make very fond of my child, and was playing, with it; she took the child out, and what she did with the property I cannot say.
Q. Then she took the child out of the public house? - Yes.
Q. Was it a boy or a girl? - A girl. She took it out, she said, for to buy her a halfpenny worth of bulls eyes sweet super things; and my other child! earing of that, followed her out, and she gave my other child two of these bulls eyes, and told her to go home to her mammy, for that she was too old for her. I suppose about five minutes after I missed my child, and I was looking for it every where; there was a woman in the house told me she knew her, and that her name was 
               
                  Judith
                   Taylor
               



            ; and says I, if you will go along with me and shew me where this woman lives I will give you sixpence. This was a woman that was in the house; I don't know her name.
Q. In consequence of this information and going after her, did you find her? - Yes, on the Sunday night following she came in my way, I met her between Execution Dock and Gun Dock, in Wapping, but the woman I could not swear to, but only by the appearance of her dress, I thought she was the same person, I stopped her, and she owned to the child directly.
Q. Was that the woman that you stopped? - Yes, that is the same woman that I stopped, and she owned to the child; I passed her for about twenty yards; Mrs. Redman was with me, and I said to Mrs. Redman, do you turn back and ask that woman whether her name is not Jodith Taylor? and she did, and when I came up to her she told me the child was at home; I brought her into Ratcliffe-highway, then she said she gave it to a woman in a brown camblet gown in the Blue Coat-fields; now, says I, tell me the truth, whether my child is at home or no; and she said she left it in Ratcliffe-highway; so she did, she left it at Mr. Dawson's cellar window, near Old Gravel-lane, and the child knew the maid of the public house, and asked her to carry her to her mother; and when I went home I found the child was taken home to my mother's.
Q. You had her detained I suppose? - Yes, I never let her depart all the time.

Q. Was the child old enough to give any intelligence? - No, but she knew the maid of the public house.
Q. Were the same things on the child when it was lost, as when it came home? - No.
Q. What was missing? - A green callimanco striped skirt, and a dark linen frock.
Q. Was it a stuff skirt? - Yes.
Q. You are perfectly sure that the child was in that dress when taken from the public house? - Yes, and I have got the same dress to shew; we have got them in court. As soon as ever we came before the justice, she owned directly that she pawned them at Deptford.
Q. Was that examination taken in writing? - Yes. I will swear to the property.


                  REBECCA
                   REDMAN
               



             sworn.
I went out with Mrs. Martin, and we went into a public house, Mr. Nuttall's, in Ratcliffe-highway, the Bull's Head, and had a pint of beer, and the child was running about.
Q. How far is that from Blue Coatfields, Shadwell? - Not a great way; I see the child in a woman's arms, and the child was missing.
Q. Were you with Mrs. Martin on Sunday, when the child was found? - Yes; and I laid hold of the prisoner, between Execution Dock and Gun Dock; I did not know the woman, but the mother said, from the appearance, that was the woman, and I followed her, and took hold of her, and asked her if her name was not Judith Taylor? then I looked at the man that was with her, and I knew him to be the man that was her husband; and I said to Mrs. Martin, this is the woman, for this is the man that is her husband; and Mrs. Martin directly runs up to the woman, and says, where is my child; she bid us let her go; we would not let her go; and when we got home, the child was a bed at Mrs. Martin's mother's house.
Q. Did Mrs. Martin charge an officer with the prisoner? - Yes.
Q. Was any thing missing from the child? - The frock and skirt were off the child, and a check apron round the child, made into a gown.
Q. Did she say any thing about the child? - She said she gave it to a woman in a camblet gown.
Q. You have seen the frock and skirt since? - Yes, it is here in court.
Q. Shall you know it to be the same that the child had on, when you see it? - Yes.
Prisoner. The prosecutrix asked me if I had half a guinea at that present time, and she would not say any thing about it, but if not she would do the utmost of her power against me.
Prosecutrix. I never spoke to her about it, it is false; this woman's sister came to my place, and went down on her knees, and asked whether I would make it up for half a guinea? and I did agree to it with the sister, but not with the prisoner, if they would shew me the things.
Q. Upon what condition did you offer to make this up? - I wanted to see the clothes.


                  WILLIAM
                   FORDYCE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce a green skirt; I got it of the prisoner at the bar on the 28th of May; it was pawned the night the child was stole, between nine and ten o'clock; I never see her before; I am sure of her person; I gave her a duplicate, it was pawned for eight-pence; the officer, Ross has got it; it was taken out of our house the 1st of June following, by a man and woman, not the prisoner; but the magistrate called on me to bring mybook forward, to know when it was pledged.


                  Q. 
               


            Should you know the skirt again when you see it? - Yes.


                  GEORGE
                   BARBER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce a child's cotton frock; they have called it linen in the indictment, but it is cotton. It was pledged the 29th of May, by a woman, in the name of Roy.
Q. Do you know whether the prisoner was the woman? - To my recollection she was not.
Q. You gave a duplicate? - Yes; I delivered it to a person, I don't know who; it was taken out of pledge.
Q. Should you know it again if you were to see it? - I should not.


                  GEORGE
                   ROSS
               



             sworn.
I am a headborough of St. Paul's, Shadwell; I took the prisoner on Sunday, the 30th of May, and I put her in the watch-house, and took her before the justice the next morning; I was sent by the magistrate to the prisoner's sister's house, for to get this skirt and frock; here it is.
Q. You got them from the prisoner's sister? - Yes.
Q. To Fordyce. Can you say that is the skirt the prisoner pawned with you? - Yes.
Q. Have you any doubt? - None in the world.
Q. You had but that one pawned with you that day? - None of that sort.
Q. How long has it been out of your custody? - From the 1st of June.
Q. How soon was it that you see it again? - I suppose about a fortnight ago.
The prisoner called three witnesses who gave her a good character, said that she was a married woman, and her husband in the coal line.
Q. To Prosecutrix. Is that the skirt the child had on? - Yes; I bought the stuff, and made it myself.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 26.)
Mr. Recorder. Your crime is so distinguishable from the other larcenies, that are brought before us, from the attocity of it, that I think it proper particularly to mark it, that all persons hearing you tried, may know the punishment attendant upon the conviction of a crime under such circumstances as your's has been; I cannot conceive an offence more painful to society, than that you have committed. I don't know whether you have been the mother of children, but I found by one of the evidences who has spoken to your character, that you have had the care of children; I am very sorry to find that any one of your sex should be found so very devoid of feeling, for the purpose of getting plunder, as to rob a poor infant; under these circumstances I think it right to punish you with as much severity as the law will permit; therefore I now pass this sentence on you, that you be 


               transported for seven years, to pass beyond the seas, to such place as his Majesty, with the advice of his privy counsel shall be pleased to deliver and appoint
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
