





178. 
               
                  THOMAS
                   otherwise 
                  
JOHN 
                  MACKENZIE
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 17th of March
, four silver table spoons, value 40 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Fletcher 
                           Partis
                        



                     
                  , and one silver tea-spoon, value 18 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Clarke
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Fletcher
                         Partis
                     



.


                  FLETCHER
                   PARTIS
               



             sworn.
I live in Great Titchfield-street, Marybone


; on the 17th of March last I lost four silver table-spoons.


                  ANN
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Partis; on the 17th of March, between two and three o'clock, I was up stairs with my master, all the servants being out; I heard a chink of silver below in the kitchen, I went down immediately, and saw the man coming out of the place; he appeared quite a stranger to me, and seemed to go through the kitchen; I then seized him, and held him while I called my master down stairs; my master coming down he shoved me to the dresser, and pulled out of his pocket four table spoons. The prisoner is the man we secured; before I went up stairs they were in a large closet.
(The spoons produced and deposed to.)
Mr. Partis. Between the hours of two and three, my servant went down stairs, and called me, and there I saw her seizing the man by the collar; I saw a man out of the window, and beckoned him to come in to assist; when he came into the kitchen, I told him this man had taken out of his pocket four table spoons, and I suspected he might have more of my property about him; and says I, if you will stand by me I will search him; on which I found this teaspoon in his pocket.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went to this gentleman's apartments to enquire for a person whom I was ordered to dress his hair, and the servant ran down stairs, and told me she dare say I had taken something.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
