





262. 
               
                  GOSHERN 
                  LEVY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of April
, a piece of linen cloth, containing 50 yards in length, value 30s
             the property of 
               
                  Wyndham 
                  Knatchbull
               



            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Rule
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cunningham
               



            .
WYNDHAM KNATCHBULL sworn. - I am in partnership with James Rule and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Cunningham
               



            ; we keep a linen-warehouse


, in Grace-church-street


: On the 4th of April, I was in the accompting-house, about two o'clock, and heard a noise; I ran out and enquired what was the matter; they told me that somebody had stolen a piece of linen; and, in about a quarter of an hour after, I heard he was in the Compter; I saw him at the Mansion-house the next morning. I cannot swear to the linen.


                  WILLIAM
                   WALDEN
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Mr. Cowley: I was going from Mr. Cowley's to Mr. Knatchbull's with a load, on Wednesday the 4th of this month, about two o'clock; when I went in, I saw the prisoner with a silk handkerchief in his hand, and his hand upon a pack of brown Irish that stood in the gateway, I looked at him, and he went out of the gateway, and looked round at me; I followed him to the corner of Eastcheap, and then I went and alarmed the people of the warehouse in Philpot-lane; I got sight of him; a person stopped me by mistake, supposing it to be me, and I lost sight of him, till he was taken into custody, which was in about ten minutes.
Q. Are you sure it was the same man that you had seen in the gateway? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knapp. Q. You had never seen the prisoner before? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn. - I live in Cullum-street: About two o'clock, on the 4th of this month, I saw the prisoner running up Cullum-street very swist, and looking back several times; I lost sight of him; I ran into Leadenhall-market, and there saw the prisoner walking up Paved-alley; I went up to the prisoner, and said, you villain, what do you do with that bundle; it was tied up in a silk handkerchief; he kept hold of the bundle, till a porter belonging to the house came up and took it from him. I saw it opened at the Poultry Compter; it contained brown Irish, I believe they call it.
ROBERT PATTERSON sworn. - I never saw the prisoner till he was in custody; I only prove the property.


                  THOMAS
                   PERRY
               



             sworn. - (Produces the linen). I had it from a porter of the name of Wilkinson.
- WILKINSON sworn. - I took it from the prisoner, in the course of two minutes after he was taken.
Patterson. We had no private mark upon it; I only know it from its corresponding with the remainder of the pack; it is of the same quality.
Q. Do you know that such a piece was missing? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Other persons in the linen trade, have goods of the same sort, and the same quality? - A. Yes.
Q.And you have no mark upon it? - A. No.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
