





47. 
               
                  JORDAN 
                  WAINE
               



             was indicted for 


               obtaining money by false pretences from 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Yostus
                        




                     
                  , to procure a pardon for 
                     
                        Joseph
                         Yostus
                     



                  , her husband
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)
May it please your Lordship. Gentlemen of the Jury. Gentlemen, you have very lately heard, from the Clerk of the Arraigns, the stress of the indictment against the prisoner, who comes before you for judgment, on the state of an indictment for misdemeanor only; and, Gentlemen, in the course of some experience in this place, attended very often with painful circumstances, I have never been called upon to lend my poor assistance to a prosecution in which I have contributed my aid with so much satisfaction as on the present occasion; because you have before you, as the evidence will prove, a man carrying on one of the most prostigate and abandoned systems of imposition on a person the last in the world on whom such a system should be practised: I am most perfectly sure, that when the facts are laid before you, that you and the whole Court, and every man that hears me, will be of opinion that banishment from this country does not reach his offences, and that all that the Court can do falls short of doing justice to him. Gentlemen, having laid hold of a poor woman of the name of Yostus, whose husband had been convicted at this place for a felony, he pretended to her that he would prepare a petition, in order to obtain the extension of the Royal mercy to that husband; he afterwards pretended he had prepared such a petition, and had laid it before his Majesty; that it had had its effect, and was then laying in the office of the noble Secretary of State, and all that was necessary now to be done was to obtain a sum of money to carry that petition from the office. One would hardly believe that depraved human nature would furnish a man with pretences to strip a miserable widow, deprived of her husband, and to strip five miserable orphan children, of every rag they had to cover them, to support himself in his vices, by amusing them with the hopes of obtaining this pardon. Besides, Gentlemen, if one considers the nature of a crime like this, there are circumstances in it that make one shudder: suppose there had been any favourable circumstances in this poor man's case, if he had fallen into honest and honourable hands, his case would have been presented to the worthy Recorder; and if there had been any favourable circumstances, it is a libel, for the first time uttered by the prisoner, that it is necessary to grease the wheels of government, as he calls it, that it is necessary to give a fee to the Clerk of the Record, the officer at the Secretary of State's office, and to all the various hands, in order to procure the extension of the Royal mercy. Gentlemen, it is right it should be stated, it is perfectly well known to us, that there is nothing necessary to obtain that mercy; but that there should appear to the Judge, who tries, favourable circumstances; and if there is any department of the Government more chastely or more honourably administred than another, it isthat of extending the Royal mercy to persons who are suitors for that mercy: but if this man had any favourable circumstances which could have been made appear, the prisoner was preventing the application of them by deluding her with a fallacious hope; therefore I am warranted to state, that a more complicated misdemeanor cannot come before any Court. Gentlemen, the day after the poor man had been convicted of stealing coals to the value of 5 s. the prisoner applied to him; he told him he should be able to procure a pardon, if he could raise two guineas; one guinea of which was to be delivered into the office of the Secretary of State (a most impudent and audacious libel!). The poor man, locked up in that strong house, sent to his wife; she was anxious to get her husband home: he told her the business would be presently done - stealing a few coals - no difficulty. He prepared a petition, shewed it to the poor woman, who approved of it, and gave it to her to get it signed by a number of her friends: then, says he, some of my friends shall sign it, and he hinted some parliamentary interest (another audacious libel!). Thank God, in this country, the Royal mercy is not dealt out on such terms. He said, I have several names, and among the rest two members of parliament: so he took her to Whitehall, and went into some office, which he said was the Secretary of State's; there was somebody ready to attend on this gentleman: now, says he, I shall attend on this, day by day, till the petition is considered; and as soon as it is you shall hear from me; upon which the poor woman went home, for that time at least, happy. Gentlemen, in the course of a few days Mr. Waine found his way to her again; says he, here is sad news; you have been talking about this to somebody, and we shall be defeated; the poor woman said no, nobody could have heard of it from her; says he, there is more difficulty than I expected, I must have more money; that was the first application: then somebody had got scent of this; that she had enemies; that her husband had enemies: then there was an anonymous letter sent to Mr. Recorder: at last he found two gentlemen, very respectable men, to answer for his good behaviour; but they must have a guinea a-piece: so he went on (not to fatigue you with the variety of frauds this man practised upon her), taking the miserable pence out of her pocket, and pretending that indeed more was wanted; but he, in charity and kindness, would make up the rest: at last he told her - says he, now I have good news to tell you; I saw my Lord Grenville last night (and these people are always very intimate, you know, with great men), and Lord Grenville said, Waine, your business shall be settled immediately: says he, I do not like to come into this house; you have some enemies; they are always writing to the Recorder about it; I will tell you when your husband will come home: the poor woman began to be very uneasy; why the convicts are to be removed from Newgate on board the transport; says he, they will not remove him, for I saw my Lord Grenville, and he told me the thing was all in a train: at last he came, says he, well, I could do nothing better, I have got a conditional pardon for him, to go for an East-India soldier: this did not suit with the poor woman; says he, why so downcast? the serjeant, for a guinea, will let him go any where you please; says she, I have some friends at Windsor first; oh, says he, that is the best place in the world; still more money was procured; then the petition lay in Lord Grenville's office; nothing was to be done without money: well, Gentlemen, at last the husband is sent down to Portsmouth to the transport ship; the poor woman now began to suspect there was something very wrong indeed; she said, Sir, this is sad work; says he, do not fear, I have been down to the ship myself, and left a shilling for him, and really the smell of the ship has made me so sick (though I did not see him); cannot you lend me a trifle to get something to drink, to make me better. In short, Gentlemen, not to pursue this wicked story, the sequel is, that the poor man is now on his voyage to Botany-bay,and the poor woman is now come here before you, Gentlemen, for a resource and restitution very inadequate indeed to the great-loss she has sustained. Gentlemen, this case reminds one of a story that we crown lawyers hear very early in the opening of our profession, of an attorney who used to practise in this place formerly, and had undertaken the defence of a prisoner; the man was indicted, and he sent cash to this attorney to take care of him; but when his trial came on, he found himself deserted, without either counsellor or solicitor; he sent in great rage for the attorney, and told him his situation; he sent him word not to fear, for the Court would not try him; however, he was tried and convicted: he then sent with double haste; oh, says he, there is a flaw in the indictment, they will not pass sentence upon you; however, they did pass sentence upon him with the other convicts: then he was frightened indeed, and he sent to his friend the attorney; well, says he, you have brought me into a dreadful situation indeed! here I am in the condemned cell; says the attorney (who kept out of the way all the while himself), all is safe, do not be uneasy, they will not venture to pass sentence on you; however, sentence was passed upon him with the rest of the convicts: then he sent again, all terror and alarm; oh, says the attorney, they will not put you in the death-warrant, all will be safe; however, in a few days Mr. Recorder's warrant came down to Mr. Akerman for the execution of those convicts, and this poor man among the rest; then the poor creature, whose situation I pretend not to describe, sent to this unfeeling wretch of an attorney again; says he, for God's sake, come to me, do something for me, I am very much alarmed, for Mr. Akerman's people tell me we are to be hanged on Wednesday next; to which this unfeeling attorney, for the last time, replied, Never fear, says he, they dare not hang you; but I wish I could see them do it; for if they hang you, I will punish them very severely: so it was with Mr. Waine.
Gentlemen of the Jury, now comes the pleasant part of the picture: thank God Almighty, there is no situation, however abject, and miserable, and distressed, in this country, which, when that distress comes to be known by their superiors, is not protected: the case came to be known to the late sheriff, Mr. Alderman Macaulay, who immediately directed the poor woman to apply to Mr. Shelton, who was instructed to submit the case, as it is properly submitted, to you. Gentlemen, thank God, whilst the office is in such hands, and in such a succession of officers, there is no great danger that these things will pass with impunity: this is the first case that modern iniquity has presented to us for judgement; I know very well that it will be made a terrible example to those who have been preying but too much on the miseries of their fellow-creatures: you will feel considerable satisfaction in pronouncing on his guilt, if he is found guilty; and the Court will take care to punish, that men of the like description may not fancy, in future, that they are to sport with the feelings and miseries of the distressed.
The judgement of conviction proved by Mr. Shelton.
"Wednesday the 13th of April, 1791, before Lord Kenyon, Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   Hotham
               



            , and Mr. Justice Heath, &c. 
               
                  Joseph
                   Yostus
               



            , for receiving six bushels of coals, to be transported fourteen years."


                  MARY
                   YOSTUS
               



             sworn.
Mr. Garrow. You are the wife of the unfortunate man who was convicted for stealing coals? - Yes; a man left a direction for the prisoner; in consequence of which I went to him, and he promised to procure a pardon for my husband in a few days; he said he had great intercession with somebody at the Secretary of State's, and that he was not in the least afraid but he should soon have a pardon for my husband; I was very earnest to have it done, and willing to submit to any thing that he told me; hewas to have a guinea for the petition, and a guinea to give in with the petition at the Secretary of State's office; he was to call on me the next day with the petition, and I was to get my friends to sign it; he would try my friends, but he did not care whether I had any or not, as he had plenty of hands to sign it; he called on me the next day, and brought me a petition, which some of my friends signed, and some were not at home; then I went with him to some of his friends, and they were willing to sign it; then he said there were sufficient hands, and two members of parliament; he had the two guineas when he brought the petition, which was the second day; then I went with him to some office, I cannot tell what office, nor what part of the town; he gave it to some gentleman; then he said it was all right; I was very much unacquainted with the town at that time.
Prisoner. You had better state to her the situation of Lord Grenville's office, and then she can know.
Mr. Garrow. You may do that on cross examination.
Mrs. Yostus. I never was there in my life; I do not know the situation of the office.
He was to solicit this petition every day? - Yes.
Mr. Garrow. Now, my Lord, I will pass shortly over all the rest till I come to the pretensions upon which the indictment is founded.
Mrs. Yostus. He said he would take particular care to do my business; at length, my husband was removed from Newgate to the ship; I met him somewhere near Patten-court, in Fleet-street; I was quite distressed, and was looking for him; he said he was seeking for me; I told him I thought my husband was not to be sent away; he said they did not dare to send him away, but he was sent in the room of one of the men who stabbed himself, and he was sent to make up the number; he said it would be very easy to fetch him back from the ship, and then Mr. Akerman's fees on being discharged would be all saved, so that it was better than if he had not; he said he had called on Mr. Akerman, and he was very angry, because he had wronged him of his fees; the next time I saw him he bid me have good spirits, for it was easy to fetch him away, and he said he must see him; and at night he came, and said he had been within four or five miles of Gravesend, but he could not see him; he said he was very ill, at the smell of the ship, and had left a shilling for my husband: he came again, and said there was a pardon lying in the office for my husband, but it could not be got out without having two men to be bound for his good behaviour for two or three years; and that he had two men of property, but they would not be bound under two guineas, and then there would be nothing more to do: I gave him two guineas for that purpose the next day; then he came and asked me if I was ready for him, and I gave it him with all the pleasure in the world.
How did you get the money together? - By pawning my clothes, and the bed from under me: I have six children, all boys; he knew my distress, and saw all this; one of my boys had the misfortune, the very day I went with him to go to the ship, to fall down an area and break his thigh; when I returned, I found my child under the doctor's hands: the pardon was to come in a few days: a few days after this, I called at his lodgings again; he said he was doing my business, neglecting his own, as if I was his sister, but he could not get the pardon from the office: at last, he came to my apartments, and said, I have good news for you, I have a conditional pardon for your husband, to go for an East-India soldier; and he said, our labour is all lost, and the expences all thrown away; he had better have been as he was; I was of the same opinion; I asked him if there were any means of getting him off; he said yes, there were, but he knew I could not stand the expence, as I had been so much distressed before; and I asked him what it would be at the outside; he took a pen and ink, and wrote down something for 4 l. and then he could get him off from being asoldier; could arrest him, or something of that sort.
Mr. Garrow. What did he get by this last lie? - He got the value of 4 l. I sold my bed for two guineas, and pawned my buckles, and sold and pawned every thing I could make money of, but I could not raise the 4 l. I could only raise about 3 l. 17 s. or thereabouts; he said he would make up the rest for me.
You never got a pardon? - No.
Nor never would, in such hands, till the day of judgment, certainly.
Prisoner. My Lord, being deprived of counsel, I should esteem it a favour to be permitted to examine the prosecutrix.
Court. Certainly, you may ask her any questions you please.
Prisoner. My Lord, I wish to ask Mrs. Yostus how she first became acquainted with me? - A person came and wrote his name down.
Did not you come to the Red-lion, in Old-Bethlehem, and apply to me to get a petition drawn, in order to get your husband a pardon? - Yes, I did; it was somewhere by Old Bethlehem; I do not know the sign.
Was not it then agreed on for me to draw a petition for that purpose? - Yes.
After I had drawn that petition, and carried it to your house, and read it over to you, whether several of your friends, and particularly your husband's master, refused to sign the same? - Some refused it, because they did not know him, because he had been in town but a short time.
Whether or no I did not get several of your friends to sign this petition? - Yes.
After that, whether or no you did not go with me to several respectable people; the first was Mr. Evans, the wine and brandy merchant, the corner of York-street? - I said so before.
Did not you give me one guinea, not two? - You had a guinea for writing the petition, and a guinea to give in with the petition.
At that same time? - Yes.
Recollect yourself. - Yes.
Did not I desire you to meet me at the Prince 
               
                  William
                   Henry
               



            's, at Charing-cross, the next day to Good-Friday, when I brought you the petition? - I do not recollect the sign, I did meet you by appointment, and went with you to the place.
Now, Mrs. Yostus, we went into the Treasury, as I call it, and I went up a great number of stone stairs, till we came to the top of the building, to a green door; do you recollect going up a large flight of stairs? - I do not remember any thing of the door; I remember going up a sight of stairs, but I do not know what office it was.
Do you recollect, after that, my drawing a petition to the worshipful Recorder? - Yes.
You went with me, and saw me deliver it in to his lordship's servant? - Yes.
Do you recollect another petition being also drawn up to 
               
                  Baron
                   Hotham
               



            ? - Yes; and you dropt it down the area, as a person said my lord was not at home.
Do you recollect my taking a letter to Lord Grenville's house in St. James's-street with you? - Yes, I went with you with all the three letters that you have mentioned.
Now, Mrs. Yostus, I shall be glad to know at what time the 3 l. 17 s. was paid to me; when was that? - You had it of me, and you know you had it of me.
It is amazing to me that you cannot recollect the day; if I pay any money, I can recollect the day. - It is not surprising, considering the state of mind I was in.
After this supposed time of receiving these different sums, did you employ me any further in the business respecting your husband? - You know I did.
Court. Then you continued to employ him afterwards? - Yes.
Prisoner. I think another circumstance, but you speak so low, but only I gain information from the learned counsel, it was when going to the side of the ship, that I came up and told you I could not see him, and you said you would go yourself? - Yes, and indeed I did go, but you had never been there.
Will you swear that? - They told me you never had been there.

But telling will not do, good woman.
Court. If you ask the question, you must take the answer.
Prisoner. Did I represent to you that I was acquainted with Captain 
               
                  Manning
               


            , of the Pitt, and did I go with you? - I went there with him.
Did not I use every endeavour in my power to prevail on the Captain to let you go aboard to see your husband? - Certainly you did, but it was a false pretence you made to him.
I am not talking about a false pretence, or what pretence it was; was not the Captain's orders that he should be on board on the Friday following, and if I would send a letter by you to him, you should be permitted to go on board? - That is very true.
I think you said that Captain 
               
                  Manning
               


             should tell you, if your husband was so unfortunate to go out in the ship Pitt, he should be liberated from his irons, and assist the cook? - Yes, he told me so.
Do you recollect a petition presented to the King? - As you said.
Likewise another to the Queen? - As you informed me.
Have not you, before and since that time, expressed that you was fully satisfied with my conduct, that I had done every thing to serve you? - It was all a pretence, for you got me no pardon.
Have you not said so? - I was not satisfied.
Court. Have you ever said that you was satisfied with him, and that he had done all he could? - Never any thing of that kind; all I said was, that he should bring my husband to me, and I should be satisfied; that was what I gave him the money for; if I had had ten times as much, I should have given it him; he said he would bring my husband to me, and he would forfeit his life if he did not.
Have you any other witnesses to prove the payments? - No; he always wished me to keep it as a secret, and so I did, or else I should not have done as I have, if I had let my friends know it.
Prisoner. My Lord, I am in an aukward situation here; this is a matter between party and party.


                  WILLIAM
                   POLLACK
               



            , Esq. sworn.
Mr. Garrow. You are so good, Sir, to attend from the Secretary of State's office? - Yes.
If there had been any pardon for 
               
                  William
                   Yostus
               



            , it would have come to your knowledge? - I cannot possibly charge my memory; they all go through my hands; I have carefully perused my book, which I have with me; there is no reference to the Judge, which is a previous step to the ordering of a pardon.
Therefore, of course, no pardon could have been applied for? - Certainly not.
If by any accident such pardon had been there, no fee whatever would have been taken with it, but it would have been sent to the Judge who tried the prisoner in the regular course of office? - Undoubtedly.
I mean the Secretary of State's letter? - It is the sign manual, directed to the Recorder of London, and in the country to the sheriffs.
Court. With respect to these pardons, I may have been misinformed, but I wish to know whether any person is not intitled to take that pardon out of your office? - Yes, they do.
When these are taken out, is not there a certain fee by act of parliament? - Yes, by the established fees of the office, there is a fee of 1 l. 7 s. 6 d.; that does not occur three times in a long period.
Mr. Garrow. Could it have been true that a pardon for this man, Yostus, had been laying in the office, and might be fetched away for paying the fees? - No.
Of course it is equally untrue that there was a conditional pardon? - Certainly.
Court. Supposing there had been a pardon there, and this man had paid the fee, would not he have been entitled to have it delivered to him? - Certainly, Sir.
Mr. Garrow. But in this case neither was there any pardon, any sign manual, or any reference to the Judge? - No, there is no pardon whatever granted, unless there is a reference to the Judge; and it appears,from my book, that there was no reference, and consequently could not be any pardon.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My Lord; the prosecutrix, 
               
                  Mary
                   Yostus
               



            , came to me, to endeavour to obtain his Majesty's royal pardon for her unfortunate husband, who from the circumstances, and the nature of the case she laid down, I thought there might be a probability of obtaining the same; accordingly I made use of every method, not only by my own knowledge, but those that knew, and 
               
                  drew
               


             the petitions, and with care and trouble got them signed; in the next place, those different sums of money she has already charged me with; it is impossible, where there are only two people concerned in any matter of business, for one to confute the other; I may say I have not received that sum, she may say I have; I cannot clear myself any further than in denying absolutely the charge before stated; the sum of 8 l. 8 s. which sum I received at different times, on account of the different services that have been carried on in that business: now, my Lord, in the next place, this woman knew where I dwelt; the last time of that business was on the Whit-Monday; had she been agrieved any way, I should rather have supposed she would have called to know how I had succeeded in the business: Lord Grenville at this time went out of the home department into the foreign department, and the Right Hon. 
               
                  Henry
                   Dundas
               



             came in; it was the mode of proceeding to petition; she did not come, being disappointed: next, it is very evident, on her own information, that there was business carried on by me after these supposed charges; and she tells you she has employed me afterwards: now, is it competent to your reason and understanding to suppose that she should put any further faith or confidence in a man to carry on any further business of that sort; it is a very clear matter to me, this is a piece of business brought with intent to answer some private purpose, and she has got some person to inform Mr. Shelton of it; he, as a gentleman, undoubtedly took up the matter to prosecute; that I admit to be very right and just; but those accusations have no ground; it is party against party; it is morally impossible, where two people are concerned, and where the business is directly between party and party; she might have as well have assured the Court that she paid me 50 l.; it was out of my power to confute her. My Lord, I have acted throughout this business with no intent, either directly or indirectly, to take advantage of this woman whatever; I did every thing as far as lay in my power in the business; and in consequence of which I must observe, that my wife was the person who got the petition to the Queen into the Countess Dowager of Effingham's family; it was sent by her, and presented; whether it had any effect, I cannot say; she got a violent cold by so doing, and has never since been able to do the domestic duties of the family: I have three children, and one of them blind: I have only to say, that, upon this charge only, were I this night summoned before the great tribunal of the awful seat of God, to answer for the deeds I have done in this life, and had no other charge to answer for, I am sure I should be perfectly happy; I am totally innocent; I never received any sum or sums of money on those pretences whatever; I have received sums of money as necessary for a person acting for six weeks, going here and there, backwards and forwards, from Shoreditch to Charing-cross, to meet this good woman at different public-houses; undoubtedly her mind was very uneasy; I put her to no expence on that account; she has often declared she was fully satisfied with my conduct: I now address myself to your candour and benevolence in this business; I am perfectly satisfied that I have done every thing to serve the woman. Gentlemen of the Jury, I trust to your discrimination and candour in this affair; I hope you will see this prosecution like to a man that builds his house on the sand, without any foundation.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
