






80. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SALVEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of December
, a pair of linen sheets, value 7s. a copper candlestick, value 18d. the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Thompson
                     



                  ; a pair of leather boots, value 10s. a pair of silk and worsted stockings, value 18d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 1s. the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Barnes
                     



                  ; a cloth coat, value 5s. a linen shirt, value 6d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. and pair of plated shoe buckles, value 6d. the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hodgkins
                     



.
JOHN THOMPSON sworn.
My wife keeps a little cook's shop.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - I remember seeing a person that answers to her description going out of the house, she had a large hair broom under her arm; I did not suspect her.
Q. Did you know her before that? - No. 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hodgkins
               



             and John Barnes they both lodge in my house.
Q. What do you know of the sheet and copper candlestick? did you miss them? - I did.
Q. Where was the sheet? - On the bed; the candlestick one of the young men had it to light him to bed; I believe, to the best of my knowledge, John Barnes.
Q. Did you ever employ the prisoner at your house? - No, never.
Q. What time of the day was it you saw her go out? - Between twelve and two at noon, on the 30th of December.
Q. When did you see the woman afterwards? - I see her the next day when I took her.
Q. Are you sure the woman you took was the same woman that you saw go out of the house? - I could not swear to it because it was through a glass partition. The sheet and candlestick are not found, but the other property, belonging to my two lodgers.


                  JOHN
                   BARNES
               



             sworn.
Q. Were your things found? - Yes, one pair of boots belonging to me, and one pair of stockings.
Q. Where did you lose them from? - From my lodgings, on the 30th of December; I saw the things the morning I lost them.
Q. Are they here? - The pawnbroker has them.
Q. Was you at home when they were stole? - No, I was at work.


                  THOMAS
                   WELLS
               



             sworn.
I have got a pair of boots and a coat, the prisoner at the bar brought them to me.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner? - Yes.
Q. What did she pledge them for? - For four shillings.
Q. Did she tell you how she came by them? - No, she did not.
Q. Had she ever pledged any thing with you before? - Yes, she had, as much as once or twice before.
Q. When was it she pledged them? - On the 30th of December, to the best of my recollection about three o'clock.
Q. Do you know where Thompson's house is? - No, I do not.
Q. to Thompson. Where do you live? - In Ray-street, Clerkenwell


.
Q. to Wells. How far are you from Ray-street? - In Turnmill-street, about a quarter of a mile, not farther.
Barnes. These boots are mine, I know them by the marks that the boot maker wrote in them.
Q. What is your employment? - I am a carpet weaver
, but I was in a boot club.
Q. What marks have you on the stockings? - I had an accident a few nights before I lost them, I ripped a hole on the instep, and my washer woman darned it up.

Prisoner. I am a dealer in Rag Fair
, I have dealt in Rag Fair for seven years past; these here things I bought about four o'clock in the afternoon, and I was in a great hurry to get home after I bought them, having three children at home, and when I came home, a gentleman's servant in Red Lyon-street, brought me a few things to buy, and I had not money enough to buy them till I pledged these things; I bought these things in Rag Fair, in a lump, and gave nine shillings and two-pence for them, the woman wanted nine shillings and six-pence; I told her I could not give that to get a shilling by them; she said if I would give nine shillings and a quartern of gin I should have them; I told her I would give her nine shillings and two-pence, and I would give no more, and I gave her that for them.
Q. To Wells. How far is Rag Fair from your house? - I cannot say, a mile, or a mile and half.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
