





46. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITE
                  , otherwise 
GOLDING




            , was indicted for 


               obtaining goods by false pretences
            .


                  THOMAS
                   WILKS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fuller
                  




               
            ; I never saw the prisoner before six o'clock on Thursday; Mr. Fuller is a silversmith
, No. 2, Smithfield-bars


; I was alone in the shop; the prisoner came in, and asked if I had any split-bone knives and forks; I told him I had; he asked the price, and I said 5 s. he said, we only give 4 s. I said, are you in the wholesale? he said, yes, I live with Mr. Ives; I knew Mr. Ives, he is an ironmonger; he said he wanted some goods for Mr. Ives, some black horn; he had read over his list, and I had almost every thing he wanted, except the carvers; he said he wanted these goods to complete an order for a captain that was now in Mr. Ives's shop; he said, as you have not got them all, I must go to Newgate-street; I said, as I have got what will nearly complete your order, you may as well take these to Mr. Ives; I then delivered him the goods chargedin the indictment; he put them into his apron, and was going away; I desired him to take an account of what he had got; after I had done so, he was again going; I told him I hoped he would not be offended, but I must send somebody with him; my boy was out, and I said I will go myself; he then threw them down on the counter, and said, I'll be d - d if they will do; I went with him to the corner of Shoe-lane; and, after many pretences to elude me, he ran down Shoe-lane.
GRAINGER IVES sworn.
The prisoner is the man that was brought to my house; I never gave him any order, or ever sent him to Mr. Fuller.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
