





239. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CARR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of April
, a woollen cloth great coat, called a box coat, value 1s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Green
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   GREEN
               



             sworn.
I drive a hackney coach
.
Q. Did you lose a box great coat? - Yes, on Wednesday, the 3d of April, between two and three o'clock, I left my coach on the stand, in Cornhill


; I went to dinner, I returned again and found my coat was gone; I inquired of the waterman about my coat; he said he did not know who had it; I went a little further up Cornhill, and I see a man going up Cornhill with the coat on his arm, and he said he was going to see if any body owned the coat; he was coming towards the coach; I spoke to him, and he said, is there anybody that owns this coat? and I said it was mine.
Q. Then he said that before you spoke to him? - Yes, he did. He said, he had seen a man go up St. Michael's-alley, and he followed him up into Gracechurch-street, and there he stopped him, and took him to the Poultry Compter.
Q. Do you produce the coat? - Yes.
Q. Have you kept the coat ever since? - Yes.

Prisoner. That men never see me; he cannt say I took the coat.
LYON BANKROW sworn.
I am a hatter. On the 8th of April, I was with my brother; I see the prisoner in Cornhill with a coat on his arm, Parrott was rather before me; I called to Parrott and said, I thought this man has got a coat that is not his own. Accordingly I followed him to St. Michael's-alley; I told Mr. Parrott that he had not got that coat honestly, he looked round so often; I and Parrott followed him into Gracechurch-street, and he went as far as the Spread Eagle Inn; he turned round and see me after him, and he dropped the coat, and ran away, and I picked it up.
Q. Who did you give the coat to after? - I kept it in my arm, and gave it at my Lord Mayor's Court.
Q. I thought you carried it to Green? - Yes, to Cornhill, I carried it to Green.
Q. You gave it to Green? - I did not give it to Green, I shewed it to him.
Q. To Green. Will you swear that you have kept that coat from that time to this? - From the day after.
Q. I understand you to say that the man delivered you the coat in the street? - No, he did not deliver it to me in the street; it was delivered to me at the Mansion House, before the Lord Mayor.
Q. To Bankrow. Should you know the coat again? - I put my mark to it; there is my mark to it; I know it to be the coat.
Q. What became of the man? - I never lost sight of him till he dropped the coat, and then I lost sight of him.
Q. How long was it before you see him again? - About a minute and a half.
Q. Where did you see him? - Mr. Parrott, and I brought him to the Sprcad Eagle Inn.
Q. Was he in custody when you see him again? - Yes, he was. Mr. Parrott and others had him in custody when I see him.
Prisoner. I never saw the coat no further than picking it up.


                  ISAAC
                   BANKROW
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you see this man in Cornhill? - Yes; I, and Mr. Parrott, and my brother pursued him to Gracechurch-street.
Q. Did you see him throw down the coat? - Yes.
Q. Did you pursue him? - Yes.
Q. Did you lose sight of him? - No, I did not.
Q. Where did you stop him? - In Leadenhall-market; he ran through the Spread Eagle Inn.


                  THOMAS
                   PARROTT
               



             sworn.
Q. Were you with the other two witnesses? - Yes.
Q. Did you see the prisoner throw the coat down? - I cannot say I did.
Q. Did you pursue him? - I did.
Q. Were he all the time in your sight? - I cannot say he was for half a minute. I pursued him, and I called out stop thief! and the butchers stopped him; I was present when he was stopped. Before I gave the coachman his coat, I asked him if there were any marks that he knew his coat by? he told me there was a hole in the pocket, and so there was.
Prisoner. As I was going through Cornhill, there were some gentlemen said, there lays a coachman's coat.
Q. Where was it laying? - At the corner of the court, near St. Michael's-alley. I took it on my shoulder, and I see somebody running, and I run, and they ran after me, and I thought they would think I had stole the coat, and Ithrew it down, and they ran after me, and hallooed out stop thief!



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
