





127. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TYRER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of January
 last, forty-six yards of flannel, value 36 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Watson
                  




               
            .


                  JONATHAN
                   WATSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Oxford-street


, No. 125; I am a linen draper
, on Monday se'nnight between five and six in the evening, that little boy, the prisoner, came to my shop, there was a man with him; I was quite alone, and I heard the man, as I suppose it must be, say to the little boy, take that piece of flannel; I ran to the door, and saw the boy take it; it stood upright in the shop, about three yards, or near, within the door, on the right-hand side coming into the shop; the boy ran away with it; it is not very heavy, but cumbersome; I immediately pursued him and caught him by the hair of the head; he was turning into a baker's; I seized him with the flannel, it is mine; he said he was about ten years of age: he did not appear sharp, but obstinate, and unwilling to tell me any thing.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say.
Court. Where do your friends live? - In Newport-alley, they keep a tin shop; my father knows I am here.



               GUILTY
            , aged 10 years.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
Prosecutor. My Lord, as the boy is convicted, it would be proper to inform you, that this boy has a brother, who now is at Botany Bay, and a sister, who with her two brothers were concerned in robbing a house near his father's, in Newport-alley, to the amount of two hundred pounds.
Mr. Shelton. That is so, my Lord, and the brother was transported.
Court. Then the best way will be to send him out of the kingdom.




               Transported for seven years
            .
