





327. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PARNELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               unlawfully, knowingly, and designedly, obtaining by false pretences, four sheets of paper, each stamped with a 6 s. stamp, value 24 s. 8 d. a piece of parchment printed for a bill of Middlesex, stamped with a 2 s. 6 d. stamp, a piece of paper stamped with a 2 s. 6 d. stamp, value 5 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert Findley 
                           Warne
                        




                     
                  , with intent to defraud him thereof
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   BISHOP
               



             sworn.
I am an apprentice to Mr. 
               
                  Robert
                   Findley Warne
               



            , a stationer
: I know the prisoner at the bar; I saw him the same morning; I took him; and before that, on the 9th of January, he came to Mr. Warne's shop in the evening, and asked for four six shilling stamps of the common size, for bills of Middlesex, and a warrant: I gave them him, expecting to be paid for them; he then said they were for Field andBrown, at No. 8; I was not satisfied at this, but followed him immediately to No. 8; he went up one pair of stairs: it is but a very few yards: I never lost sight of him; but not hearing the door shut and open; I stood on the stair-case; on that, I looked up the stair-case, and saw him come down: when he came down, he said it ought to have been a latitat; on which I desired him to go into the shop, and they would change it for him; I then saw him to our door; and I had the curiosity to go into Mess. Field's and Brown's chambers; I went into the shop to enquire for him; and in consequence, I went after him; but however, I did not see him till I saw him at the Stamp-office; on seeing me, he immediately ran out; I followed him; and as soon as he got to the top of the steps in Somerset-house-square, he turned round, and asked me if I was following him? on which I answered I was not; after that he went up to the gate that leads into the Strand, and came and asked me which was the way to the Strand? I informed him it was on the left hand; he walked a few yards on this side of the way, and then crossed over, and went through several courts, and enquired for somebody at one or two places; I proceeded, and never lost sight of him; he turned round several times to ask me if I was following him? I said not; in a court leading to Clare-street, he turned round, and said he would knock me down; upon that, I desired several people to lay hold of him.
Now, I would ask you whether the prisoner is the same person you saw on the 9th of January, at the Stamp-office? - It certainly was; I have no doubt about it; not the least.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. What time of the evening was it that the young man came to your shop? - About seven o'clock on the 9th of January.
It was candle-light? - Yes, it was.
Was your shop a shop of considerable custom? - Yes, it is.
How long after this was it, before he was apprehended? - It was about the beginning of March, or the latter end of February, that he was apprehended.
And this person had not been in custody till then? - No, he was not.
You had never seen him all this time? - No.
There are a great many young men who are clerks to attorneys? - Yes.
You attended at the lord mayor's when this young man was taken: did you point to a young man who was clerk to the sitting alderman then? - I did not.
I ask you whether he did not go voluntarily to the office? - Yes, he did, very quietly.
I do not know whether it has happened to you, as it has to me this afternoon, that you have taken one person for another? - I might have done so; but I am certain as to the prisoner.
Court. On your cross-examination, you said he went quietly: what day was this? - On the day he went to the Stamp-office.
On that day he was taken; was he taken to your shop? - He was.
Jury to the witness. You have told us that the prisoner came out of the Stamp-office, and asked you the way to the Strand; and that you followed him? - In Clare-street there are two courts; from Clare-street he went through the market; and was going into Vere-street; he was going to turn towards the dead wall, but did not go; he did partly go, but returned; he went afterwards up a court, and then he returned from that court into Clare-street, and went through Clare-street quite into Vere-street, through the market; on this side of the market, which leads to Wild-street.


                  ROBERT
                   GOLDSPRING
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Mess. Field and Brown, No. 8; I have been clerk there four or five months: I have seen this prisoner, but never at our chambers; and never gave him any orders whatsoever.
In January, do you remember the last witness coming to you? - I do.
Mr. Knowlys. Have Mess. Field and

                  Brown
               


             any clerks but you? - No; but he has a brother in the office.
Mr. BROWN sworn.
I am in partnership with 
               
                  Richard
                   Field
               



            .
Do you remember, on the 19th of January, giving any orders for six shilling stamps, and a bill of Middlesex? - No, never, at any time.


                  RICHARD
                   FIELD
               



             sworn.
Did you give any orders to the defendant on the 9th of February, or at any other time? - No, never.


                  GEORGE
                   FIELD
               



             sworn.
I am a clerk to my brother, and was in January last.
Do you recollect whether you gave any orders to the defendant for stamps? - I never did; I know him very well.
The prisoner called four witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
