





39. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  PINE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of November
, twenty-eight yards of cotton, value 40s. the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Sheppard
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .
JOSEPH SHEPPARD sworn. - I am a linen-draper
, in Aldgate High-street


: I can only prove the property.
THOMAS SHEPPARD sworn. - I am brother to the prosecutor.
Q. Are you in partnership with him? - A. No: On Wednesday, the 21st of November last, between three and four o'clock, the prisoner at the bar came into my brother's shop, with a boy and a girl, somewhere about five or six years old; she asked to look at some cloth, I shewed her some; I asked her how much the wanted; she told me the only wanted a small quantity; I told her a remnant might suit her as well, and I sold her a remnant; she then said she wanted a child's great-coat frock; in course quence of having some suspicion of the prisoner, I counted the quantity of prints that I took down to shew her, I shewed her eight preces; I sold her two yards of one; I asked her then if she did not want a frock; she said, no; she put down a seven-shilling piece, and I put up the two yards of print and remnant of cloath in a paper; I took up the seven-shilling piece, and desired her to step further up the shop, and I would give her change; I then went and counted the prints as she was going outat the door, and found there was one missing; I then went and stopped the prisoner, who had got about a yard from the door, she denied it; I told her, that she had been stealing a piece of print; I was then coming out of the shop just before her, and I saw the print lying just behind her in the shop on the ground, about half a yard or three quarters from her, it was a piece of cotton, containing twenty-eight yards.
Q. Was it one of those prints that you had shewn her? - A. I am perfectly sure of that; when I frist came over the ground, there was no print lying there.
Q. At the time that you first saw the print behind her, where were the boy and girl? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Behind the print, following her; my young brother, Samuel, picked the print up, I ordered him to go for a constable; he laid it on the counter, and when the constable came, I delivered it to him; it was the same print that I picked up off the floor.
Q. Was it your brother's property? - A. Yes. it was.
Q. Where abouts may the value of it be? - A. About forty shillings.
Q. What would you give for it? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Forty shillings.
Q. Can you six upon any one moment of time when the was in the shop, when you suppose that she took it? - A. I cannot say.
Q. Did you see her hand move, or any thing of that fort? - A. No, nothing of that kind.
SAMUEL SHEPPARD sworn. - I am the younger brother of the prosecutor; I serve in the shop; I was by when my brother shewed the prisoner the cloth; I did not see him shew her the print, that was shewn her at another place, and I was engaged with another customer; when he brought the prisoner back, he called to me to assist him, and as I was going, the prisoner at the bar dropped the print, I saw it drop from her left side under her cloak; I then took it up, and laid it on the counter; I immediately after went and setched a constable, it was delivered to him.
Q. What sort of a cloak had she on? - A. A grey cloak, I think it was.
Q. A short cloak, or a long cloak? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Such as women wear in common.
EDWARD DAVIS sworn. - (Produces the cotton). I have had it ever since.
Mr. 
               
                  Joseph
                   Shephard
               



            . This is my property, it has my own mark upon it in my own writing, both in pencil and ink.
Jury. Is it worth forty shillings? - A. Yes; I should be very glad to give forty shillings for such a piece.
Prisoner's defence. I went into the shop to buy a piece of cloth for a shift for my child, and a piece of print; I put down a seven-shilling piece, and he gave me the change; I came out to the door to look at a shilling, and he said, I had got something more than belonged to me; I told him, I had not, he was welcome to search me; it was the space of a yard within the door; the young man then picked up a piece of print several yards inside the shop, and he brought it and laid it down at my left hand, and said, he had done it on purpose; he said, I was up to her.


                  Q. 
               


            (To 
               
                  Thomas
                   Shepperd
               



            ). Did you say any thing about doing it on purpose? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Is there any truth in what she says? - A. No.
Jury. Q. You had more customers in the shop at the same time? - A. Yes, at a distance.
Jury. Q. Might not one of the children have pulled it off the counter, by the side of the mother? - A. No, I do not think they could.
Court. Q. Was there any body else belonging to the shop there at the time? - A. Yes, a cousin of mine.
Q. How came you not to bring him here? - A. we did not think he would be any material evidence, and he could not well be spared.
For the Prisoner.
THOMAS ACKIS sworn. - I am a whitesmith, I was going by this gentleman's house; I heard the woman say to him she had nothing but what she would pay for, and the gentleman said he would do her if he could. that is all I know about it.



GUILTY (Aged 45.)
Of stealing but not privately.





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
