





467. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     QUINN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Morgan
                        




                     
                  , on the 14th of August
, about the hour of twelve in the night, and stealing three cloth coats, value 20s. two pair of breeches, value 2s. 6d. two aprons, value 1s. a man's hat, value 2s. 6d. a cotton frock, value 1s. a cotton gown, value 8s. and a black stuff petticoat, value 6s. the property of the said 
                     
                        John
                         Morgan
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            .(The witnesses were examined apart, at the request of the prisoner).


                  JOHN
                   MORGAN
               



             sworn.
I live near the Rosemary-branch, in the parish of Islington


, the house is given me gratis by my master; I pay no rent for it; I am a day-labouringman
; on Saturday night, between the hours of twelve and one, I cannot recollect the day of the month, I am no scholar, it was a month last Saturday; I had all these articles in my house, the house was fastened up a few minutes after twelve, I went to bed between twelve and one, I have a wife and child, there was nobody else in the house; my wife fastened the windows and doors, she was last up, I went to bed a few minutes before her, I saw them last before I went to bed; I awoke about five in the morning, to the best of my knowledge, and saw the window wide open before I got out of bed; I slept on the lower floor, the window draws aside, it has shutters on the outside, and bolts within; when I went to bed the shutters were shut, and the bolts bolted; I told my wife she had not shut the window over night, she said she did; I was in a fright, and did not reflect that I had seen it shut. I saw the shutters had been wrenched open, the shutters go on hinges, and the bolt is in the middle between the two window-shutters, the place where the bolt goes in was torn up.
Q. Was the window big enough for a person to get in? - A. Yes; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, they were some of them in a basket; I went in pursuit of my property, and from some information I received; between twelve and one on Sunday morning I went to the house of 
               
                  Patrick
                   Dunn
               



            , in Little Gray's-Inn-lane, and there I found all my things, except what the prisoner had on his body; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Riley
               



             went with me; we waited there till past one, when the prisoner came in with Mr. Dunn; he had my coat, waistcoat, hat, and shoes on, I gave Day the constable charge of him; he has got the things.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before? - A. Yes; he was a labouring-man, he worked with me, and had lodged a mouth with me, but went away a fortnight before this happened.
Court. Q. Had you seen him on the Saturday night? - A. Yes, at the Whitmore's head, Hoxton; we parted between eleven and twelve at the door, and I went home.


                  PATRICK
                   DUNN
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 23, Little Gray's-Inn-lane; the prisoner came to my house on Sunday morning was month, between five and six o'clock, I was in bed, he called me up, and desired me to let him leave a bundle there till he could get a lodging; he said, he was after coming from the country; and that his wife had been dead a month back, he left thethings tied up in a bundle, in a basket; he dressed himself out of the bundle, and went to prayers along with me; when we came back, Morgan and the constable were in the house, and they stripped him as soon as he came in; what he had not on his back, were in the place where he left them; the constable has got them.
Prisoner. Q. What made the prosecutor offer the constable half-a-guinea to let me go about my business? -
Court. Q. Did any thing pass about half-a-guinea? - A. I did not hear Mr. Morgan offer half-a-guinea.
Q. Did you hear any body offer half-a-guinea? - A. No.
Prisoner. Yes, he did; and that man offered half-a-crown out of his pocket.
Q. Did you offer any money? - A. No; not a farthing.


                  WILLIAM
                   DAY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable: On the 14th of August, I was sent for to No. 23, Little Gray's-Inn-lane, to the house of Patrick Dunn; I found nobody in the house but Dunn's wife, and a child, and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Riley
               



            , a friend of Morgan's. Mr. Morgan came in first, and in about twenty minutes Dunn came, and the prisoner after him; Morgan said, "I give charge of that man for entering my house;" and I took him into custody; he had a hat, coat and waistcoat, and shoes and buckles, on, that Morgan claimed; he immediately stripped the things off, freely, but made no answer at all; there was a basket lying near a chest-of-drawers, there was one great coat, one close-bodied coat, two pair of breeches, a cotton gown, and a quilted petticoat, in it; the things are all here.
Prisoner. Q. Ask him if Morgan did not offer him half-a-guinea to let me go? - A. I never heard a word of it mentioned.
Jury. Q. Did the prosecutor express himself to be sorry for having given you charge of the prisoner? - A. No.


                  THOMAS
                   RILEY
               



             sworn.
I went with the prosecutor to 
               
                  Patrick
                   Dunn
               



            's to look for his things, I was there when the prisoner came in, I saw the things taken from him; I guarded the door that the things should not be taken out while I sent for a constable.


                  THOMAS
                   DORAN
               



             sworn.
I was with the constable when he stripped him of the things. (The things found on the person of the prisoner were produced by the constable.)
Prosecutor. This is my coat, it is ripped in the sleeve because I had a bad hand; this is my waistcoat and hat; the hat has several marks in it, it is all wet and dirty in the inside, I have had it half a year. (The things found in the basket were produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor).
Prisoner's defence. My Lord, I was going, on Sunday morning about five o'clock, to Rosemary-lane, to buy some articles to wear to go to the harvest to work, and as I was going, I did not know the way properly to Rosemary-lane, I met a man, and asked him the way; he asked what business I had there? I told him I wanted to buy some articles to wear, he had this bundle; says he, perhaps I may deal with you as cheap as any man in Rosemary-lane; I told him I had as leave buy from him as in Rosemary-lane, as I wanted to get on my journey in the morning; accordingly we went into a public-house, and had a pot of beer, he shewed me the cloaths, and I asked him what he would have for them, he asked a guinea and an half, I told him, I could not afford no such money; with that, he asked me what I would give him; I told him I would give him eighteen shillings for what he had of them, and he gave them to me for nineteen shillings, and I bought them of him; with that, I returned back again and went to Pat Dunn's. I called in at his house, as I was going into the country, and he and I walked out, and had a couple of pots of beer, and went to the chapel, and when we came back, these gentlemen were in the house; I did not attempt to hide them, I had no suspicion they were stolen at all. I had my witnesses here two or three days ago, but as I was arraigned two or three days ago, I thought I should have no occasion for them to-day.
GUILTY




               Of stealing the goods to the value of 39s. but not guilty of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
