






69. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NOWLAND
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CORDELL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cockett
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of three in the night of the 4th of December
, and feloniously stealing forty yards of linen cloth, value 4l. and ten yards of linen cloth, called huswife cloth, value 15s. the property of the said William, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   COCKETT
               



             sworn. - I am a shoe-maker
, at Enfield


; I was the last up on the 4th of December; saw the doors and windows secure; in the morning, a little after seven, I was called up by my neighbours to tell me my house was broke open.
Q. Was it light enough at that time in the open air, to distinguish the features of a man's countenance? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you know the prisoner at that time? - A. Yes; he lived about 200 yards from me, he is a labourer

, and has been a gentleman's servant; the shop is built of wood, and it was broke open.
Q. Is it under the same roof with your house? - A. Yes; there was a board taken out, big enough for a man to put his arm in; I lost a piece of Irish cloth about twenty yards, which is valued at 2s. a yard, which is under the prime cost, and another piece of twenty yards, about the same price, and a piece of huswife cloth, about ten yards, at 1s. 6d. a yard, the ten yards of huswife cloth, and the twenty yards of Irish, I and a constable took upon him, we overtook him at Tottenham, about five miles from Enfield.
Q. Did he tell you how he came by it? - A. The constable is here, I did not hear what he said.
Q. Did you tell him it would be better for him to confess? - A. Yes; I took the huswife cloth from the woman, I had seen her many times before that.


                  FREDERICK
                   TUNSLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I apprehended the prisoners on the Monday morning following the Saturday, at Tottenham; I found on Nowland, about ten yards of Irish cloth, cut in three pieces, three yards and an half in each; after I had taken the man, I saw these ten yards of huswife cloth drop from under the woman's cloak.
Q. Did you tell him it would be better for him to confess, or worse if he did not? - A. No such thing; I asked him where he got this cloth, he told me he bought it honestly and paid for it, and when he got to the public-house, he said he had found it, I know no more than that, he was taken before the Justice, (produces the property), it has been in my possession ever since.
Prosecutor. This huswife cloth I know to be mine-because I had a shirt made of it, there is no mark upon it; the Irish cloth has no mark upon it, I know it to be mine.
Newland's defence. I found it.
Cordell's defence. Nowland is my brother, he told me he had found it.
Nowland, GUILTY. (Aged 23.)
Cordel, GUILTY. (Aged 23.)




               Of stealing, but not of the burglary, to the value of 39s.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
