





511. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     THOMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for feloniously 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, one linen shirt, value 18 d. and thirty-six copper halfpence
            , the goods and monies of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Wringer
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   WRINGER
               



             sworn.
I am a private in the second regiment of foot guards
; I live in Broad-way, Westminster


; last Wednesday, in the afternoon, the 31st of October, I went out about half past two, and returned back about a quarter before five; I found my own street door fast; I immediately got the key, and I heard the foot of some person in my own bed-room; the whole house is mine, I immediately cried out, who is there! five times; no person answered; I went up stairs, and as I was going up, I heard a person come out of the room and go up two pair of stairs; and at the foot of the two pair of stairs, I found the shirt I had pulled off; the prisoner laying on the floor seemingly asleep; I called to him and asked him what business he had there, and how he got in; he said a man, 
               
                  Bill
                   Eaves
               



            , sent him there to sleep; one who is of the same regiment with me; this 
               
                  Bill
                   Eaves
               



             was on guard; I told him to come down, for I was very sure he had no business there; he came down to my shop, and asked me if I thought he came there to rob me; I said it looked very much like the matter, as I was sure he must have taken something; he said he came in at the back door, the back door was open at that time; the prisoner took off his coat and asked me if he had got any thing belonging to me; I told him he had got nothing of any bulk, and if he had any private concern, as he was a soldier
 of the same regiment, I should know where to find him; my wife came, and we found there were thirty six-pieces of copper halfpence taken out of the tea-chest, which was broke open. When I saw him take off his coat, I heard the jingle of halfpence in his pocket; he went away, and about half an hour after I found him.


                  ANN
                   WRINGER
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of the last witness; I left my house about a quarter after four; about ten minutes before I left it, I took in halfpenny out of my tea chest to buy some gooseberries, and locked my tea chest safe; and when I went out I bolted my back door and locked my fore door and went to my sister's; in about half an hour afterwards my husband came to me for the key; I had left the shirt on the chair in the far end of the room; when I went home I found my tea chest broke open, and the eighteen pennyworth of halfpence were all gone.


                  WILLIAM
                   ASTON
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of Queen Square, Westminster;on the 31st of October the prosecutor came to me, and I took the prisoner in the Broad-way, Westminster, between five and six o'clock; I took him to the Wolf and Grapes; and found nine pence halfpenny upon him in halfpence; I went afterwards to the house, and it appeared to me by a mark on a sieve at the window that the man had slept up there, and got in at the window: I found this tea chest broke open, standing on the table; I also have a shirt. (Produced, and deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.


                  John
                   Hunt
               



            , who lodged at Wringer's, had offered me to lodge with him, and I went in backward, and went up and was asleep when Wringer came, being intoxicated; I told him I hoped he did not think I came there to do him any harm; and I would be very happy if he would search me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
