





168. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of January
 six quart pewter pots, value 6 s. and six pint pewter pots, value 3 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Maxwell
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER
                   MAXWELL
               



             sworn.
I keep the Cross keys
 in Long-acre


; the 6th of this month I lost six quart pots and six pint pots, about a quarter before seven on Wednesday evening; they were left at a carpenter's door; I left them myself there, they were on a strap; I went up a court just by there; I returned in about five minutes and the pots were gone; my name was on them, and the sign of my house; I never had sold any with my name and sign on them; I saw the pots with the prisoner in Gore-street, about half an hour after. The patrole has the pots, his name is Manning.
Prisoner. Was there a pot there among them that was not your's? - There was one pot on the strap that was not mine.


                  DENNIS
                   MANNING
               



             sworn.
I am one of the patroles under the direction of Sir Sampson Wright; nearly about six o'clock on Wednesday night I saw the prisoner at the bar carrying a strap of pots over his shoulder; I followed him from nearly the end of Great Queen-street that come into Drury-lane, up into Lewkener's-lane, and he went on about ten yards, and there I asked him where he had brought them pots from? he said, he was taking of them for his master; I asked him what his master's name was; and he could not tell me; I asked him where his master lived; he said, he keeps the Bull's head lower down in the same street, and if I was to go with him he would shew me the place; a soldier coming by I commanded him in the King's name to aid and abet; we brought him from there to a house in Drury-lane, and I saw that the Cross keys, Long-acre, was on the pots; I took him then into the first public house, Drury-lane; after we came down Lewkener's-lane we took him into a coal shed, he began to be fractious then, and then he 
               
                  drew
               


             this knife in the coal shed and opened it, and he damned his bloody eyes and limbs if he did not cut my bloody melt out; and at making to cut me he cut the soldier that was aiding and abetting me; and he cut him in two places; it was in my taking the knife out of his hand that in aiming to cut me he cut the soldier; we took him at last to the Brown bear; he was carried that night before the magistrate; I got the pots from the Brown bear this morning; I marked some of them when I left them there.
Prisoner. Pray when you laid hold of me first did not you take my hat away and knocked me down with a stick? - I did not knock him down with a stick; I did not take his hat away; I never struck him; at the time the soldier and me were bringing him along, one of his shoes slipped off and his hat fell off.



                  THOMAS
                   TURNBULL
               



             sworn.
I am a soldier in the third regiment of foot guards; Manning called on me to assist him in Lewkener's-lane; I saw nobody except the prisoner and Manning; I met the prisoner first and then Manning, and he ordered me to assist him in the King's name; I did, to the best of my power, we took him to a public house in Drury-lane, and there we looked at the pots, we took him then to a coal shed, the corner of Carter-lane; I went with him to Bow-street, and he was committed, and the prosecutor came there to claim the pots; the pots were left at the Brown bear. (The pots deposed to.)
Q. Did he make use of any knife? - He was striking the patrole, with that he cut me on the back of my hand.
Prisoner. I was coming down Drury-lane and I met a man with these pots, and he said, his pot boy was gone away and if I would carry them to the Bull's head in Lewkener's-lane he would give me 6 d. and that man would not let me go with them, and he would not go along with me; as to drawing my knife I never drew it at all, it is not my knife.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)
Court. Prisoner it is necessary to make examples of men who conduct themselves as you have done; the sentence of the court upon you, therefore is, that you be 


               transported for seven years
            , to pass beyond the seas to such place as his Majesty, with the advice of his Privy council, shall see fit to declare and appoint.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
