






215. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of February
, a pair of women's stays, value 20 s. two gowns, value 40 s. a muslin handkerchief, value 2 s. an umbrella, value 5 s. and other goods, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Pitt
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Richard
                         Moody
                     



.


                  MARGARET
                   PITT
               



             sworn.
I was a servant
 out of place, and took my clothes to Mr. Moody, to have them safe; I did not lodge there; Mr. Moody lives in New Bond-street


; I can only swear to my property.


                  RICHARD
                   MOODY
               



             sworn.
I am a milkman, in New Bond-street; I know nothing of the loss, nor ever saw the things; I know the prisoner; she was my servant, and had been so seven weeks, all but three days; my wife and I, on the 24th of February, went out about five in the afternoon, and came back again about eight, and found the servant gone, and the place left open.


                  RICHARD
                   LOVETT
               



             sworn.
I am an officer. In consequence of an information, I went to Lambeth, and found in the prisoner's room one gown, an umbrella, a muslin handkerchief, and an apron; and here are some other things, which I found in South Audley-street, where she had left them to be washed. (The things produced, and deposed to.) I also found a duplicate of a pair of stays.
A WITNESS sworn.
I am a servant to a pawnbroker; I have got a pair of stays, which I received from the prisoner on the 25th of February; I had known her before.
(The stays deposed to.)
Court to 
               
                  Margaret
                   Pitt
               



            . Were all these things now produced left at Moody's house? - They were.
When? - Nine days before they were taken away.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
             (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
