





32. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     LEVINGSTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Fellows
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night of the first of Dec
. and burglariously and feloniously stealing therein eleven pair of cotton stockings, value 40 s. the goods of the said 
                     
                        Edward
                         Fellows
                     



.


                  EDWARD
                   FELLOWS
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 91, on the Terrace, Tottenham Court Road


; I am an housekeeper, haberdadasher and hosier
; on the first of Dec. last, about seven in the evening, I was standing in the parlour, I heard one of the squares of the glass smash; my shop was open, the door of the house was shut up; we keep open till ten or twelve o'clock on Saturdays; I heard a pane of glass break belonging to the shop, it was quite dark; I immediately ran to my door, found the door tied by the handle of the door to the iron railing; by means of a sudden jirk the cord broke. I then ran out into the street, found the prisoner Levingston; I broke the cord in a moment, I found the prisoner in the custody of Mr. Nichols, I never knew the prisoner before, he was then struggling very hard to get away; I found the hose very near the prisoner, eleven pair of stockings; I picked up the stockings and ran to the constable Hatch, and he came and took the prisoner to the watch-house.


                  JOHN
                   NICHOLS
               



             sworn.
I had never seen the prisoner before that evening; passing very near the prisoner I heard a noise of breaking the glass, I directed my attention towards where the noise came, I saw the prisoner running with a parcel, I called out stop thief, least with the speed he was running, he might escape me, on which he dropped the bundle; and before any assistance came, I secured him, and held him till Mr. Fellows came. He was never out of my sight, nor ten yards from me, I took him instantaneously, and held him, and never let him go till he was in the care of the constable; the stockings are in court.


                  ROBERT
                   HATCH
               



             sworn.
I produce the bundle, it has been in my custody ever since I received it; I came up at the time the prisoner was struggling with Mr. Nichols on the ground, it was all done in two minutes I dare say. I opened them at Mr. Fellows's, they were a bundle that stood in the window to shew.
Court to Prosecutor. Had you eleven pair of stockings all in one bundle? - Just as they are now, they were intended to shew, all tied up together.
Prisoner. I had been with a letter to the top of Charles-street, Tottenham Court Road, coming home I saw several people run pass me, stop thief was called out, and this gentleman took me up in his arms, and said to me stop, or I'll dash your brains out; I had no stockings, no bundle at all; I was going back again after I had been with the letter.
Court to Fellows. Had you seen these stockings in the window that day? - Ihad, they were in the form of a bundle when I took them up.
Q. Was the pane of glass of sufficient magnitude to have these bundles taken out of your shop? - Yes, it was a large square of glass.




               GUILTY, of stealing, but not of the Burglary
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
