





13. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARROLD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Edmund 
                           Rabbats
                        




                     
                  , at the hour of eight in the night, on the second of December
, and burglariously stealing therein one boiling copper, value 10 s. belonging to him, and being a certain utensil fixed and fastened to the said dwelling house of the said Edmund, he the said William having no title, or claim of title thereto, and one iron nozzel of a leaden pump, belonging to the said Edmund, fixed and fastened to his dwelling house
            .


                  EDMUND
                   RABBATS
               



             sworn.
I live in the coal yard, St. Giles's


; on the second of December, my house was robbed about eight at night, the yard was open, the pump and copper stand in the yard; I charged the prisoner, on information,having missed the things in the indictment: Mr. Taylor found the nozzle of the pump in the prisoner's possession.


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
The night of this robbery, Mr. Rabbats was at my house at the time, and about eight there was a message sent to inform him of the robbery; I went with the prosecutor to his house, and found the things gone, the handle of the pump broke off; the leaden nozzle twisted off, and the iron rod taken out of the bucket of the pump; we looked round to see if we could see any body, but in vain; I took him to the watch-house, and asked if he had any accomplices; he said he had none; I made him no promises; he said the nozzle of the pump and the iron work he had sold to Mr. Herbert, one of the witnesses, for seven pence, and he asked him if he would buy a copper, and he said yes; and that he carried it to Mr. Harper, who would not buy it, and that he sold it at another place for three shillings and four pence; I took him to Litchfield street: a search warrant was granted, but I could not find the copper there.
Prosecutor. The nozzle is like mine, but one may be like another; it is about the size of mine; I never compared it.
Taylor. I have tried it: it fits, I know the nozzle, for I am the plumber that made the pump.


                  JOSEPH
                   HERBERT
               



             sworn.
I cannot say I know the prisoner, some person brought me the nozzle of a pump to sell; I am not certain sure, but I really believe that is the man that stands there.


                  ELIZABETH
                   GRADY
               



             sworn.
I locked the door, the middle of the day, and the copper was in the place.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming home that night; I came into the yard; I heard the copper was stolen, the day after I was hard at work in my father's shop in the house, and they took me to the round house, and he frightened me; I did not know what I said.
Jury to the Prosecutor. This robbery might have been at four for aught you know? - Yes; it might; I was told of it at night.




               GUILTY
            

(Of stealing to the value of seven pence, not of the Burglary).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
