





359. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WHITE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, 700 pounds weight of lead, value 5 l. affixed to a certain building, called Pinner Chapel



, the property of the Reverend




                     Walter 
                     Williams
                  



               
            .
Indicted in a second COUNT laying it to belong to 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smart
                  



               
             and 
               
                  John
                   - 
               



            . Chapel Wardens.
Indicted in a third COUNT laying it to belong to the inhabitants of Pinner.
(The case opened by Mr. Schoen.)


                  JOHN
                   SMART
               



             sworn.
I am one of the Chapel Wardens of Pinner Chapel; I saw the Chapel on the 13th of January, the Parish Clerk called on me on Sunday morning; and I went and I saw the lead was gone from the Chapel, a great deal was taken off.
Q. At what time had you seen it perfect? - I cannot tell what particular time.
Q. Did it appear to be recently done? - Yes, the Chapel belongs to the inhabitants and the Reverend Walter Williams; the lead appeared to be cut off with a sharp instrument, this knife was left; 1500 pounds weight was put on to replace it.


                  WILLIAM
                   MIDDLETON
               



             sworn.
I keep the Swan at Sudbury-green. On the 12th of January, in the afternoon, there came two men in a horse and cart into my house, I keep a public house; one was dressed in a blue surtout coat and a round hat, and a pair of boots; they stopped there about half or three quarters of an hour, or somewhere thereabouts; while they were there there came two more, and they had some refreshment; and then they all went on the road, all four of them together, they took the cart and horse on with them; I don't know either of them.


                  THOMAS
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I have a field near Pinner Town; when I came to the gate, I saw there had been a horse and cart in, this was after the robbery, I went round and I found a good deal of hay pulled out of the rick by horses, and when the cart went out I could track the horse and cart towards Pinner, instead of the track the way it came in.
Q. Did you see where the horse and cart stood? - I did.
Q. Did you observe any appearance there? - The horse had trampled a good deal, and appeared to have stood two or three hours, I cannot tell how long; it is about a quarter of a mile from Pinner Chapel.


                  NICHOLAS
                   WORTH
               



             sworn.
I was servant to the prisoner White. On the 12th of January, Mr. White and I went down the stable and put the horse into the cart, about four o'clock in the afternoon by Mr. White's order, we went directly out to Paddington towards Pinner Chapel; we came to the public house the Swan on the Pinner-road; there Lamb and Hughes joined us, and from there we went towards Harrow, and went through Harrow; and we went into afield to a hay rick, and there we laid down for the course of two or three hours, I cannot say which; we came out from there and went to Pinner, and there we helped up one another to the top of the Church, and there we cut the lead, Hughes cut the most of it, and me and White rolled up the best part of it the other man was looking out most of the time; I believe he fetched down one piece; I cannot say whether he fetched down more or not; we brought it from the church, and went and fetched the horse and cart, within one hundred yards of the church, and there the cart was backed, and we put the lead in, and brought it to town, and came to town about ten o'clock on Sunday morning.
Court to Middleton. Look at the witness? - He is the man that came first with the horse and cart.
Mr. Schoen to Worth. Did you all four come to town together? - At Paddington Hughes left us and went on before the cart on the foot path.
Q. Did any thing happen as you came to town? - No, nothing; I drove the cart, and Mr. White walked and paid the turnpikes, from Paddington to Blenheim Mews, where the horse and cart stands; when we came to Blenheim Mews we took the horse out of the cart and put the horse up there. We took up some geese at Paddington and brought them to town, we drove the three geese from the Pond; we plucked and dressed one for Sunday's dinner, and we left two unplucked.
Q. What became of the lead the next day? - White and I drove the cart down to Baker's.
Mr. Knapp. Have you ever been in this court before? - No, only as a witness, that was when I was thirteen years old.
Q. Pray how long was it before you told this story against the prisoner? - Directly I was taken.
JAMES BAKER sworn.
I know the man at the bar very well; I saw him about the 4th of January, he came to my brother's warehouse with some lead, and his man Worth, was with him.
Q. How did he bring the lead? - In the cart; there was six or seven hundred weight, I cannot say particularly; my brother bought it, I weighed it.
Mr. Knapp. Did you ever see the prisoner before in your life? - Yes, several times.
Q. It was all like old lead? - It was old lead.
Court to Smart. Do you know whether the lead fitted? - No, the lead was sold; we could not obtain any lead.


                  MATTHEW
                   SWIFT
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner. On the 14th of January I searched his house, and found two geese not pulled, and the feathers, wings, and feet of another goose; I apprehended the prisoner on the 5th of February.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30
.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
