







759. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     WILKINSON
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     CAMPPELL
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DIXON
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
 last, half a guinea and 8 s.
             the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Burch
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BURCH
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
; I lost half a guinea, and eight shillings in silver; between four and five in the afternoon, I went in to have a drop of beer, and there were four women, and one asked me to drink; the prisoners were three of the women, I told her I had no objection, and we drank a pot of porter and half a pint of gin, and a quartern of gin, and putting my hand into my pocket, I slipped a shilling down the lining of my breeches, and while I was looking for that, the three prisoners inclosed me, and violently took my money out of my purse; I could not prevent them; one round my neck, and another round me; and I had a metal watch, and I could not save both; I never saw my money since; I was as sober as I am now, but mellow; I can swear to the three prisoners; I will take my oath before any magistrate under God Almighty's Heavens.


                  JOSEPH
                   NIBLETT
               



             sworn.
I know nothing more than taking the woman into custody; I searched them, but I found nothing on them.
Prisoners. The prosecutor had two women in his company a little before.
Prosecutor. There was no soul in the world, but me and those four women.
When did you see your money last? - When I took my purse out to pay for the liquor.
ALL THREE 


               GUILTY. 10 d
            .






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
