





91. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     YATES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of December
, a cotton petticoat, value 4d. a cotton gown, value 4d. two linen shifts, value 3s. a linen sheet, value 2s. two linen caps, value 18d. two linen aprons, value 18d. two flat irons, value 18d. one cotton frock, value 6d. a cotton handkerchief, value 18d. a linen table-cloth, value 1s. a linen frock, value 8d. and two cotton petticoats, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Butler
               




            .
JOSEPH BUTLER sworn.
I keep a little coal-shed
 in Carnaby-Market, No. 38: I hired the prisoner at the bar on the 13th of October, to nurse my sick wife and three small children; one died before she went away; she was pawning the things all the time she was there, but I never missed them till the 4th of December; there were many different articles; they are here in Court.
Q. That is all you know? - A. Yes.


                  ANN
                   MYNESS
               



             sworn.
I am a married woman, I go out a charing to gentlemen's houses; I know the property to be Mr. Butler's.
Q. Do you know how it was taken from him? - A. No; a constable found the tickets in the prisoner's pocket; that is all I know.


                  JOSEPH
                   FARR
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker, the corner of Cross-court, Carnaby-street; I took these things in of the prisoner, from the 15th of October to the 3d of December, at different times: On the 15th of October, I took in a child's petticoat; on the 16th, a child's gown; 17th, a child's handkerchief; 24th, a child's petticoat; 27th, a bed-gown; 31st, a cap; November the 2d, a white apron; 4th, a handkerchief; 7th, a handkerchief; 14th, a handkerchief; 16th, a flat iron; 17th, a frock; 23d, a white apron; 24th, a flat iron; 25th, a coloured apron; 28th, a handkerchief; December the 1st, a table-cloth; 2d, a frock, &c. 8d.; ditto, two shifts; 3d. two children's petticoats.
Q. Have you got all these things here? - A. Yes.(produces them.)
Q. You are sure you took them in of the prisoner? - A. Yes; she pawned them in the name of Yates; I knew her by her coming at different times to our shop; I asked her where she lived, she said, in Carnaby-Market.
Q. You made no enquiries about them? - A. No; she said, they were her own.
Q. Did you put her description on the duplicate? - A. Yes; 
               
                  Ann
                   Yates
               



            , Carnaby-Market.
Q. You never asked her in what way of life she was? - A. No.
Q. Let me see the duplicates; (They are handed up.) I see there are some in the name of Yates, but not all? - A. Above half of them, I believe, are.
Q. Here is one of the name of Cousins? - A. That was a person she said was a cousin of her's, that used to come for her.
Q. And there are some in other names? - A. I don't know who it was brought them.
Q. Are you sure as to the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you live with Mr. Reedes? - A. Yes; I am an apprentice to him.
Prisoner. I did not pledge them that are in the name of Cousins.


                  JAMES
                   KENNEDY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street: On the 4th of December, the prosecutor came to me, and acquainted me, that he was robbed; I went with him and took the prisoner in custody; in searching her pockets, I found the duplicate your Lordship has just seen.
Court. (To the Pawnbroker.) Q. Where are your duplicates? - A. They are upon the articles.
Kennedy. I found these duplicates, and this little shirt, which led me to the pawnbroker's.
Q. (To the Pawnbroker.) Do your duplicates correspond with these? - A. Yes.
Prisoner. I took them to pawn to get the woman more support than her husband allowed her.
Q. (To the Prosecutor.) Look at these things;do you know any of them? - A. Some of them: this table-cloth has my mark; and this sheet is marked; the child's things I know by sight, but I cannot pretend to swear to them; my wife died too, and lay a corpse in the house at the time some of these things were pawned; this child's bed-gown I know very well, it belonged to my child that died, six months old.
Mrs. Myness. I can swear to this frock and shawl; it is the property of Mr. Butler; they were my property before, and I sold them to the deceased.
Court. (To Butler.) Q. Upon your oath, did she pawn any of these things for the support of your wife? - A. No, my Lord, upon my oath, she wanted for nothing.
Mrs. Myness. The last article that was pledged was while the man was gone out with his wife's corpse.
Q. (To Mrs. Myness.) Was that defence set up before the Magistrate? - A. No, my Lord.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 35.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
Court. You have aggravated your crime exceedingly: in the first place, you were taken into the house of a poor man to nurse his wife and child; to take advantage of that, is such an offence, as calls loudly for punishment; and, therefore, be assured, that the highest punishment that the law can inflict upon you, I shall think it my duty to inflict.
Court. (To the Pawnbroker.) You know perfectly well, that, by Act of Parliament, you are bound to put upon your duplicates, not only the name, but place of abode of the person pledging things, for the purpose of detection; in no one instance, in all these duplicates, have you put down the name of the place of her abode; and you, yourself, knowing her name to be Yates, to receive them in the name of Cousins. Depend upon it, if you had been brought here for receiving stolen goods, I should have thought it my duty to leave it to the Jury, to consider whether you did not take these things into your house, knowing them to be stolen. Your's is a very useful business, when properly conducted.
Foreman of the Jury. My Lord, the Jury wish to return you thanks.




[Transportation. See summary.]


