





206. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WEST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of March
, sixteen yards of canvas, value 18s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Jenkins
                  




               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  JOHN
                   COUTLAND
               



             sworn. - I am servant to 
               
                  Robert
                   Jenkins
               



            , a sail-maker
, at St. Catherine's


: We lost the greatest part of a bolt of canvas, as we call it, a bolt consists of from forty to forty-three yards.
Q. Do you know what time this piece was lost? - A. About the beginning of March.


                  JOHN
                   BIGGS
               



             sworn. - I am an apprentice to Mr. Jenkins.
Q. What age are you? - A. Near upon twenty-one.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. Yes; I have known him for nine months past, he is a labourer in the King's Brewhouse.
Q. Did you and he take any canvas from your master's warehouse? - A. Yes; the first piece of canvas that I took was on the 3d of March, which was on the Sunday, about seven o'clock in the morning, he was not with me then; very near eight o'clock the prisoner went with me into my master's warehouse, the canvas was upon the shelf, I took it off the shelf; I was going to measure it, I turned round to look for the yard, and he said, do not stand to measure it now, for we shall be caught; then he put the canvas in the bag himself,while I was looking for two skains of twine, which I put into the bag, that was his bag; he took the bag away, and I stopped to lock the door; I then went to his house, and measured the canvas by my hand, it measured twelve yards; I received five shillings for my share of it.
Q. You went home afterwards - drunk or sober? - A. Drunk.
Q. And then your master taxed you with it? - A. Yes.


                  ROBERT
                   JENKINS
               



             sworn. - Biggs came home to me on Sunday morning, the 3d of March, very much intoxicated, that occasioned me to question him, which led to this discovery.


                  HENRY
                   LADD
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to the Marine Police-office: The prisoner was examined at our office.
Q. Were any promises made to induce him to confess? - A. No, nor any threats. (The examination of the prisoner read.)
The prisoner, William West, acknowledges, that after taking part of the first piece of canvas on Sunday morning, the 3d instant, for which he says he paid six shillings and sixpence; he accompanied Biggs to Mr. Jenkins's warehouse, where Biggs put another piece of canvas into his bag, but says, Biggs carried the bag to the warehouse, put the canvas into it, and carried it down stairs, where being on the outside of the gate, and in the street, Biggs gave him the said bag; while Biggs returned to lock the door of the warehouse, he, the prisoner, carried it home, where it was measured; there were twelve yards of it, and he paid Biggs six shillings for it.
Prisoner's defence. I was never before a Magistrate in my life before.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 39.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Lord KENYON.
