





251. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ASKEW
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th day of May
, eight yards and a half of muslin, value 20 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Jellicoe
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  RICHARD
                   JELLICOE
               



             sworn.
I live in London Wall


. I am an upholder
. I heard the cry of stop thief! I saw the prisoner running: he ran down Broker-row; I pursued him till a person stopped him.


                  MARGARET
                   JELLICOE
               



             sworn.
I carry on business in the muslin way. On Thursday, the 10th of May, about eleven o'clock, I had occasion to use this muslin; I took it out of a box, and laid it on the counter: the maid informed me there was a boy gone out of the shop; I went into the shop and missed the muslin from the counter: the maid was in the parlour: I went to the door and saw a boy running away; I saw the muslin in the horse ride; the boy was not three yardsfrom it; no one but him was running, nor any body else there; I brought it home, and the constable gave it me.


                  MARY
                   RAVENS
               



             sworn.
I was servant at the time of this robbery. I saw 
               
                  William
                   Askew
               



            , the prisoner, go out of the shop about eleven o'clock in the forenoon; I did not see him take any thing; I am sure I saw him go from the counter; I did not see him take any thing; I gave the alarm to Margaret Jellicoe; and she asked me which way he went, and I said to the right; she pursued him.


                  Margaret
                   Jellicoe
               



            . The muslin was upon the counter not three minutes before it was missed.


                  STEPHEN
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. About half an hour past eleven I was sent for to Mr. Jellicoe: I secured the prisoner, and have kept the muslin ever since.
(Miss Jellicoe deposes to the muslin.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going on an errand when this affair happened, and as I was running they took me.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.




[Transportation. See summary.]


