





444. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of May
, a Banknote, value 40l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Simpson
                  




               
            .
EDWARD SIMPSON sworn. - On the 23d of May, I lost a 40l. Bank-note; I sent one of my clerks to receive 40l. in a check, his name is 
               
                  William
                   Curtis
               



            , he called at the banker's as he came along, and received a 40l. Bank-note for the check; he brought it back to my warehouse; I never saw the note myself till I saw it at the office.
WILLIAM CURTIS sworn. - On Wednesday, the 23d of May, I went to Flint and Palmer's, to receive 40l. I received a check upon Newnham, Everitt, and Tibbetts; I went to their banking shop, and received a 40l. Bank-note for it; I delivered the Bank-note into Mr. Jones's hands; Mr. Jones is not here.
Q. Did you see what Jones did with it? - A. No. About half an hour after, Mr. Jones called to me to know if I had seen that note. I saw the note again about half an hour, upon the desk where Mr. Jones had put it.
Q. How it came upon the desk, you do not know, of your own knowledge? - A. No. I then put it into the iron drawer. When I came, about eight in the evening, Jones asked me for the note, and when I came to look for it, it was gone; I never saw it afterwards.


                  THOMAS
                   HORNE
               



             sworn. - On the 28th of May, the wife of the prisoner came to our shop, Mr. Tuther's, a linen-draper, upon Holborn-hill; she bought several articles, and produced a note for 40l. I took the note of her and gave it to Mr. Tuther, and he returned me the change, which was 33l. 3s. Mr. Tuther kept the note.
Q. He is not here? - A. No.


                  JOHN
                   WRAY
               



             sworn. - I am one of the officers belonging to Worship-street: In consequence of Mr. Simpson applying for a search-warrant, I went, in company with Mr. Simpson, to the prisoner's apartments, in Bedford-street, Strand; I enquired for the prisoner and he was denied, and I went into a room upon the ground-floor, where the prisoner was in bed; I searched his breeches-pockets, and found three two pounds notes, and two ones, a half-guinea, and seven shillings; I found a key which led to a drawer in the adjoining room, there I found five guineas and a half; I searched further, and in another room I found a five pound note, two half-guineas, a guinea, and a seven-shilling-piece; I secured him and his wife, and coming along in the coach, he begged for mercy, and said, he had taken it for the sake of his wife, and meant to have replaced it again.
Q. Had you said any thing to him to induce him to say that? - A. No; he said he owed a number of small debts, and that this was change out of the forty pound note.
Simpson. He gave me a list of the places where he had disposed of the money, and how he had disposed of it. (Produces it).
Q. Did you make use of any kind of promise or threat? - A. No; he told me he had taken the note off the desk.
Q. Did he say how much the note was for? - A. Yes, forty pounds; the list that he gave me amounted to 41l. 17s. 11d. he said he had some loose cash about him which made the difference.
Q. Was it at all mentioned in his hearing that it was a forty pound note, specifying the sum? - A. No.
Q. Have you any partner? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. On Tuesday, the 22d of May, a forty pound note was missing, I was in the warehouse, I heard of it; there was a noise about it, and we were all called up except one, a Mr. Jones, who I believe is a partner with Mr. Simpson, who might have had it for any thing I know; Mr. Simpson has a great number of servants; I was searched from top to toe and nothing was found, none of the rest were searched; I went to work as usual till Whit-Monday, and then I begged for a holiday, which he agreed to, and then I told him I had got a place superior to his, and I did not go again till Thursday, when I was apprehended; I did not make any resistance. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
