





373. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a leather pocket-book value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Ray
               




            , May the 17th
.


                  EDWARD
                   RAY
               



             sworn.
On Saturday the 7th of this month, between eleven and twelve o'clock, as I was walking through Fenchurch-street


, I heard a cry of pickpocket. I turned round, and a gentleman took hold of my arm and charged the prisoner with having taken a pocket-book out of my pocket; as I neither saw nor felt him do it, I can only swear to the property which I found at his feet.


                  JOHN
                   PEARCE
               



             sworn.
On Saturday the 7th of this month, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was in Fenchurch-street. I saw the prisoner in company with two others; the prisoner beckoned to the others to follow him close, and they made a run up to him immediately. As they got to the prisoner they followed Mr. Ray very close, and I saw the prisoner put his hand into his pocket and take out a red pocket-book. I immediately tapped Mr. Ray, and told him the prisoner had picked his pocket of his pocket-book. Mr. Ray turned round, and the first thing that struck his attention was the pocketbook lying on the ground at the prisoner's feet. Mr. Ray immediately took it up; I laid hold of the prisoner and took him over to the oil shop, and got a constable and gave charge of him.
(The pocket-book was produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor).
Prisoner's defence. I was going to the India-house to get a captain to go to India; going there I was accused of taking that gentleman's pocketbook innocently. I saw a pocket-book lying; he took me to the oil shop, and I was examined by Alderman Pickett, and committed for trial.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
