





593. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     AYRES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Pritt
                     




                  , about the hour of three in the afternoon of the 15th of October


, 
                     
                        James
                         Pritt
                     



                  , 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Stevens
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        Mary
                         Frost
                     



                   being therein, and feloniously stealing five children's frocks, value 5s. five cotton frocks, value 5s. two children's great coats, value 4s. five linen pin-cloths, value 2s. 6d. and a diaper table cloth, value 2s. 6d. the property of the said 
                     
                        James
                         Pritt
                     



.


                  MARY
                   FROST
               



             sworn.
I am cook and servant to Mr. Pritt, No. 15, Wood-street, Cheapside


; the house was robbed last Saturday week; I and my master and the young man in the warehouse were in the house at the time; the prisoner came straight out of the street into the kitchen to me, I was at the fire side; I never saw her before; the kitchen is up one pair of stairs; she directly asked me if I was the cook; I answered her, yes; she asked me if I knew such a person, a widow woman; I answered her, no; I have forgot what the name was; she asked me who was in the dining-room, I told her my master; the dining-room is directly opposite the kitchen; and then she walked down stairs; I watched her half-way, and she pulled her shoes off; I caught her on the kitchen stairs with the things in her arm; I never lost sight of her; I am sure she is the same woman.
Q. Did you find any thing upon her? - A. Yes; she dropped the things directly at my feet; five children's frocks, five cotton frocks, two children's great coats, five linen pin-cloths, a pair of silk stockings, and one diaper table cloth.
Q. Where were these things taken from? - A. Out of the room over the kitchen.
Q.Was that room open or shut do you know? - A. Shut and locked; I was the last person that came out of it on the Friday, and was never in it on the Saturday.
Q. Whose room was it? - A. It was a spare room belonging to the dwelling-house.
Q. Who keeps the key of that room? - A. The key was on a ledge by the side of the door.
Q. Was any part of the house-door broke? - A. No; it appeared to have been opened by a key.
Q. When did you first look at the door? - A. About five minutes after she was gone; between three and four o'clock.
Q. Did you find the key of the door where you left it? - A. No; the door was wide open, and the key in it.
Q. Was the outer door of the house open so that any body could come up? - Yes; it was upon the latch.
Q. How long had you seen the street-door before? - A. About an hour before; it was then shut upon the latch.
Q. Did you hear her open the latch to come in? - A. No.
Q. Had any body else in the house been out or gone in after you had seen the door safe? - A. It is an open warehouse; so that I cannot swear to that.
Q. When you stopped her upon the stairs, what did she say? - A. She said, she was no thief.


                  HANNAH
                   PRITT
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of James Pritt: I was not at home when this happened; I can only prove the property, I had seen them on the Wednesday.
THOMAS STEVENS sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Pritt: I was in the house at the time of the robbery; I was going from the warehouse to the counting-house, and saw this woman coming down stairs; she had something in her apron, but I did not see her drop the things; upon my standing to look at her, she turned round, and just at that instant Mary Frost came down stairs behind her; I had stood a bit looking at her, and she turned round again with her back towards me; and then she was running down stairs as fast as she could without any thing in her apron, and then I saw the things lying upon the stairs; I asked her what she wanted, and who she was, but she would not tell me; I then rung the bell, and Mr. Pritt came down stairs; she was then detained, a constable was sent for, and the things delivered to him.
- NEWMAN sworn.
I am a constable: I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody; I picked these things up upon the stairs; I have had them ever since.
Mrs. Pritt. There is a child's pin cloth marked 
               
                  G.P. 
               


            which I can swear to; I believe them all to be my property; I missed them out of that room.
Prisoner's defence. I have two poor fatherless children; I have nobody to trust to but God and you.
For the Prisoner.


                  DAVID
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner all my life time; she is my own sister; I never heard any thing against her in all my life; she never let me know that she was in custody.
Q. How long is it since you saw her? - A. About three months; I understood she was married to a man of the name of Ayres.
Q. Do you know how she got her livelihood? - A. By working hard as a servant; I was here accidentally as a witness upon another trial; she has not let any body know of it. 


               GUILTY
            .
Of stealing goods to the value of 10d.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
