





459. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SCHROEDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of August
, a cotton gown, value 2s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smout
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET
                   SMOUT
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  John
                   Smout
               



            , housekeepers, at No. 15, Old street, Soho


; the prisoner at the bar came and knocked at the door, and the maid opened the door, and he presented this bill; I was not present; she rung the bell; Mr. Cokum came down stairs; I came down while he was in the passage; I was coming up the street when he knocked at the door; I did not hear him knock.
Q. Where did you find the prisoner standing? - Within the passage. I went up and stood at the yard door, with my child in my arms, the yard of the house, and Mr. Cokum came down stairs, and he gave Mr. Cokum this paper; I see him, and Mr. Cokum turned it over, seeing so many names, but he could not make any thing out of it.
Q. Did he give it you? - No, he did not. We found it in the passage, before we took him out of the passage, Mr. Cokum could not understand what he said, he spoke German, he would not speak English; and Mr. Cokum says, come up stairs, I have one of your countrymen in my shop, and he will tell me what you want. With that he went up stairs, and I stood at the yard door, and I heard the shop door shut, and I heardthe foot coming down stairs, and I heard it stop.
Q. Which is the shop door? - It is the top of the house. I heard the foot stop, and I turned from the yard door to go up stairs, and I met him on the last flight of stairs; he had got something under his coat; I said, what have you got there? and he said nothing, but pushed by me, and I stopped him at the parlour and pulled the gown from under his coat.
Q. Where was this gown kept? - It was laying on the cradle; I had it to cover my child in the cradle, in the dining room, in the first floor.
Q. Did he pass that dining room to come out of the shop? - Yes. I have kept it ever since.
Q. You are sure it is your's? - Yes.
Q. When did you find that paper? -After he was taken away, to go to the justice. He got away, and they called out after him and brought him back.
Prisoner. I went there to enquire for Mr. Smout, who is a Sweedish gentleman. Ask her whether the gown was not on the same premises when I was brought back again? - Yes, because at our parlour door I pulled the property from under his coat, and then he got out of the street door.
Prisoner. When I came down stairs the gown was on the banisters; she said so before the justice? - No, it was in the cradle.
Court. You did not see him come out of the dining room? - I did not.


                  JAMES
                   KENNEDY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street. On the 25th of August, there was a call of stop thief; in the street; the prosecutor lives just by my house; I went to the street and took the prisoner into custody; the mob was about him at the time.
Prisoner. That gentleman did not take me, a shoe-maker took me.
Court to Kennedy. He was delivered up to you, I suppose? - Yes.
Q. How far was this from the house of the lady? - A hundred yards, not much further. I took him strait to the office, and I told her to follow me to Marlborough-street office; she was among the people.
Q. What did she charge him with? - With taking a gown.
Q. Did the shew you a gown at that time? - No. In searching him I found these fourteen petticoats, and every one of them is to a different trade, signed all by a surgeon.
Prisoner. When I came to this gentlewoman's house, I was recommended by a German, with a letter; I went up stairs, coming down stairs they gave me an answer that I was to call again the next day. There was a gown on the banisters, and when I came down stairs I never touched the gown at all; I am as innocent as a child unborn; I came out and went out of doors, and the lady called out stop him! and a shoe-maker stopped me; the said Mr. Kennedy did not make his appearance at all, he was only the officer in Marlborough-street. When we did come there I was committed to New Prison, Clerkenwell; I was there from Tuesday till Saturday, and then I was discharged from the justice; the lady did not make her appearance, and then I was remanded back to New Prison for three weeks; then on Saturday they found a bill against me, which I am as innocent of as a child unborn. I was quite entirely discharged from the justice.
Court to Prosecutrix. Was this man examined once or twice? - He was only examined once before me; he was to be brought up the next day on account of a watch that he had on him; theythought to find out to whom it belonged.
Prisoner. Mr. Kirby knows very well. I have a wife and three small children, and have lost one of my eyes.
Court to Prosecturix. Was he brought back to the house? - Yes, the mob brought him back, and then as we were going from the house again Mr. Kennedy met him.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 26)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
