






273. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     VINCENT
                  



               
            , was indicted for feloniously 


               stealing, on the 19th day of May
, one live cock fowl value 4 s. two live hens, &c. value 3 s. and eight hens eggs, &c. value 8 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Geo. 
                     Bidden
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   BIDDEN
               



             sworn.
I am a gentleman in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch


; on Saturday evening the 19th of May, the fowls were all safe in an arched vault; I missed them on the Sunday; I gave information at Mr. Spiller's office, and Harper sent to me from Kingsland-road about five o'clock in the afternoon, there I saw a hen and eight eggs.


                  SAMUEL
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
I received information of this robbery, and went to the prisoner's house, and he said he had no fowls but two Bantams; Armstrong went into the cellar and found both the Bantam hens sitting in the cellar; we took the prisoner, and then found the gentleman's hen and the eggs; he said he had the hen eight or nine days.
Pris. That is not truth, Mr. Harper.
Harper. It is, upon my oath.
Prosecutor. The eggs were marked from 70 to 80 upwards; the hen is remarkable, she has five toes; the eggs are marked with a black-lead pencil.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going to market, to Billingsgate, to buy fish, and I came back as there were no mackerel that would suit me; I bought the hen of a man who had got it wrapped up in his apron; I gave him 2 s. for her; I should not have kept it till the next day if I had stole it; I told Harper that I had bought the hen.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


