





623. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CLOSE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, two linen shifts, value 4 s. two linen table cloths, value 2 s. three muslin handkerchiefs, value 5 s. a gown, value 6 s. two petticoats, value 3 s. an apron, value 4 s. and a silver tea-spoon, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Aaron 
                     Abadey
                  




               
            .


                  MARY
                   ABADEY
               



             sworn.
I am wife of Aaron Abadey; he lives in Catherine-street, in the Strand


; I lost the things in the indictment; the prisoner was my servant
 at that time; they were given her to wash; I did not miss them myself; I saw them the same evening.
Court. Where did you see them? - In the hands of Mr. Scoles; he sent for me; I did not miss the prisoner or the things till I was sent for by Mr. Scoles; I was in my shop all the day, and she was at my house washing.


                  WILLIAM
                   SCOLES
               



             sworn.
I am a shoemaker; the prisoner came to me between five and six in the evening, and asked me, whether I would let her leave a bundle; I told her, she might; she left it; she was gone about an hour and a half, and came back very much in liquor; I asked her, who they belonged to; she said, they belonged to the mistress of the Wandsworth workhouse; she said, they were to go by the stage, from the Coach and Horses; I sent for the beadle immediately; I thought he might know something of her; the workhouse of St. Mary-le-Strand is at Wandsworth; he came, and he has the bundle, and has had it ever since; she was taken up by Nichols, when he came.
Court. Where do you live? - At No. 328, in the Strand, at the back of the New Church.


                  SAMUEL
                   NICHOLS
               



             sworn.
I am a beadle of St. Mary-le-Strand parish; I produce the property; I got it at Mr. Scoles, on the 31st of August; I have had it ever since; it was about seven or eight, at night.
(The property deposed to by Mrs. Abadey.)
Court. When did you first see them? - About eight the same evening.
Did you know them immediately? - Yes.

How did you know it? - Some of them are marked; the shirts are A. A. No. 2, and No. 3.
(The things deposed to.)
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.




               GUILTY
            .
Recommended by the prosecutrix.




               Transported for seven years
            

