





574. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BUTLER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of October
, two women's cotton gowns, value 2l. two silk handkerchiefs, value 5s. a black silk cloak, value 10s. a pair of womens cotton stockings, value 1s. a muslin handkerchief, value 1s. 6d. the goods and chattels of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Steward
                     




                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  CHARLES
                   STEWARD
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman
 of Lombard street.
Q. Do you know the prisoner? - Yes.

Q. What was the property you lost? - Two gowns, a light one and a dark one, a blue silk cloak, two silk handkerchiefs, a muslin handkerchief, and a pair of cotton stockings.
Q. Where were all these things? - They were locked up in a box, in a chest, in the one pair of stairs room.
Q. When did you lose them? - The 9th of last month.
Q. When was the last time you had seen them before you missed them? - I do not know when I had seen them before they were lost; my wife can inform you.
Q. Perhaps you do not know much about them yourself? - No further than I found the property on the prisoner.
Q. Did the prisoner live in your house? She came to visit me and my wife, on Sunday the 28th of September.
Q. How long have you known her? - About three or four years.
Q. Did she stay with you till the 9th of October? - She said she was out of place, and my wife said, Betty, you are welcome to my apartment, until you can get a place; on the Tuesday following she came, on the 30th, and continued till the Friday night, when she said she was going to her mother's; then she came again on Saturday, and staid till the 9th of last month, which was the day she committed the robbery.
Q. When was it you missed the things? - On the night following, the Friday night, as the 9th was the Thursday.
Q. When did you take her up? - I took her on Sunday night afterwards in Thames-street, on Garlick-hill, I was standing there by myself, and I saw her come along with my wife's property on, and I stopped her; she had the black silk cloak, cotton gown, and cotton stockings on her, and the gown I knew very well; she was passing by her mother's door when I took her; I took her immediately into her mother's, where my wife was.
Mrs. STEWARD sworn.
I am the wife of the last witness.
Q. Tell us how the prisoner came into your house? - She came on the 28th of September, she came on a visit, and staid to tea and sup; accordingly she told me she was out of place; I told her she might be at my place and do some needle work, and eat such as I eat, and I would pay her for her work, till she got a place. Accordingly she came on Tuesday, and continued till Friday, and slept with me in the bed. On Friday night my husband said he was very ill with a cold, and he would stay at home; she went out that night to sleep and came the next morning at seven o'clock and staid till nine, and while I was in one apartment and she was in the other, she found the means of opening my place and took away these things; one gown she had pledged.
Q. How long had you known her? - About three or four years; I knew her to be a servant, and I knew her mother to be a very honest woman, as I always thought, and I have no doubt but what she is at this time.
Court to Steward. Was there any body with her when you took her? - There was a young man that she had hold of his arm; I do not know nothing of the young man; I lost him in a moment. I produce a key, which was found on her, and which, she told me, she had opened the box with.


                  THOMAS
                   BRAND
               



             sworn.
I am an officer, I produce the things of Mrs. Stewart.
Mrs. Stewart. They are my things, this handkerchief is darned in the corners, they were so torn they would not pawn; and this handkerchief I had for mourning; I know the gown, it is mine, it was not in that shape when she took it from me, because it was altered to cut it to hershape; I can never wear the gown any more.
Prisoner. The boxes were open, I knew this woman a great while.
Court. How came you by these things? - The woman gave me the gown to pawn for her, and the other she lent me.
Q. To Mrs. Stewart. Is that true? - It is as false as God is true, the gown is cut, I never could wear it any more if it was ever so.


                  Q. 
               


            What may the value of these things be? - value the two gowns at forty shillings, they cost me a deal more when I first had them.


                  MARTHA
                   THORN
               



             sworn.
I have been a very ailing woman, and she frequently visited my room, and I always found her a very honest just girl, and I have known her upwards of this four years.
Mrs. BUTLER sworn.
I am her own mother.
Court. I will not examine you, of course you thought well of your daughter.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
