






555. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of September
, in the dwelling-house of John Hearne, a pocket-book, value 1d. two guineas, a half-guinea, and a Banknote, value 10l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Croney
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   CRONEY
               



             sworn. - On the 30th of September, in the afternoon, I lost my property in a house in Hearne's buildings: This woman met me in the street, about half past one o'clock, and I went with her to this house, I staid there till about four o'clock; I had a 10l. note and two guineas and a half; I am sure I had them when I went into the house.
Q. Did you go to bed? - A. No, I pulled off my long jacket, and laid it by me; I had a short jacket underneath.
Q. Were you drunk or sober? - A. I was not drunk when I went into the house. She told me, she was going out, and would come back in a short time; and then I missed my money. I had her taken up about four o'clock in the public house.
Q. Was your money found upon her? - A. No.
Q. Was any body else in the room with you besides her? - A. There was another woman, but I did not know who she was.
Prisoner. Q. Do not you remember my fastening the door, and our going to bed together for an hour and a half? - A. No, I did not.
Court. Q. Had you been in bed? - A. No, I had been nigh hand her.


                  THOMAS
                   PARSONS
               



             sworn. - I keep the Blue Anchor, in Upper East-smithfield, facing these buildings: This girl came in at two o'clock precisely, and called for a bottle of wine, half a pint of gin, and a pot of porter, and change for a 10l. note, for which I gave her regular change; she went away, and in less than half an hour returned with 9l. 2s. and put it into my care till the morning. About five or ten minutes past four, she returned again rather in liquor, and asked me what she had deposited in my hands for care; I told her, 9l. 2s. In going away again, crossing the street towards home, the prosecutor met her, and brought her back to my house, and there accused her of the robbery, which she denied.
Q. Whose house is it? - A. A Mr. Hearne's, who lets it out in tenements.
Q. You knew her before? - A. Since I took the house, which was only on the 10th of August. They drank together for, I dare say, upwards of an hour, to the amount of two shillings and two-pence halfpenny; the altercation between them was not much, any further than he accused her; they went out of my house together, and about six they returned in custody of the officer. (Produces the note.)
Q.(To Croney.) Is that the note that you had? - A. Yes, it is.


                  GEORGE
                   KEARSLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a milkman: I was serving Mr. Parsons with milk at his house, and while I was there, the prosecutor came in with the woman, and made a great noise, and said, that she had robbed him; she said, do not make a noise here, go home with me, and I will give it you.
Q. Are you sure you heard her say that? - A. Yes; and then they went out, I followed them out, the prosecutor said, you know there is a 10l. note and two guineas and a half you have got of mine, and I will have it; I did not hear her make any answer; and they went across the way towards her home directly.


                  SAMUEL
                   DOWSEY
               



             sworn. - I am a headborough; I apprehended the prisoner: she told the prosecutor, he had got the pocket-book the notes was in, and he took it out, and it was empty; she told me, she would call at Mr. Parson's, and borrow some money to go to prison with; I went to Mr. Parsons, and he told me he had 9l. 2s. of her's in his hands.
Q. Did the prosecutor say any thing about any other woman having it? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. I was waiting for a halfpennyworth of milk, and this gentleman asked me for Mr. Wright's, a taylor, I went with him and shewed him, and he took me into the wine-vaults, and gave me some liquor, then he went home with me, and he gave me a 10l. note, to get a bottle of wine, half a pint of gin, and a pot of beer, which I did; I returned with the change, and he gave it to me for the use of my body; I then gave it to Mr. Parsons, to take care of; and when he asked me for it again, I told him, I would not give it him, till he had paid me for the use of my body, and then he went and got a constable.
Court. (To Parsons.) Does the owner of the house, Mr. Hearne, live in that house? - A. No, he does not; it is his house, but he does not live in it.
GUILTY (Aged 21.)
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
