






90. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MERCHANT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  MACCLEUGH
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of January
, ten guineas, half a crown, and four shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Temple
               




            .


                  ALEXANDER
                   TEMPLE
               



             sworn.
On the 11th instant, last Sunday morning, about one o'clock, as I was returning from Fleet-street to my lodging, in Red Lion-street, Clerkenwell, I was accosted by 
               
                  Mary
                   Merchant
               



            , who asked me if I would go home with her?
Q. Was you drunk or sober? - I was not sober, otherwise; I should not have done as I did. She asked me if I would go to sleep with her, (this was near the corner of Field-lane, in Saffron-hill,) I consented, she took me to the house of the other prisoner, Mary Maccleugh, I believe, I cannot swear to her name; she is the housekeeper, I believe. I then went into a bed the woman shewed us, in about an hour I felt my breeches,(which I put under my head) being moved, I was heavy to sleep, but this disturbed me. 
               
                  Mary
                   Merchant
               



             immediately ran down stairs, I immedaitely searched the pockets of my breeches, and I found a deficiency of ten guineas, half a crown, and four shillings.
Q. When had you last observed this money to be in your pocket in this house? - When I put my hand into my pocket to pay for the bed and give the girl her compliment.
Q. You had paid that? - I had.
Q. Was it loose in your pocket, or in any sort of bag or purse? - It was not in a bag; all loose, the gold and silver together.
Q. What are you by trade? - I am an officer of the excise.
Q. What did you do on this? - I immediately called out, the woman of the house immediately came up and asked me what was the matter? I told her I was robbed of ten guineas and some silver, that I considered her as a party concerned and would call the watch to my assistance; she told me that the girl had gone without her knowledge, and left the street door open; I still insisted on calling the watch, and called repeatedly for some time; she would advise me, she said, to go to bed and sleep till morning, and she would find the girl. I told her, I thought by going to bed I might lose my life as well as my money, and therefore I must insist on having her secured; I went down stairs and still called the watch, at last, after I had been down stairs some time, Mary Maccleugh took up the candlestick from the table, and said, is this your money? There were three guineas and two shillings on the table. I said, that is part of my money; there was one bent guinea, the same as I had had in my pocket; she then said that the girl had robbed me, but she should give me my money again, the girl then came into the room, but where from I know not. The girl confessed she had robbed me.
Q. What did she say? - She said she would give me the money again; she then gave me a guinea, half a crown, and I think two shillings; the rest, she said, she had not got. At the time she was laying this money down, the patrol came to the door and said, if the door was not opened he would break it open; the door was opened and the patrol came in, and after some little time the girl consented to be searched; she was not searched in my presence, it was in another room, I heard money drop. When the patrol came to me he said, she had got four guineas, concealed about her somewhere.
Q. What did you receive from the patrol? - I received four guineas by the order of the magistrate.
Q. How much had you been drinking? - Upon my word I was pretty much inebriated, or else I should not have gone to such a place.
Q. But you are positive in your recollection of what you have now been telling us? - I am positive.


                  JAMES
                   JAMES
               



             sworn.
Q. You are the patrol, I understand? - Yes. Between three and four o'clock in the morning, on Sunday last, I was going down Sharp's-alley, I heard murder and watch called in the house the prisoner lives in, then I called for the assistance of the watchman that was near at hand, and we went to the door. I said, there is murder called here, and I insist on the door being opened, on that the door was opened by Mary Maccleugh, I went in, and see Mary Maccleugh and Mary Merchant standing together by the side of the table; I asked what was the matter? the prosecutor said, he had been robbed of ten guineas by Mary Merchant, then I told her she was my prisoner; he then said that he had had three guineasand two shillings given him back that was under the candlestick; then I asked her if she had any more of the property about her? if she had to deliver it as it might go better in her favour; she denied the robbery for some time. Mary Maccleugh said, deliver the man his money for you have got it, then I still persuaded her to deliver up the property.
Q. Did you search her? - Yes, in the same house, not in the same room. She told me if I would come with her she would tell me all about it; then accordingly I went with her into another room, and I called two watchmen likewife with me.
Q. Did the watchmen go into the room with you? - Yes.
Q.With you and 
               
                  Mary
                   Merchant
               



            ? - Yes. She then declared that she had got four guineas of his property that she had robbed him of; I found the four guineas, she pulled it out of her bosom. She offered me a guinea if in case I would settle the business.
Q. Before she pulled the money out of her bosom? - Yes. Says I, if you will let me see the money I will settle the business presently, then from that I kept the money, she wanted three guineas out of the four. I kept the four guineas, and I said, now you are my prisoner, you shall go to the watch house. I took her up to the watch-house, and from thence to the magistrate on Monday.
Q. What became of the four guineas there? - It was delivered up to the prosecutor by order of the magistrate.
Prisoner Maccleugh. I would wish him to speak the truth, I told him to search the woman, for that she must have the money.
Prisoner Merchant. I met this man, I cannot say where, and he asked me to go with him, and I told him I would go with him, as I was very much distressed; I thought I must go to the workhouse the next week; I went to this good woman's house and he changed a guinea and sent for half a pint of liquor, before he went up stairs. Mrs. Maccleugh said to him, if you have got any thing to leave, give it me, and I will take care of it. No, says he, I have got nothing to take care of, but what I can take care of myself. I went up stairs and he gave me some silver into my hand, but I did not know what it was till I went down stairs, and when I went down stairs to go home to my sister, I looked and saw what it was, and when I see what it was, I told Mrs. Maccleugh that she might go up and awake the man.
Jury. What did he do with the money he gave you? - I put it into my pocket.
Court. It is a very delicate thing to ask a prisoner questions she is not bound to answer.
Mary Merchant, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Mary
                   Maccleugh
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
