





325. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Mansell
                        




                     
                   about the hour of two in the afternoon of the 23d of February
, no person being therein, and stealing therein half a yard of striped dimity, value 1 s. 6 d. three yards of long lawn, value 3 s. a linen shift, value 1 s. a dimity petticoat, value 1 s. 6 d. two linen petticoats, value 2 s. two cotton bed gowns, value 4 s. a callico petticoat, value 1 s. 6 d. a linen frock, value 1 s. a child's linen bed gown, value 1 s. three linen shirts, value 4 s. 6 d. a linen gown, value 6 s. a cotton gown, value 10 s. 6 d. a silk handkerchief, value 1 s. a silk bonnet, value 3 s. a linen bed gown, value 6 d. two base metal candlesticks, value 4 s. a copper tea kettle, value 4 s. and a paste board bonnet box, value 2 d. the goods of the said 
                     
                        William
                         Mansell
                     



.


                  WILLIAM
                   MANSELL
               



             sworn.
I am a cheesemonger
; I drive a cart for Mr. Davis, a cheesemonger; my house is in Green Arbor-court in the Old Bailey


; at that time my wife was out, I had no children nor no servants at thattime, it was the 23d of February, Saturday; I went out about nine o'clock in the morning, and she brought the keys to me about twelve; I went home to my dinner between two and three in the afternoon and I saw this gentleman coming out of the house; when I had got about half way down Green Arbor-court I saw a couple of men coming out of the entry of the house where I dwelt in, and as soon as they came out of the house they turned down Breakneck steps into Sea Coal-lane, I looks very hard at the property which they had, and I thought it belonged to me, but I was not justly sure then; the prisoner, one of the two men, he was the last that came out, he had this bonnet box under his arm, the other got away; I immediately goes up stairs and sees the room door open; we had only two rooms in the house, it was let out in three parts, there were two other sees of lodgers in the house, the landlord did not live in the house, nor had any servants there; I saw the room door open and immediately turns back and goes down Breakneck steps into Sea Coal-lane, in order to follow the men; as soon as I got at the bottom of the steps I got a sight of the men again, I called stop thief, as loud as possible I could halloo, these men hearing me cry stop thief, they throws the things down and runs away in order to make what escape they could, the prisoner throwed down this bonnet box, the other had a painted deal box.
Q. Were these men talking together do you know? - I did not see them talking together; they came out of the house as near together as possibly could be; as soon as they heard the cry of stop thief they throwed down the things, and a witness that is here see them do it, and this man was never out of my sight till he was taken; I am sure I did not lose sight of the prisoner after he threw the things down from under his arm; he was brought back to my house, and from there he was taken to the New Compter; I saw him brought back to my house and I went with him to the Compter and things likewise, and the things were given into the hands of Mr. Prior; these two boxes contained all the articles; the things here are only the things that were in this paste board box, the other box has not been meddled with.
Q. How soon did you go back to your room after you took the prisoner? - In less than two minutes.
Q. How do you conceive they got into the room? - They must pick both the locks; there is a lock which is fastened on the door, and a padlock outside; neither of the locks were broke, neither the one nor the other, and the lock, which was the padlock, was found behind some tubs close against the door, in the same stair case, the staples were not in the least injured they were all as when I went out in the morning.
Mr. Knapp. This you say is your dwelling house; - I rent two rooms.
Q. You went down first in the morning and left your wife at home, you left the keys with her of course? - I never see any thing more of them till she brought them to me.
Q. And when she went out there were the other lodgers in the house? - There were.
Q. How many might there be? - A man, and a woman and a child lived in the two pair of stairs.
Q. There is a street door? - There is.
Q. It is generally open? - It is in the day time.
Q. So that if the indictment states that no person was in the dwelling house, it is not so. You know that you have indicted this man capitally? - I suppose it is for a capital offence.
Q. Have you ever heard there was a reward for convicting a house breaker? - I have.

Q. Had you never seen the prisoner at the bar before? - I don't know that ever I saw him in my life.
Q. There were two persons? - Yes.
Q. Did you take notice of the other person? - I did not, but I had opportunity of taking notice of this man, because I had hold of his collar.
Q. What was contained in the box you knew very little about? - It is all set down.
Q. You did not know at the time? - I did not.
Q. This door was open all the day long for all the different people to go out of their different apartments? - It was.
Q. The staples were the same as when you left them? - They were.
Q. You say you never saw the two persons talking together at all; they appeared to have no connection with each other? - None at all, only coming out close to each other.
Q. Was you by when the prisoner was searched? - I was not.
Q. Do you know in point of fact whether any thing was found on him? - I don't believe there was any thing found on him.


                  ELIZABETH
                   MANSELL
               



             sworn.
The day the house was robbed I went out about a quarter past twelve o'clock, we have two rooms adjoining to each other, we have only one door in the stair case; when I came away I locked both locks, the common lock and the padlock, I am certain of it, I tried them both, I came away and took the keys to my husband, my husband was at work at the warehouse, Mr. Davis's, just by Green Arbor-court, I gave him the keys; I returned again about half past seven in the evening.
Q. Do you know the bonnet box? - Yes.
Q. Where did you first see it after you saw it at the Compter? - The first that I saw of it was at Guildhall the Monday afterwards, this was on Saturday the 23d of February.
Q. The things are there? - No, the alderman gave me leave to take what I wanted, and put a mark on every thing.
Mr. Knapp. What does your family consist of? - Poor people; I have only my husband and my child, the child is born since the robbery; my husband went out early in the morning, I stayed at home till about a quarter past twelve, I did not go out at all before that time.
Q. Do you know the lodgers in the house? - I cannot say that I am acquainted much with them.
Q. Whether they were at home when you left the house you cannot say? - The woman and child was at home, and the man was backward and forward.
Q. Was there any door out of the inner room to the stair case? - There was not.
Q. How lately had you seen your things before? - I had seen them before I went out.


                  PETER
                   LECLERE
               



             sworn.
I am a cutler and headborough in the parish of St. George's. On Saturday the 23d of February between two and three in the afternoon as I was going down Fleet-lane I saw some people running and I walked leisurely after them, they were running in a lane on the right hand called Sea Coal-lane, and I saw them stop, when I came near I saw a man holding the prisoner at the bar by the collar, somebody said, why do you collar the man? for he is no thief, and if he is you have no right for you are no constable; and he let go the prisoner and the prisoner ran off, and he ran down by me, and I pursued him, and took him in a Baker's shop.
Q. Was Mr. Mansell present when you took him? - He was not in the shopwhen I took him; when I took him in the shop I put my hand on his shoulder and told him he was my prisoner; several people came into the shop and one of them assisted me to take him to the Compter. There was two boxes laying in Sea Coal-lane.
Mr. Knapp. Have you never been here before? - Yes, I have.
Q. Perhaps convicted your man before? - I convicted!
Q. What was you here before for? - I have been here several times before.
Q. Was there ever a person convicted on your evidence? - I don't know it was on my evidence, but I was a party.
Q. Did you ever hear on conviction of a man for house breaking that there was a reward? - Since I found he was convicted I was told of it by a person in this court.
Q. You say there were some persons running up Sea Coal-lane? - Yes, the prisoner was one; I don't mean to say I saw him stopped.
Q. He had the good fortune to run into a shop, it was the likely way for him to escape? - He certainly could not see me till I took him in the shop; there he was secured; I secured him myself.
- BASCOE sworn.
I am a watch maker; I saw the prisoner come down with the box in his hand and another man with him, with another box; the prisoner had a bonnet box the other had a wooden box; they came down from the one pair of stairs of Mr. Mansell's dwelling about half after two; I saw him go down the steps with it in his hand, and the prosecutor was within three doors of his own house, he went in and went up stairs, and came down again and pursued after the man, and the prisoner threw the box away into Sea Coal-lane; I am sure the prisoner is the man; I did not see the prisoner taken; I saw him go by my window.
Mr. Knapp You had never seen the prisoner before? - Never.


                  JAMES
                   PRYOR
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I produce the property belonging to the prosecutor, a bonnet box, four gowns, a tea kettle, and several other things; this box was brought to me to the Compter; I had it of Mr. Mansell; when the box was brought there, there was a number of people present.
(The things deposed to.)
Court to Mansell. Did you see the prisoner run into the shop? - I did not, I saw him when the other man Hughes took him and brought him back to the things, but then he let him go, and then he was out of my sight, and Leclere took him; I never saw him no more after Hughes let him go till I saw him in the Compter.
Prisoner. What is alledged to me I am totally innocent of. On Saturday afternoon I was coming down Sea Coal-lane, I had got a bad leg; I had been to have it dressed, and I saw two men pass me, and I saw a man throw a box off his shoulder, and the other from under his arm; with that I went to pick up one box out of the kennel, and they said, don't touch it for they will say you are the thief; I was going to alderman Boydell's and this man came and took me; I said, for what? I said I will go wherever you please; I went to the Compter, and then that Mansell came and the watch maker, and swore that I came out of the house; I am as innocent as any gentleman of the Jury.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing to the value of 4 s. 9 d. (Aged 25)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
