






139. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     HOPKINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of October
 last, one wooden trunk covered with sealskin, value 20 s. one thousand three hundred and sixteen prints, value 822 l. 3 s. fifty-nine drawings of Dutch and Flemish masters, value 117 l. two hundred and thirty-two fans, value 263 l. nine hundred and thirty-seven fan mounts, value 100 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Anthony 
                     Poggi
                  




               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  ANTHONY
                   POGGI
               



             sworn.
My Lord, I am an artist and publisher of prints
 from others as well as my own works: intending to set off for Holland, I made a collection of prints, to make my journey more profitable; and having all ready on the 8th of October last, that very night I was going to set off, I meant to take two trunks and a small imperial, with me in all, which were conveyed from my house in a cart altogether, about sun-set that same day; I am not very certain as to the particular time, but I know I dined that day after five o'clock, because I would see that business done first, those trunks packed up and sent off. The cart went with them from my house, No. 7, St. George's-row, Bayswater, close to the Chapel, through Oxford Turnpike; I sent one of my people, Mr. 
               
                  Frederick
                   Morant
               



            , with the cart, and consigned the large trunk and the imperial to Mess. Collins and Clerson, by Exeter Change, to ship for Rotterdam.
Did all the three boxes contain prints? - Not all, the greatest trunk contained the greatest part; the whole, which is mentioned in the indictment, I lost with the great trunk, except a few prints in the imperial, with two large coloured prints in stretching frames; there is not a single article mentioned in the indictment, but what was in the trunk that was missed; namely, thirteen hundred prints more or less; there were seventy-one or seventy-three dozen and an half fan mounts engraven, many of which were printed in colours, packed up in either two or threee portfolios, which were in the trunk; fifty-nine original drawings, of Dutch and Flemish masters, also in a portfolio.
Of what colour were the portfolios? - They were of blue marble colour, except one or two of a white ground colour, with dark and red spots? there were five portfolios in the trunk in all.
Mr. Schoen. You say that on this day all the prints mentioned in the indictment were put into the great trunk; do you mean to say that you yourself put them in? - I was there and assisted.
Court. Do you mean that all those prints were put into the great trunk? - I do.
What did you mean by saying, except a few? - There were two or three articles in small black frames with convex glasses, that I took out, and put into my travelling trunk, to present them, with the prints of the Orange family, to the Prince of Orange.
Mr. Schoen. You said just now, that these things were put into the trunk; do you mean to say that you speak this by a written document, or by recollection? - I speak of it by the remarks then made.
Then I understand you have not a clear memory of the transaction itself, but by referring to your remarks? - They were too numerous for me to keep in my memory.
Where is Mr. Morant, who assisted you in putting them in? - He was in court with me, and withdrew with the other witnesses.
You know nothing further then of the transaction yourself? - No.
Mr. Knowlys. Did you form these catalogues of the articles at the time they were put into the trunk? - They were done on separate papers, and I have copies of them here.
Did you copy them yourself? - No.
Mr. Schoen. Then that is no evidence.
Mr. Knowlys. Mr. Poggi says this, that first of all he put these articles down on separate papers, and afterwards had them copied together: Now I would ask this question, whether this catalogue of the whole was put together at the same time?

Mr. Schoen. The first paper is the real evidence.
Mr. Knowlys. Mr. Poggi, were these separate pieces reduced to one catalogue the same day? - No, they were not; we had not the time.
Are those papers in existence? - There may be some lost; I believe I have many in my pocket, together with the original bills of parcels.
Who made them? - Some were made by me, some by Morant; but Morant copied them all.
FREDERIC MORANT sworn.
Mr. Knowlys. Was you in Mr. Poggi's house and service on the 8th of October last? - I was.
In what way was you assisting him in his service? - In retouching his prints.
Was you employed by him on the 8th of October, in packing up for Mr. Poggi, to prepare for his journey? - I was for three days before; I wrote the greatest part of his investment.
How many trunks were put into the cart? - Two trunks and an imperial.
Where were they to be conveyed to? - To Mess. Clerson and Collins in the Strand; there was one large trunk which contained prints and drawings, I assisted in packing them up.
Besides drawings and prints, was there any thing else? - I fancy not; they were packed up some in rolls, some in portfolios, and some loose, at the bottom of the trunk; I do not recollect there was any thing else.
Have you seen the articles in the indictment? - Yes, I am certain all these things were in that large trunk; I went with the cart strait down Oxford-street; the trunks were secured by a cord; I left the cart for about two minutes or more, the corner of Newman-street, Oxford-road


; I got sight of it again in Gerard-street


, the cart was coming down Nassau-street, the cart went to Collins and Clerson's house in the Strand; upon asking the porter to assist me there, I missed the trunk: it was fastened by a strong rope, but I found it cut in half, and the large trunk contained prints and drawings, which I can speak to when I see them.
Court. You said nothing about fans? - There were fans put up in separate dozens.
Mr. Schoen to Mr. Morant. You are certain all the articles in this indictment were put into this trunk; I should like to know from what your certainty arises? - On account of making catalogues of the several things I put into the trunks.
Then you speak from the catalogues, and not from positive memory? - Yes, from positive memory also.
It appears to me very extraordinary that you should have a better memory than Mr. Poggi himself? - I am very fond of looking at prints, and therefore I looked at the best part I put in, and so I can speak to a certainty, without referring to the catalogue.
How was this trunk placed in the cart? - The last in the tail of the cart.
With the rope round it? - The rope was not round it, but it went from one end of the cart to the other.
In a way that it might be rubbed? - I fancy not.
Court. The rope was placed across the three trunks? - It was.
Did you assist to put it across? - I did not, but I saw it done.
How high was this trunk when it stood in the cart? - It was a very high one.
What do you mean by very high? - It was a large big trunk; it might be about a yard high.
Mr. Knowlys. Did I hear you correctly, when I heard you say the rope was cut; did it appear at the time to be cut? - I looked at the cord particularly, and found it was cut with a sharp instrument.


                  JOHN
                   COOPER
               



             sworn.
I am the carman, who drove these goods from Mr. Poggi's house.
Have you the rope with you that secured the tail of the cart? - I have, it was whole at Mr. Poggi's, and I found it cut when I got to Collins and Clerson's in the Strand,and a trunk was missing which was put in at Mr. Poggi's.
Mr. Schoen. Did it not appear to be wore? - It was a new rope, and it was cut.
(The rope examined by the Court and the Jury, being cut.)
Mr. Schoen. Did you fasten the rope about the tail of the cart yourself? - I did.
This was a pretty heavy trunk that was lost? - It was so heavy, that three of us could with difficulty put it on the cart.


                  ALEXANDER
                   STEWARD
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol belonging to Bow-street; on the 6th of November, a little before eight, a man of the name of Hayman passed me, between Norfolk street and the Talbot Inn, in the Strand; I had 
               
                  Evan
                   Lewis
               



             with me, I passed Hayman with a trunk on his head, and spoke to him, a little this side of the Talbot Inn, and followed him along the Strand; and when he came opposite Catherine-street in the Strand, he went up till we came opposite to Tavistock-street, and turned in with the box on his head; going along, about the middle, I asked him what he had got in the trunk; he went on, and I went on with him, when he threw down the trunk, and refused to go any further; this was about half way down Tavistock-street, about one hundred and fifty yards from Maiden-lane, but the direct road to it; I took him into custody, and my partner secured the trunk; that trunk and its contents are here; I can swear to it.
Was there any direction on the trunk? - There was, but I do not know it.
Do you know whether Hopkins's house was searched after this fact? - I do not.
Do you know Hopkins? - I know him now, but not before.
Mr. Schoen. My worthy friend has asked you, but for what purpose I cannot say, whether Tavistock-street is not the direct road to Maiden-lane; and we all very well know that it is the road to Covent-Garden, to Chandos-street, to Westminster, and to fifty other places, as well as to Maiden-lane? - It is to be sure.


                  EVAN
                   LEWIS
               



             sworn.
I am one of the patroles belonging to Bow-street; on the 6th of November last, I followed a man of the name of Hayman, with a trunk, a quarter before eight in the evening; we got near to the Talbot Inn, Steward and I were together, when we met a man of the name of Hayman, whom we followed to Catherine-street, and from thence to Tavistock-street, in the middle of which he threw down the trunk, and I secured the trunk, and Steward laid hold of him; we asked him to take up the trunk, and he refused, and we took him into custody; I took the box and man to Bow-street, but it was shut.
Had the box any mark on it? - There was a direction on it, but I did not perceive what it was.
Where was it? - At the bottom of the trunk, there was a card or paper, but I did not see it all.
You did not know Hopkins, or where he lived, before? - I did not.
Did you attend the search at his house? - I did not.
Did you say that you should know the box when you saw it again? - I did, Morant had the care of it, till it went to the office in the morning.
When was it delivered to Morant? - It was delivered to Morant that night, I believe.
Mr. Schoen. You had the care of the box, Steward had the care of the man, and you say that you believe the box was delivered to Morant, but you are not certain? - To the best of my knowledge it was.
But you are not sure of that fact; where did you deliver it to him? - Two or three of us had the care of it.
Where did you leave it? - I left it at the box at the 
               
                  Brown
                   Bear
               



            , opposite the office in Bow-street.
When? - At about half past ten.
You do not know in whose hands you left it? - I went down to our captain, HenryCroker, into the Strand, and told him what had happened, and brought him up.
Were there many people in the taproom? - There were some, about five or six.
Mr. Knowlys. In whose ever hands you left that box, you now produce the same you took from Hayman? - It is.
Was the box opened before you? - It was not.
What was the contents of it, then, you cannot tell? - I cannot.


                  MOSES
                   MORANT
               



             sworn.
I am one of the officers of Bow-street.
Do you remember on the 6th of November, seeing Lewis and Steward bring in a man of the name of Hayman? - Yes.
Did you see the box brought? - I did.
Court. Do you know the day of the month from your own knowledge? - I am certain it was on a Saturday night.
What became of the box they brought with Hayman? - I have had it in my care at my house.
How was it secured at your house; was it opened? - No.
When was it opened? - The next day, or the day after.
Was it opened before it came before the magistrate? - No, it was not.
Was there any key produced with it? - No, there was not.
Was it unlocked by the magistrate, or broke open? - The lock was picked.
What part of your house did you put it in? - I put it in my bed-room, and I have had it there ever since, and I produce it now.
That box that you produce now, is it the same box that was delivered to you when the men brought in Hayman? - It is, it was delivered to me by Croker, Steward, and Lewis.
Where was it you first saw Lewis and Steward? - At Bow-street.
What part? - I do not know, whether it was at the office, or at the Brown Bear, we were all together, backward and forward; it was delivered to me there, and I carried it home.
On account of this trunk being produced, a search warrant was granted? - No, but a search was made, and I attended.
(The box produced.)
To Lewis and Steward. Is that the box you took from Hayman? - It is.
To Morant. And you have had it in your custody ever since? - I have.
You say a search was made the next morning; do you know Hopkins's house, was it in Maiden-lane? - It was.
What number? - I forget, it is the corner of a court.
Did you know his house at the time the search was made? - I knocked at the door.
Had you known that to be his house before? - I heard say so, but I never was at his house before.
Did you happen to know from the prisoner himself, at any time, whether it was his house or not? - I did not; I did not know till I went to it.
How did you know, when you went to it, it was his house? - Because there were two servants that answered, and in consequence of an inquiry I went to that house as Hopkins's house.
What part did you search? - I searched it from top to bottom; I took a man whom I found in the house, and who gave me an answer, up stairs with me.
Was he the man that opened the door to you at your knocking? - He was, and two women besides; the man said one of them was his wife, but only the man went up; in the dining-room, up one pair of stairs, we found some pictures in frames, some coloured, some not; they are here: some were hanging up above stairs, some below; there were two or three officers of Bow-street with me; there were Croker, and Lavender, the clerk at Bow-street; I turned the carpet up, and saw a small paper parcel, which had four drawings in it, Croker took it up; this was in the one pair front-room, which I call the dining-room.

Was this in the presence of the man whom you took to be Hopkins's servant? - It was; these prints were under the carpet on the floor.
Was the carpet fastened to the ground, or loose? - It was loose.
What led you to take up the carpet? - I saw a good many things about in the gambling way.
Have you got these prints here? - Croker has got them ready to be produced.
There were a man in the house, and two women? - There were two men and two women.
These pictures and frames were hanging up in the dining-room? - Some of them were, and some in the back-parlour, and some in the kitchen.
Do you know who occupies that dining-room? - I understood by the people in the house that it was Hopkins's.
And as to these cuttings, what were they of? - The cuttings of prints or long strips of paper, which laid like waste paper.
Where were they? - They were below, some in a drawer, and some out.
Mr. Knowlys. You knew before this, that Hopkins lived in Maiden-lane? - Yes, but I never was at his house before.
Mr. Knowlys to Lewis. Look at that trunk; is that the trunk you took from Hayman? - It is.
Mr. Schoen to Lewis. This was pretty late at night? - It was.
It was dark? - It was.
You saw no more of the trunk than in carrying it to the place where you took the prisoner Hayman, till you left it on the table at the Brown Bear; now having seen it at that time, and it being a dark night, can you take upon yourself to say that that is the very same trunk? - I do, I took particular notice of it that night.
It seems to me to be a trunk not very easily identified; however, you are certain, although you only saw it the time you took the prisoner Hayman, till you left it on the table at the Brown Bear; what else did you find? - Afterwards we found the cuttings of long prints in framing them, and some frames; we brought the cuttings away that time, but not the frames, till the next day.
Whereabouts did you find them? - We found them in the shop below, which had the appearance of a shop made like a lottery-office; they were in a drawer behind the counter.
Did you find any thing else? - We only made our observations on some gilt frames, and some straining frames, and some canvas; and the next day we fetched them away; the straining frames were below, and the gilt frames in the dining-room.
Mr. Schoen. This is as long ago as the 6th of November, that this trunk was brought to you; the robbery, we have heard, was committed on the 8th of October, and the 6th of November this trunk was brought: now do you know which of the three brought it in? - They were all together when I received it.
If I understood you right, Croker, Steward, and Lewis, came in together, and Croker had the custody of the trunk? - I cannot pretend to say that; they were all together, that is all I can say, and they came all together to Bow-street, with Hayman and the trunk.
Now you first saw the trunk, you told us at the office; was that the first place you first saw the trunk? - I do not know where I saw it first; I might get it in the street for what I know, but I know I got it of them.
Now Maiden-lane, to a house there, is the place where you went; you say you did not know it was Hopkins's house? - I did not till I went to it.
Mr. Knowlys to Steward. Is that the trunk you took from Hayman? - It is.
Mr. Schoen to Steward. How do you know it? - I know it positively, because I put a mark on it on Saturday night.
At what time? - It might be nigh about half past eight.
In what situation; where was it? - It was then at the Brown Bear, Bow-street.
You did not carry the trunk to the Brown Bear? - No.
Lewis did? - Yes.
What time afterwards was it you madethis mark; how long after? - It might be three quarters of an hour, that is, including the time that we stopped Hayman.
Was it after Morant had it that you made the mark? - No, before.
Was it after the trunk had been left at the table of the Brown Bear? - Lewis took it to the Brown Bear, and I kept it till Mr. Morant had it.
And he has told us he does not know any thing of the matter.
Mr. Knowlys. Did you put your mark on it before you left it? - I did.


                  HENRY
                   CROKER
               



             sworn.
I am one of the patrol belonging to Sir Sampson Wright; I saw this trunk at the Brown Bear, Bow-street, on the 6th of November, one of the men informed me that they had stopped a suspicious person, and desired me to attend at the Brown Bear.
Did you see Lewis and Steward in possession of that trunk? - I did.
Hayman, the man, was then in custody? - He was.
Did you go to search Hopkins's house? - I did.
When? - On Sunday, the next day.
Do you mean the next day after that trunk was brought in? - I do.
Do you know that that was Hopkins's house, or what house was it? - No. 27, Maiden-lane.
Whose house was it? - I understood by the servants, it was the house of Mr. Hopkins.
Whose house did you go to enquire for? - Mr. Hopkins's; I believe Mr. Morant knew it.
Who went with you? - Mr. Morant and another.
Who was the other? - Mr. Lavender, the clerk of the office.
Did you search the house? - I did.
Tell us what you found? - Here are some prints that have been in Mr. Morant's custody, and I marked them; some of them in gilt frames; and four drawings, which I picked up from under the carpet; and in the shop we found some cuttings, some laying on a counter, and some laying in a drawer.
Mr. Schoen. Is that Mr. Poggi's trunk? - I do not know whose trunk it is.
The room in which these drawings were found, was the dining-room up one pair of stairs, they were hanging against the wall not concealed at all? - No, not at all, only finding those things under the carpet.
Court. Were they hung up in the room as furniture might be, or as for sale? - They were hung up in form, and not as for sale, here and there indifferently.


                  CHARLES
                   JEALOUS
               



             sworn.
I am one of the officers attending at Bow-street.
Do you know Hopkins, the prisoner? - I do.
Where does he live? - In Maiden-lane.
How did you know he lived there? - I have seen him before.
Did you go there as to Hopkins's house? - I did.
You made a search there, I believe, on the 8th of October? - Yes.
And found nothing? - No; I went then to look for a large trunk, about eight or nine at night; I saw a young man there, and asked him if Mr. Hopkins was at home? he said no; I said I was coming to look for a trunk; he said I might and welcome.
Did you, on that occasion search under the carpet of the house? - I did not, I only went to search for a trunk.
- WOODLAND sworn,
But objected to on the part of the prisoner by his Counsel, because he had been in Court, during the examination of the other witnesses.


                  WILLIAM
                   BANNISTER
               



             sworn,
Do you know the prisoner Hopkins? - I know him by sight.
Did you ever let any house to him? - Yes.
What house is that? - No. 27, Maiden-lane.
When did you let it him? - I cannot say exactly.
Was he the tenant of that house in octoberlast? - I cannot positively say to that, I left the house a twelvemonth last Christmas.
And Mr. Hopkins succeeded you? - Yes.
Do you know of yourself to whom Mr. Hopkins paid his rent? - I cannot tell.
Have you seen Hopkins in that house since? - Yes.
When? - I cannot positively say, I have seen him in the lane go past my door; I live at No. 33, and he at No. 27.
How lately have you seen him go into that house? - I cannot say, I have not taken notice when he went in, or when he went out.
Mr. Schoen. He took the house of you twelve months ago, and though you have lived the same side of the way in Maiden-lane, you have not seen him go into the house lately? - I never took any notice.


                  STEPHEN
                   SEABROKE
               



             sworn.
I live in Maiden-lane, opposite No. 27, I saw the prisoner go in and out there frequently.
You are a butcher, did you ever go there with meat? - I have sent over meat there.
For whom hath it been purchased? - Mr. Hopkins.
Court. How lately have you seen him go in? - About Friday I believe; it was one day last week.
During what time have you seen him go into the house? - I do not know how often, it may be a score times.
Within what time, how far back? - Within this month.
Have you seen further back than a month? - No.
When did you send him meat? - Not long ago.
Two months ago? - No.
One month ago? - Not so long.


                  HANNAH
                   PERRINS
               



             sworn.
I am wife to Mr. 
               
                  Samuel
                   Perrins
               



            , I live in Williams-street, Surry side of Blackfriars Road.
Do you know the prisoner at the bar, Hopkins? - Yes.
Do you know where he lived in October? - On the 28th of October he came and took a lodging of me.
Did he take the lodging in person, or any body for him? - He came himself and a gentleman with him.
Who was that person that came with him? - He called himself Mr. Hutchings.
When they came to take the lodging, did you know the person's name that took it? - No; it was not told me.
What account did he give of himself? - He told me that he was a gentleman just come from sea, and that he wanted this apartment for five or six weeks, or it might be five or six months.
Did he during this time ever communicate his name to you? - Never.
You let him the lodging? - I did.
How long was he at your house? - One week, from the 28th of October to the 4th of November.
What did he bring with him? - He brought four trunks with him
Did you see him at any time after the 4th of November? - On the 6th I saw him.
Did you at any time see any of the contents of those trunks? - No, nothing that was contained in those trunks: I had a chest which he borrowed to put in five or six large portfolio's, which he called the Atlas books. In a week after he came and took away three trunks, which he put inside a coach, and as there was no room, he desired to leave behind the small trunk and the Atlas books: he took away the key of the chest and of the room where the trunk was.
Was the chest empty? - The chest was empty when I let him the rooms: I gave him the key: there were some portfolios, five or six of them: one of them was opened, and I saw something printed; I do not know what; they were what are commonly called pictures: Mr. Hopkins took them away, to the best of my remembrance, between six and seven o'clock at night; it was dark: at the same time a little trunk was removed, which I cannot say I know, but I should know a card that was at thebottom of it: this is like the trunk, but there is no card on it.
Did you observe the name on the card? - Yes; a Mr. or Mrs. Shenton.
Croker. This is the card Morant took from the trunk.
(Mrs. Perrins looks at it.)
I believe this is the card: it is Mrs. Shenton: a porter took it away: I should not know him: nobody came but him and Mr. Hopkins: my husband knew the porter again: they both set off from my house between six and seven; that was as near the time as I can recollect: the other property was gone the 4th. The prisoner slept at my lodgings one night. Four men, one of which was Morant, and a Mr. Lavender, and Mr. Croker: I cannot say the name of the fourth man; they visited my house between twelve and one on Sunday: I had not let the rooms to any body after he went on the Saturday night, nor between the 4th and 6th, during which time he had the key.
Court. What time of the day on the 28th of October did he come? - About eleven, to bring his trunks: he took the lodging about ten in the morning: he brought the four trunks in a coach: nobody came with him.


                  SAMUEL
                   PERRINS
               



             sworn.
I am the husband of Mrs. Perrins, at No. 10, William-street, Surry side of Black Friars Bridge. I know the prisoner very well: he took a lodging of me the 28th of October, and staid a week: I was not at home: I did not see the prisoner till the Monday following: I never heard his name, or asked it, or had any conversation with him: he took the chief part of his things the 4th of November, on a Thursday: I saw a trunk or two brought down stairs and carried to the coach, about six or seven in the evening; it was dark: he begged to leave a trunk for one night: there was a chest of mine stood in the room, which he begged to use, and locked up; he fetched away the trunk on Saturday evening, about seven; it was dark; I was at home: a man of the name of Hayman came with the prisoner; they both came in together: Hayman had a lanthorn; Hopkins brought down the trunk, and Hayman carried it away: they went out together: I shut the door: he carried on his shoulder something that appeared to be portfolios, for I saw the edges without the candle: nobody had access to the rooms: he would have locked both rooms, but my wife desired him only to lock the dining room door, where the large chest and the small trunk were: he had the keys of the dining room and chest: on the Saturday night he left the key in the door: Sir Sampson's people came to our house on Sunday the 7th, between one and two: I went in with them; I begged them to search all the house, if they pleased: they asked only for Hopkins's apartment: nothing was found but some shreds of paper under the grace; Mr. Croker found them.
Morant. They were burnt all to pieces: we brought none of them away.
Perrins. The prisoner slept there but once to my knowledge: I never saw him go out, only when he removed on the Thursday and Saturday: I believe this is the trunk he left last of all: there was a direction on the bottom when it stood in the passage: it was a Mr. or Mrs. Shenton, and appeared to be on a printed card; (looks at the card) this is the direction: I knew the porter that Hopkins brought; I knew his name at Sir Sampson's: the man I saw at Sir Sampson's was the same man Hopkins brought to take away the trunk.
(Hayman brought in.)
Perrins. That is the man, I am very certain.
Prisoner. Did the trunk stand in the passage? - Mr. Hopkins set it in the passage endways, and by light of the lanthorn I read the direction, for Hopkins held the trunk endways by one hand.


                  JOHN
                   HAYMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter and organ builder. Ihave known Mr. Hopkins about ten years. I went from Mrs. Evans's, the Lower Marsh, Lambeth, where I had been doing some work all day; I was going up to Mr. Abbot's, for a bit of wood to make a pallet for a painter; as I was going I saw Mr. Hopkins (that gentleman there) and a little man in black; and he says, here is Hayman: it was almost at Mr. Abbot's door: Hayman, says the little man that was with him, will you carry a trunk for me? I said, where? he said, to No. 27, Maiden-lane, Covent Garden; it is at No. 10, Williams-street, Black Friars-road: I asked who was to pay me for it? a lady will pay you, says he; I said, who is to deliver it to me? he said, Dan: I went with Mr. Hopkins, or 
               
                  Daniel
                   Hopkins
               



            , to the house: I borrowed a lanthorn, and went down to Rowland Hill's Chapel, behind which is this No. 10; this old gentleman let me in: nobody but me and Mr. Hopkins went into the house: I do not know what became of the little man; I did not see him after we passed the turnpike: an elderly lady, wife of the old gentleman, went up stairs, and Hopkins brought down a trunk, and set it on its end in the passage; Hopkins said, that is the trunk, you take it home to my house, No. 27, Maiden-lane, Covent Garden: when the old lady came down stairs, the old gentleman opened the door, and I came out; Hopkins followed me, I believe; he sent down, while I was in the parlour, for the canvas which he had dropped, which he said was to tie up his lottery books in; I did not see the books: I went over Black Friars-bridge, having had a broken leg; it was dark; I left the lanthorn; a patrol stopped me by the New Church; says he, what have you got on your head? says I, my own trunk; where do you live? No. 25, Leman Pond; where are you going with it? says I, No. 27, Maiden-lane; I was very much in liquor; whether it was liquor or not I tumbled down; this is the trunk they took away from me; I told them I was going to carry it to 
               
                  Dan
                   Hopkins
               



            's; I was examined three times and committed; this is the very trunk they took from me; I believe it to be the trunk they took from me; I believe it to be the trunk; when Sir Sampson opened it, it proved to be pictures.
Mr. Schoen. You have known Hopkins for some time? - Yes.
Did you know of a lodger he had, one Miss Roe? - No.
Are you perfectly sober now? - I believe rather so.
Mr. Poggi. I have already identified these four drawings; they are my property; they are part of the contents of the large trunk that was lost; I bought them in this metropolis about a twelvemonth ago, with a large number, of a Mr. Phillipe, a dealer in that sort of articles; they are all different subjects, and to the best of my judgment original drawings; I gave six pounds for two and three pounds for the other two, in Dutch money; I have not the least doubt but they are mine, and were in that large trunk; I bought the two large ones as the drawings of one Cats, an artist; and the two small as by Heyverdingen; I had not sold or given them. This is Bacchus and Nymphs, or the Nursing of Bacchus; this is mine; it is not in the same state in which it was lost; it was in a square paper: this plate was brought to me to have my criticism on it, in the state in which it is now, by my engraver, Mr. Pestolini; I know this, because I desired my printer, in my own house, to take off a small number of impressions, in the state in which the plate then was; it is a coloured plate; it never was published; it is an impression from an unfinished plate; none of the impressions have been yet finished, and this impression is not retouched, which is always the case to make it saleable; I packed up eleven of these unfinished, in colours, and fourteen in brown in the large trunk; they were none of them finished or sold: this print is also mine; it has since been cut and put in a frame; the print is called Veillez amans si l'Amour dort: Morant, the young man, had been recommended to me; I gave him four of these to retouch,and I know it by that; it was not accurately retouched; this plate has been in circulation, but none in this state in which it was retouched; I am proprietor of the plate: there were no more of this subject retouched by Morant, but two, one of which is in the trunk, and two are in the trunk retouched by somebody else: this is the Origin of Painting; this has been re-touched several years ago; this is one of the first impression, and I took a particular pleasure in finishing it myself, with intention to make a present to a gentleman.
Look at all the rest that were found in the lodgings, and tell us what you say to them? - I have seen them.
Are they all such as were in your trunk? - Exactly so; I have looked at every one: these are cuttings of margins of prints; they have been to a press; but I cannot identify them.
Morant the engraver. I am certain this is of my retouching; this plate was one of those that was put into the great trunk that was lost.
Mr. Poggi. I have examined all the prints in the box, article by article; they were sealed with my seal at Sir Sampson's.
Is there any one print in that small box that was taken from Hayman but what are the same as those that were in the great box which was taken from the cart? - Not a single one.
Look at this plate of Sir 
               
                  Robert
                   Boyd
               



            ? - There were two such as these in my great trunk, that was lost, and here are two in this small trunk.
Are there many there that have not been in a state of publication? - A great many.
Are you sure those that are not in a state of publication are yours? and do you believe the others to be your property? - I do affirm it: here are Bacchus and Nymphs in an unfinished state, that never were retouched nor published.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My counsel is totally unacquainted with any thing that I can say, he had my brief so late this morning, for Mr. Garrow, who was retained as counsel for me, might have been in a better state than the gentleman who now has my brief. This trunk was not delivered to Hayman by me, and was delivered through the instructions of the man in black; this trunk I acknowledge I did deliver to Hayman, by the order of the man that was in black; I trust that trunk is not considered as my property; the apartments where the things were found, was No. 27, Maiden-lane; the house I acknowledge is mine; but these apartments were let; it is very hard that I should be accountable for other people; I had a difference with my wife; I went and took a lodging in William-street; this man is a debtor to me; he desires me to take this trunk as a security for my money; he comes and settles with me; then he desires me to deliver this trunk to Hayman; this said person in black cohabited with a Miss Roe, who lodged in this said one pair of stairs.
For the prisoner.


                  JAMES
                   BENHAM
               



             sworn.
I was a publican at the time, Mr. Hayman was at my house; I kept the George, at Colebrook, in Bucks; I live now in Middlesex, about a hundred yards from the George; I keep post-chaises. I know the prisoner.
Do you recollect the beginning of October his being at your house? - Yes, I do, perfectly well, with Mr. Duck and Mr. Dixon along with him, in company.
Did you make out this bill? - (A bill of entertainment shewn him.) This is my hand-writing; it was the Thursday morning, the beginning of October; Mr. Dixon came first, on the Windsor coach; I was just going to market; Mr. Dixon came first; then Mr. Duck came in the afternoon; Mr. Dixon and Mr. Duck dined with me and my wife; then Mr. Hopkins came; we got him a beef steak; I am sure Hopkins was at my house on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, till Saturday afternoon, two o'clock; and that he went in the Birmingham coach; he and Mr. Dixonon the outside, with a basket of fish that I had caught; what made me remember the day more particularly when they came down, was, we were going a fishing in the evening between five and six, and Mr. Duck was rather in liquor, and sell into a muddy place, being pushed by Dixon against a cow; and Hopkins was in company with us; and Duck said I shall remember coming down a fishing of a Thursday.
(Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys.)
How long have you known Hopkins? - About two or three years, by being on the road, and calling at my house.
What was his business? - I did not know his business, nor how he lived; but he told me he lived in Maiden-lane; I was once in his house; I cannot recollect when; it was some time ago.
Are you on a tolerable intimate footing? - No farther than his calling at my house backward and forward, sometimes with Mr. Hart, and sometimes with Mr. Humphreys, and other gentlemen.
Did you attend at Bow-street when he was taken up? - I was in London at the time, but was not at Bow-street; I happened to meet Hopkins.
Did he tell you he should want you at Bow-street to give this account of him? - He never told me he should want me at Bow-street to give this account of him.
When was you in London, and saw him? - The same day; he never asked me to tell this.
What month was you in London? - I cannot recollect.
Nor what day he was called up at Bow-street? - No; I went to the play, and from thence to Bow-street; after I came from the play, I was with him at the publick-house, and then we were talking about it.
Then after the examination was over, then it was that you began to recollect this thing? - I recollected it before, for it was in my mind; he did not tell me he was going to Bow street; I heard of it from other people.
You said you saw him before you went to Bow street? - If I said I saw him before I went to Bow street, I made a mistake; I meant afterwards he did not tell me what he was going to Bow-street for, nor I never asked him.
Then how came it to be material to talk of the cow on the 8th of October? - That was since he was at Bow-street.
Did he tell you upon what occasion he was summoned to Bow-street? - After he had been to Bow-street, he told me he was summoned there about a trunk.
He told you he had been there about a trunk? - Yes.
What did he tell you about the trunk? - Nothing particular, that I can recollect.
Did he explain to you the nature of the charge upon which he was taken up? - He did not.
Then how came it to be material to talk about this cow and the drunken man? - Because in case I should be called on in recollection of this man being pushed about.
He said nothing more than that; that it was about a trunk? - Not to my recollection at present: I was not with him above a quarter of an hour after he came from Bow-street, and I went home.
Did not this strike you as a strange thing? upon your oath, was not that a strange thing, that he had been at Bow-street on a charge of felony? - Yes, it was.
Upon your oath now, did not you know that he had been to Bow-street often? - No, upon my oath.
Then he explained to you nothing more, than that it was about a trunk? - No, Sir, not then.
Did he tell you what had been sworn about the trunk? - No, he did not.
Did he tell you any circumstance of time or place, what had been sworn about the trunk at Bow-street? - Nothing about the trunk, any more than he was taken on suspicion of stealing the trunk; he told me he was taken on suspicion of the trunk, and asked me if I should remember fishing, in case I should be called upon; I did not askhim any circumstance of time or place, nor did he say.
Is it that you recollect now the month and the day of the month, from the bill that you made out? - Yes; I recollect it was the beginning of October, but I cannot recollect the day till I come to look at the bill; it was the 6th or 7th that the bill was made out for Mr. Hopkins's party; I put it in the name of Dixon, because he came first.
This bill has no name of the month upon it? - It has not.
Did Hopkins say, you recollect it was in October that I was at your house? - He asked me whether I could recollect what time it was? he never told me any thing about the day of the month, or day, only asked me if I could recollect.
Where was this house where you had the conversation? - The conversation about the trunk was carried on at a public house in Litchfield-street; I called there for Mr. Dixon, for a whip that he promised to give me; I do not know where Dixon lives; he uses the house in Litchfield-street; I do not know what business he is.
Do you know who Mr. Duck is? - No, I do not.
Was there any body in company with you when this conversation passed between you and Hopkins? - Mr. Dixon and Duck, and another gentleman that was bail for him, were there.
When was this conversation held? - the same night he was bailed out.
What month was it in? - I cannot say.
How long after they had been at your house? - I cannot say justly.
Was it one month, two months, or three months? - More, or less, I cannot say.
This is a disagreeable circumstance, is not it? - Yes.
You was called on to recollect what had passed in the beginning of October at your house? - Yes.
How long was it after they had been at your house? - I cannot say.
How long is it from this time? - I cannot tell; I did not put down the day; it may be the latter end of October, or the beginning of November; I cannot justly say.
Will you swear that you did not hold this conversation in December? - I cannot say when.
Was it December or January? - I am sure it was not in January.
Was it in November or December? - I cannot say.
Was it early in the month, or late in the month? - I cannot say.
Will you swear it was the day he was taken up? - I do not know what day he was taken up; it was the day he was bailed out.
In what time of the day did you say this conversation was held? - It was a little after ten.
You had not seen him before that time? - No.
Did you go to the play-house? - I went directly to Litchfield-street, for the whip he promised me; I thought to find him out; I only went to the entertainment; I staid till it was over; I came to town about eleven or twelve in the morning, and came up on some particular business of my own.
What was the particular business? - That I am not obliged to tell.
What was it?
Mr. Schoen. I object to that question as irrelevant.
Mr. Knowlys. Upon what private business did you come to town? - I have no reason to tell you.
Court. You must assign some reason for not telling it? - I came on some business to Mr. White's, in White-horse-yard, Windmill-street, at the top of the Hay-market.
What was your business at Mr. White's? - He was looking out to buy me a second hand post-chaise.
Did you see Mr. White on this business? Yes; I employed him some time before to buy the first he could find; I saw him when I rode on my horse in the morning, between eleven and twelve; I went over to the house facing; we had sixpenny worth of brandy and water together.
How do you know it was ten o'clockwhen you came to Litchfield-street? - I said it was past ten o'clock when I came out of the play-house; I knew it by that; I returned to Colebrook that night, and was home about one in the morning; I put up my horse and chaise in Windmill-street; it was Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Wright
               



            's.
How came you to leave your house at Colebrook? - Is that a fair question? because it did not answer my purpose; I transferred my licence to one Rees at Glamorgan; he has it now.
So the expression of the man that was pushed in the ditch, was more remarkable than your friend being bailed for a felony? - It came to the recollection of my mind.
When was you applied to to become a witness? - Mr. Hopkins sent me a letter last Thursday or Friday; I was not at home when the letter was brought.
Do you think him a pleasant man? had you a regard for him? - The man always behaved very well.
You had a regard for him? - As a customer.
What were you fishing for? - Roach, dace, and perch, in cast nets.
A pleasant entertainment in October? - Very pleasant; I am very fond of it.
You have a horse of the prisoner's now in your possession? - Yes, in my brother-in-law's fields, in Colnbrook; it was left with me the day he came; it has been there ever since, bridle and saddle; his name is Gosling.
Mr. Schoen. Have you any doubt that the month in which you made this bill out, was the month of October? - I am sure it was the month of October, by the man being pushed in the ditch.
As to the day you saw him afterwards, you are sure it is the day he was bailed? - It was on that day; Colnbrook is seventeen miles from Hyde Park Corner.


                  JOSEPH
                   DUNBAR
               



             sworn.
I know Mr. Hopkins: I know Miss Roe; I recommended her to lodge with the defendant some time in or about Michaelmas.
Did she lodge there in consequence or your recommendation? - Yes.
Did she live alone, or did any body live with her? - She lived alone in general; but my opinion of her is, that she was a woman of intrigue; I do not know it.
How long did she live there? - Five or six weeks; but I cannot be particular to the week; it might be a week before Michaelmas, or thereabouts.
What part of the house did she occupy? - The one pair of stairs floor; an elegant floor; she came to me on the 8th of November, in the morning, pretty early; about nine or ten; she came to my house at Hoxton, and told me she had been a bit of a rake, and wanted me to go with her to her lodging; she had a coach in waiting then; I was going to Westminster; I went with her in the coach, to Maiden-lane, to her lodgings, at this Mr. Hopkins's; I went up stairs with her, and she took some few things away in a trifling box, which were carried to the coach, and there put them in.
Mr. Knowlys. You then was the person that took upon yourself to recommend this lady, who you believed to be a woman of intrigue, to Mr. Hopkins, as a lodger? - Yes, Sir.
How long have you known Mr. Hopkins? - Some years.
Of course you expected your recommendation to have weight? - Yes.
When did she enter on those lodgings? - Some time on or about Michaelmas; I saw her there a fortnight after that; I once called upon her; I saw her at the lodging, positively, between Michaelmas and October; it was rather before Michaelmas; it was not after Michaelmas, to the best of my belief.
Will you swear that it was a few days before Michaelmas? - I believe it was thereabouts.
Will you swear it was not later than Michaelmas? - It really was not, to the best of my memory; I could not pledge my word, but I am pretty sure I am right.

How often might you be in the house? - About once.
Who waited on her? - I do not know; I believe it was the servant there; she said there was no rent due but that week; but I do not know so much of her private business, as to know whether she had a servant; there was a lusty kind of a woman servant; she may be here, for ought I know.
When did you call on her? - I cannot say; it was in the interim between Michaelmas and November.
As you have been a friend of Mr. Hopkins's for some time, I should like to know who you are? - I am 
               
                  Joseph
                   Dunbar
               



            , at a place called the Noah's Ark, in Hoxton Town, No. 6; I make up goods for Jews, and sell them.
Have you dealt with any jeweller's shops within these last two months or six months? - No, Sir; I deal with Jews; I can make just a subsistence and livelihood.
You live by your labour then? - Yes.
Are you much in the habit of going to Westminster? - Not particularly, but I do go there some times.
Have you any law-suits in hand? - No; I went to meet 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Price
               



            , a brass-founder, in Gunpowder-alley; I went to meet him there; he has been at law for these twelve months; but I was not concerned in his trial.
You do not occasionally go there as bail? mind now. - Now you need not caution me.
Well, do you? - I do not go to Westminster-hall, farther than this; I suppose, about six or seven years ago (hear me, and give attention to me) I did bail a person whose name is out of my memory now, but not since that.
Then, since six or seven years, you never became bail for any body at Westminster, or at Serjeant's inn-hall? - At Serjeant's-inn my name was put down as bail.
Was not you rejected? - Not to my knowledge.
Was you received? - No, I was not received, because we did not justify, nor it was not attempted.
What cause was that in? - I do not remember; Mr. 
               
                  Shaftoe
                   Vaughan
               



             was the attorney for the defendant; but they are things that I am not conversant with.
Then this is the only instance in which you ever offered yourself as bail, either at Serjeant's-inn-hall, or at Westminster-hall? - Yes.
That you swear positively? - I cannot recollect any thing else.
Upon your oath, you are not a common bail? - Let me be sworn again; upon my oath, no more than you are; I declare positively I scorn the meaning.
Have you never offered yourself as bail at Guildhall, before the Lord Mayor, and was rejected? - Rejected! I was opposed; that gentleman well knows the particulars as well as I do; I was opposed by Mr. Garrow; there is the gentleman; and I met him with truth; and facts are stubborn things; and therefore met him fairly at once.
Now, was you rejected or not? - No, Sir; I do not remember; now I particularly recollect, I was not; I became bail, and was accepted for Mr. Turner; it was for a blow in the street.
Then this is the only instance in which you ever was bail before my Lord Mayor? - Yes; to the best of my knowledge; I cannot speak positively; the only instance, may be it may; in my life, I might have bailed a friend besides that, and it might have escaped my memory; such a thing as that might be.
Have not you been bail for a friend before the Lord Mayor in three months last? - Oh! yes; I can swear that.
Do you swear that? - Yes; that I swear positively: Aye, and I do not suppose I have been at Guildhall within these three months; honest truth, that is in my breast, emboldens me to speak.
How many times might you have been at Serjeant's Inn Hall last Term? you know where it is? - In Chancery-lane; is it not?
Do you ask me that question as wishing to know? - I will swear that I am not particularto the inns; and now, while I speak to you, I recollect it is in Chancery-lane; Sir, I am come with plain facts, to do justice between man and man.
How often was you there this last term? - Not once; now that is very easily answered.
Where is Miss Roe? - I do not think she entertains a wish to be here; I entertain a different opinion of her than I did; she has broke off all acquaintance with me since the 8th of November, and has her private reasons for it; I took my leave of her very suddenly; but it seemed to be very agreeable to her; she seemed to wish to be rid of my company; she had a trifling band-box with her.
Have you never enquired after her since? - No; and I declare on my oath now that I have not an intimacy with Mr. Hopkins.
When had you first heard Mr. Hopkins was to be tried for this offence? - Some few days; some other man came; not Mr. Hopkins.
Who applied to you and gave you the subpoena? - I do not know the person; but I believe it was one Mr. Hart.
Did you then tell him that Miss Roe had lodged there, and that it would be proper to subpoena her? - No, no such thing.
Did he explain to you for what purpose you was to be produced as a witness? - No, only to give a true answer to the questions asked me, and that I could not keep off of it on account of the penalty; further than that he asked me if I could give him any intelligence of this Miss Roe.
Mr. Schoen. Then all you mean by being bail was for a friend? - Merely so; I am a man of a different description; I detest the idea; except to do it to oblige a friend, or if a man was recommended to me; but to be an hired bail, I detest the idea; upon my oath it is not true.


                  JAMES
                   NICHOLSON
               



             sworn.
I believe I may have known Mr. Hopkins ten or a dozen years; I have known him as a publick character; a publick man; a man living in a publick line; a publick-house; as to his character, I never knew any thing wrong of him.
Has he borne an honest character? - To me; I never knew otherwise; I had never any reason to impeach his character or conduct on any occasion whatever, and I have known him a great many years.
Mr. Knowlys. Where do you live? - In Whitcomb-street, Leicester-fields; I believe it is near Hedge-lane, it goes into Hedge-lane; I do not recollect.
What number? - There is no number to the house.
What is the number of the next door? - I do not know.
How long have you lived there? - About three weeks.
Where did you live before? - In Gray's-inn-lane, in Fox-court.
What number? - I believe it is No. 10.
How long have you lived there? - About a fortnight, only lodged in the ground-floor.
Where did you live before that? - In Fulwood's-rents, in a garret; I lived there about a year, with one Lindsey, a hairdresser, No. 10.
Have you known the prisoner intimately? - Not very intimately, a waiter to a coffee-house.
You have called upon him once a week? - Once a year Sir; I have no more intimacy with him than I have with you; I have seen him twenty times in different places.
Have you seen him twenty times in the course of every year that you have known him? - No; very likely I may not have seen him sometimes, above three or four times in a year.
If any misfortune had happened to your friend, in the course of ten years, I should think you must have known it? - I know nothing about a friend. My Lord, I wish to put an end to this tedious argument and intercourse between this gentleman and me; I know no more of the man than seeing him, dining at a public coffee-house, tavern, and public-house; there was nofriendship, no intimacy of any sort or description.
Is that the kind of man of whom you came on your oath to say that he is a man of a good character? - Pardon me, why because I have known a man ten years, and he in a friendly way calls upon me to give him a character; why should I not, as an honest man, come forward to any man here, and if I did not know so much of him as I did, why should I not come forward to give him a character.
Do you know of his having been tried in the course of these ten years? - Sir.
Did not I speak loud enough? - I do not.
Will you swear he was not? - I will not swear about it, but I will swear it was not with my privacy.
Do you not know that he was upon the ballast lighters? - My Lord, I presume it is derogatory to the business, even suppose I knew that; what is that to giving a man a character? I do not know, upon my oath, of his being confined at all on board the hulks.
Do you know of his being confined on an accusation of felony within this ten years? - I do not, barring this.
Who may you be? - Who may I be! I live on what I have, I do not follow any business.
Did you ever follow any business? - Yes, a silver ivory turner, and tortoise-shell snuffbox maker.
If any body has said that you kept a gaming-table, they must have told a great story? - What has my keeping a gaming-table to do with it? - I do keep a gaming-table.
You do; good bye to you? - Do you mean to say, you have done with me.
Yes? - I do keep a gaming-table, I do not deny it.


                  JOSEPH
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner about two years, I always understood his general character to be a very good one, I have done business for him in the carpentering line, and he always paid me; the prisoner is an engraver
; I never knew any thing to the contrary of his being an honest man.
Mr. Knowlys. You have known him intimately these last two years, I take it? - I have done business for him as a carpenter, I have been employed for him about three times; his father lived within two years in Maiden-lane, and took in orders as an engraver of seals: I understood from the father that he was an engraver; I cannot say I ever saw any of his work: Hopkins has never told me he was an engraver, otherwise than from his father I never saw him at work, I saw no signs of seals cut, or any article in the engraving trade carried on; I have seen seals in the shop window, along with other hard-ware.
When did you see seals in the shop window along with other hard-ware? - About six months ago.
Upon your oath was not it a lottery office at that time? - No, Sir, it was not, I swear that; at that time I took the old front out, and put a new one in.
You understood he got his living by his business? - I have seen him sell things out of his shop, he appeared to me to be the tenant; I was in the dining parlour once, I saw Mr. Hopkins.


                  WILLIAM
                   BADGER
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner above two years, he was in the public line of business, I always heard a very respectable character of him, in regard of paying every tradesman that he was connected with.
Did he bear the character of an honest man? - Yes, to the best of my remembrance.
Mr. Knowlys. Have you known him up to this time? - Yes, he kept a house in the court, opposite St. Martin's church; I cannot say how long he acted in the public line, I often used his house, and have transacted some business since, and recommended a friend of mine to Mr. Hopkins in the carving and gilding line, and I fancy the frames are now in court.
What business is Mr. Hopkins? - I cannot say; he has had frames done for hisown use in the course of the last three or four months, the same as them; I mean in the course of the last six or seven weeks, I cannot tell his business, but I always heard by most people, that he was in the tradesman line, that he was a very honest man; I never transacted any business with him.
Did you know his lodger, Miss Roe, in Maiden-lane? - No, I do not; I have called there, I believe, in his dining-room up one pair of stairs, in the course of this last three or four weeks.
What family has he? - I do not know, I have been up stairs once or twice in November.
So far back as October? - Why yes, I do not know but I have.
What business are you? - A carver and gilder. Mr. Hopkins said there was a picture, in particular, that he lost, which I could be on affidavit of.
Have you seen any pictures in his custody? - Yes, several, which hang up now in his parlour, within the course of the last three weeks. There is a particular picture which I swore to in court, I am very sensible is a common publication.


                  JOHN
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
I believe these three prints were bought at my shop.
Mr. Knowlys. I believe you to be a very honest man: has that print ever been in publication? - I do not think it has; I never saw it before; that is the Bacchus and Nymphs.
You are a large dealer in prints; this was found in Hopkins's house framed? - I do not recollect ever seeing the print; and I am sure and certain; never had one in my possession.
Are you an engraver yourself? - No, I am not.
Do you know the difference between a plate that is retouched and a plate that is not retouched? - Most certainly; this of Bacchus and Nymphs, appears to me not to have been retouched.
Are either of those saleable in a shop? - I should suppose Mr. Poggi would not sell this print, because he is liable to have it copied, not having any publication at the bottom of it.
Court. Is that in a saleable state? - Certainly not; it should be finished in the colours before sold; some people might purchase such a thing.
But would you sell it as a compleat print yourself? - I should not.
Would you sell it in the common course of business as a finished print? - It is a print that seems to be in a condition for working on with colour.
Do prints that are in the common course of sale, get into the world so? - It should be retouched for sale.
Here are two pictures, Hope nursing Love, one is retouched, and the other not retouched; is that which is not retouched in such a state as a man keeping a creditable shop would sell? - No.
Prisoner to Prosecutor. Whether it is not a well known practice in the copper-plate way, to wish to obtain a print for themselves, they will take one if they can? -
Do you mean a printer or engraver? if I give him leave, if he behaves well, if he is an honest man, I may give it him, or he may obtain it dishonestly, if he has the plate at his own house.
Court. Those prints that you have spoken of, that were unfinished, were they out of your house or not? - No, they were at my own house; my printer is here, and a very honest lad he is.


                  THOMAS
                   GIFFORD
               



             sworn.
I am a printer; I work at Mr. Poggi's house, in copper-plate printing.
Look at that Bacchus and Nymphs, is it taken from a plate of Mr. Poggi's? - It is.
Has that plate ever been published? - No, Sir.
Have you ever taken an impression from that plate yourself, and given it to any other person whatever; or have you of any other in your possession, without Mr. Poggi's leave? - I have not.

Have you given one to any person whatever? - I have not.
Is that in the finished state in which the plate now is? - It is.
Court. Have you in any instance given any impressions that you have printed without the leave of Mr. Poggi? - I have not.
Have you given any with his leave? - I never gave any at all.
Mr. Schoen. Of course you know you would treat Mr. Poggi very ill if you did? - Yes.
The Recorder summed up the evidence with great minuteness, and the Jury retired for some time, and returned with a verdict,



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
N. B. The little trunk which contained a small part of the property, was restored to the prosecutor, together with the four drawings, by order of the Court.
