





350. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of June
, twenty-two glass tumblers, value 5s. and eight ale glasses, value 3s.
             the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Phillips
               




            .
ELIZABETH WATSON sworn.
Q. You are shopwoman to the prosecutor? - I am.


                  Q. 
               


            In consequence of some conversations that had passed between you and your master, and you and the rest of the ser ants in the house, you was induced to observe the conduct of the prisoner at the bar? - I was induced to stop him. He was a porter.
Q. Your master is Mr. Phillips, who keeps a china and glass warehouse
, in Oxford road


? - He does. He was going out with a basket on Tuesday, the 16th of last month, he told me he was going to the engravers, I told him to wait a little,es there was no one in the shop to assist me in the shop.
Q. Did he set down his basket? - He did in the back of the shop; he had occasion to go up for something for a customer, and I weighed the basket by the handle, and I knew it was more than mug; he told me the was going to carry out glass mugs, I asked him what quantity? he told me eighteen glass mugs, or thereabouts, to carry them to the engravers's, to put a border on them. It was before that that I had felt in the basket; he did not say the number at first.
Q. You examined the basket, what did you find there? - I only felt in the basket; I found one ale mug under the mugs, and at the bottom of the basket I found a row of tumblers, put one within the other; I left the basket for a considerable time; after that I sent him out of an errand, and I felt again to be sure I was right; the basket then stood there till about three o'clock I said I would go up stairs, and desired mine to wait till the shopman came in, he said he would as there was nobody there; I went up stairs, I came down some time after, and I saw the shopman and him standing together, over the basket, and 
               
                  John
                   Miller
               



             had taken some tumblers himself out of the basket, in order to satisfy the shopman himself what was in the basket.
Q. Did he say any thing in your presence, respecting them? - Being asked if that was all, he said yes. He went away and left the articles on the floor.
Q. You say that you thought that there were these little articles in the basket, more than what should have gone to the engraver's? - Yes, there were.
Q. And he took them out and left them in the shop? - Yes.
- JONES sworn.
Q. You are the shopman, are you? - I am.
Q. In consequence of some information did any thing pass between you and the prisoner, on the 10th of June? Yes, I came in from my dinner on the 10th of June, and by a trunk which he was going to take out, which was his own, there was a basket; there came a customer in the shop, I went to serve him while he went to his dinner, and before I had done serving the customer he was going out with this basket, and his own trunk; I asked him what was in the basket? he said some few mugs, going to the engraver's; I asked him how many? he said at first four, I then observed that it could not fill the basket as full as it was; he went towards the door, I went after him, and desired he would tell me particularly what was in the basket, that I might set them down right, and then he made two or three ifs and ands, and he said he believed there were half a dozen, and I found his speech betrayed him, and then I followed him till he came to the stone steps, and he looked at the pattern mug, which was marked sixty-seven, and then I observed there were other things in the basket, and when he pulled out six glass mugs and the pattern, I desired he would pull the rest out, which were twenty-two half pint tumblers, and eight ale glasse, them he pulled out of his basket, and set them on the floor, and went to put them in their proper place, where they came from, I told him not to do it, but leave them there and go to dinner; he was so flurried he did not say any thing.
Q. In consequence of this you got a search warrant? - My master did.
Q. Was a warrant applied for? - It was.
Q. Was you present when he was taken? - I was. When we came up first to him he was sweeping the door with a broom, and he threw down the broom, and ran off without his hat, and my master cried directly, stop thief.

Q. Were you at the magistrate's? - I was. When the things that were found at his house were brought there and laid before him, and he -
Mr. Alley. Was the examination taken in writing? - Yes.
Q. The prisoner at the bar used frequently to buy different things from your master? - He has before time.
Q. What are you? - A methodist.
Q. I thought so by your saying his speech betrayed him. I believe there is a little balance of two pounds twelve shillings between his master and him, that his master owes him? - There is I believe.
Q. The prisoner afterwards returned back to the house? - He did.
Q. And was taken in the house? - No, he ran away at the door.
- PHILLIPS sworn.
Q. Had you sent the prisoner out with these tumblers or ale glasses? - I had not.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
