






12. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HYSEN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the sixteenth day of November
, two shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Wakelin
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   WAKELIN
               



             sworn.
I am a sawyer, a labourer
; I was going home on the sixteenth of November; and a woman came up to me in Long-lane


, and took hold of me; I desired her to go about her business; at that time the prisoner and six or seven more came out of a sort of a gateway; and they held me; they lifted me from the ground, till the woman picked my pocket; the prisoner held my arm fast; he had hold of me about the space of a minute; he said nothing to me; he had a round hat on; I never saw him before; while they held me, a woman picked my pocket of two shillings.
Where was your money? - In my breeches pocket, it was all; I had leather breeches on; almost new; the flap was buttoned: the woman unbuttoned my flap; and I felt her take the money; I never got my money again; the prisoner was taken directly by the patrols; I gave an immediate alarm; I never lost sight of the prisoner; the woman escaped, by one of the patrols being knocked down; another patrol came up, and the prisoner was taken; there was a lamp not far off; this was by a dead wall; I pursued him to Smithfield, and never lost sight of him; it was not moon light, but very clear.


                  HENRY
                   RICE
               



             sworn.
I am a patrol, belonging to St. Sepulchre's: my fellow servant and me went our usual round; and opposite Long-lane, we saw a man and a woman, and several men together; we went into Long-lane; the prosecutor shewed me a woman, down by Smithfield Bars, whom he said he could swear to; the woman was wrested out of my hands; I saw the prisoner in custody of my fellow servant 
               
                  William
                   Porter
               



            ; I was gone about a minute, to fetch the woman; the prosecutor was a little in liquor.


                  WILLIAM
                   PORTER
               



             sworn.
At half after eleven, the sixteenth of November last, I heard a noise; and saw a large party, which made off on seeing us; my fellow servant was knocked down, and the prisoner jumped on my back, to throw me down; I hit him with the stick; he tried to twist it out of my hands, but could not; I mode a blow at him, and took him; the prosecutor was present, and said the prisoner was one of the men, that held him up by the arm, while the woman robbed him; I took the prisoner to the watch-house.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Coming across Smithfield, there was a mob, and they took me to the watch-house.
Court to Porter. Was the prisoner searched? - No; nor the woman.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
