





506. 
               
                  MARY 
                  CAWTHORNE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a linen counterpane, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Stabler
                        



                     
                  . A tea-chest, value 5s. a tea-cannister, value 10d. a mahogany tea-chest, value 3s. and a muslin handkerchief, value 12d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Dunn
                        



, August the 14th
.


                  ELIZABETH
                   DUNN
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  James
                   Dunn
               



            : On Sunday morning, the 14th of August, the prisoner took a chest and a handkerchief out of my room, I lodge at Mr. Stabler's, a back room, on the first floor, in Orange-court


. Between eleven and twelve in the morning, I left my room about twenty minutes, I shut the door but did not lock it; when I came back, I found the door open, and missed the counterpane from the bed belonging to the landlord, a chest, a tea-cannister, and a double muslin handkerchief; the constable brought me my property the same day in the evening.


                  WILLIAM
                   PATRICK
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker: On Sunday, the 14th of August, about one o'clock, I was sent for to the house of one 
               
                  John
                   Hughes
               



            , in Marshall-street, to apprehend the prisoner for robbing 
               
                  Mary
                   Ridgway
               



            ; I found her with these things in her apron; Marshall-street is about five hundred yards from Orange-court; I took her to St. James's watch-house, I asked her whose things they were; she tole me they were her own property; I left her there, and took the bundle and wrapped it up, I have had it ever since; I happened to go to Mr. Stabler's in the evening, about mending a pump, and there I heard that he had been robbed.


                  WILLIAM
                   STABLER
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner go out of my house between eleven and twelve, on Sunday the 14th of August,she was a stranger to me; I was in the passage, she had a bundle before her, I thought she had a child in her lap; the counterpane is my property.


                  JOHN
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I am a journeyman carpenter; the prisoner came to my house in Marshall-street, on Saturday night the 13th of August, and asked leave to leave a bundle there; the next morning we found it was stolen goods; I went for the person they belonged to, 
               
                  Mary
                   Ridgway
               



            , and I sent for a constable, and she was apprehended by Mr. Patrick.
The tea-chest was deposed to by Mrs. Dunn.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing at all about it.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
