





262. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, fifty pounds weight of lead, value 5 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           George
                        




                     
                  , affixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   GEORGE
               



             sworn.
I live at Islington, in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell


. On Easter Sunday Morning I missed about nine feet long and two feet wide, of a lead gutter, affixed to my workshop, called a melting-house; at nine o'clock on Saturday night, I saw it was all safe; when I was first before the Justice, I could not positively swear to it, but it was brought up the next day, and I saw it fitted, and I am now very well satisfied it is my property.


                  WILLIAM
                   COPPING
               



             sworn.
On Easter Sunday morning the 24th of April, I was going up Vine-street, Clerkenwell, and I saw the prisoner with a bag on his shoulder; I suspected him, and followed him to Turnmill-street, and got up to him in Turnmill-street, and said to him, my friend, what have you got on your shoulder? and he would not answer me just then; then I spoke to the person that was in company with me to open that bag; he did; his name is 
               
                  Henry
                   Kepwell
               



            ; I asked the prisonerwhere he had got it; he told me he had found it; that was all I could get out of him then; I took him to Bridewell; and the next morning Mr. George came to look at the lead, but he could not swear to it; but I went and fitted it myself to the building, and it exactly corresponded; there were five hooks left in the wall, which had fastened the lead to the wall, and there were the five holes in the lead, which those hooks had made.


                  HENRY
                   KEPWELL
               



             sworn.
I was with the last witness; I opened the bag, and looked in, and found some lead tied up in a coarse towel, about 51 lb. weight.
Had it the appearance of lead that belonged to a gutter? - Yes, I was up on the place, and tried it, and it exactly agreed; and I think it was positively taken from that building.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I belong to the ship Sallust, that lays at King John's stairs; my master sent me with a bundle to Islington, to his wife; coming back, I found this bundle; I looked at it; a gentleman by said, he dared say some people had stole it, and thrown it there; and accordingly I put it on my shoulder, and that gentleman here stopped me; I told him the same
Court to Coppin. Did these words pass between you and him when you took him? - They did not: he only said he found it.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
