







472. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  M'GLUE
               



            , and 
               
                  MARY 
                  M'GLUE
               



            , were indicted, the first, for that 


               she, on the 30th of May
 in the King's highway, in and upon 
                     
                        John 
                        Morson
                     




                  , did make an assault, putting him in fear, and taking from his person a leather pocket-book, value 6d. nine Bank-notes of ten pounds each, value 90l. two Bank-notes of two pounds each, value 4l. and three Bank-notes of one pound each, value 3l. the property of the said John; and the other two prisoners, for being accessaries before the fact
            . They were charged in a Second Count as accessaries after the fact.(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoners).


                  JOHN
                   MORSON
               



             sworn. - I was at the Threetons in Turnmill-street


, between twelve and one o'clock in the day-time, while I was getting a few pints of beer with the prisoner M'Glue; his wife came in with the prisoner Allen, several times, and whispered together; I pulled out my pocket-book and changed a twenty-shilling-note, and put my pocket-book up again; some time after Elizabeth Allen came in and took me by the collar, she pulled me out of the house across the street by force, and up an alley, called Rose-alley, and in the course of a minute or so, my pocket-book was gone.
Q. She was alone at this time? - A. Yes; I ran after her down the alley, and was crying out about my pocket-book, and I met with the prisoner M'Glue's wife; she said, what is the matter with you; and I told her I had been robbed of my pocket-book; and she asked what it contained; I told her ninety-six pounds; she told me to go over to another public-house opposite, that she pointed out to me, and call for a pint of beer, and I should get my pocket-book again, and then I should go down to their house to dinner.
Q. What was in your pocket-book? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Nine ten-pound notes, two two-pounds, and three ones.
Q. When you changed the twenty-shilling note did you see the other notes in your pocket-book at that time? - A. Yes; I did not count them, but they were all there I am certain; I had counted them the night before.
Q. How came you to have so much money? - A. It was a part of some stock in the Three per Cent. Consols, that I had come to town and sold out.


                  Q. 
               


            Were they Bank of England notes? - A. Yes.
Q. How came you to carry so much about you? - A. I was about to return into Yorkshire the next day. I went to two officers, and she was apprehended in the course of a few hours afterwards.
Q. What did M'Glue do? - A. He put her up to my having that property about me, for she did not see me pull out the pocket-book, and he did; they were whispering one to another, but I did not take any paticular notice of their discourse.
Q. Have you ever seen the notes again? - A. No.
Q. What sort of a pocket-book was it? - A. A red one.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. I suppose, as this was so early in the morning, you were perfectly sober? - A. Yes; I was so sober that I knew what I was about.
Q. Do you mean to say you were not at all disguised in liquor? - A. No way but what I knew what I was doing.


                  Q. 
               


            How many hours had you then been drinking there? - A. I cannot tell.
Prisoner M'Glue. Five hours.
Mr. Knowlys. 
               
                  Q. 
               


            Will you swear you had not been there five hours? - A. I cannot say how long I had been.
Q. Then you cannot swear you had not been in this public-house five hours? - A. No.
Q. You have here spoken positively to Allen; did you never say you could not swear it was Allen? - A. No.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you never say you could not tell the woman? - A. No; as soon as the officers brought her to me I swore to her directly.
Q. Did you never tell a person of the name of 
               
                  Thompson
               


             that you could not tell who the woman was? - A. Not that I know of.
Q. Perhaps you were too drunk to know whether you did tell him so or not; you must recollect whether you did tell him so or not? - A. No; I am almost certain I did not.
Q. Will you swear you did not? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            No, I will not swear to it; I am almost certain that I did not.
Q. Have you seen Thompson between the timeyou were at the Justice's and this time? - A. Yes; several times.
Q. Did you never ask him to say that you told him who the woman was? - A. No, I never did.
Q. Did you never ask of him any think to this purpose, to give better evidence here than he did before the Justice? - A. I did not.


                  Q. 
               


            Nor any thing at all of that sort? - A. Nothing at all of that sort.
Q. Do you recollect who you had been drinking with? - A. Yes; only with M'Glue.
Q. How many men were there in the same box? - A. Only M'Glue.
Q. That you swear, during the whole time you were there? - A. I will not swear to the whole time, but the greatest part of the time there was nobody else.
Q. People, very early in the morning, do not usually go to sleep when they are sober; did you happen to fall asleep over your liquor that morning? - A. Yes.
Q. What time did you go to bed over night? -- A. Eleven o'clock.
Q. This was done in a very forcible manner; this woman laid hold of your collar, and dragged you quite out of the house? - A. Yes, across the street.
Q. How often did you cry out for help? - A. Not at all.
Q. Did you see the landlord and landlady there in the house? - A. Yes.
Q. At the time this outrageous woman was dragging you so by main-force away, you could not resist at all? - A. I could not get from her.
Q. Did you ever see the notes again? - A. No; they made away with them.
Q. Have you brought any body here to tell us that you were possessed of so much property? - A. No; I could have brought enough.
Jury. 
               
                  Q. 
               


            Who was your broker that sold out this stock? - A. His name is Morris.
Court. 
               
                  Q. 
               


            Did you write your name there? - A. Yes, in the Bank books.
Q. Was it a large room that you signed your name in, or a small one? - A. A large room.
Q. How much might you have drank? - A. Five pints between us, that I paid for, and afterwards two or three more, that was all we had.
Jury. Q. How came you acquainted with that man? - A. I was asking the way to Islington the night before, and met with a woman, and she took me to this M'Glue's house.
Q. How came you to meet with him in the morning? - A. I slept that night in the house.
Q. With this woman? - A. No, by myself; in the morning, I looked into my pocket-book, and found every thing right; when I came down stairs, Mrs. M'Glue said, have you lost any thing, I said, yes, a guinea and a half; she said, that woman that came along with me had got it, M'Glue and his wife were both in bed; I asked him the way to Islington, and he said he would get up and shew me, and I sent for a pot of beer, and when he was dressed, I went with him to the Three-tuns.
Q. Had you ever seen 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Allen
               



             before? - A. No; she was a perfect stranger entirely.
Q. Are you quite positive Elizabeth Allen is the person that took the money from you? - A. I have no doubt in the least about it.
Jury. Q. Did you see her take it? - A. No; I kept it inside my waistcoat, between the lining and the waistcoat for safeness; I found it go from me, and she ran away directly.
Court. 
               
                  Q. 
               


            Had you ever been in London before? - A. Yes.
Prisoner M'Glue. Q. Did you ever pull your pocket-book out in my house? - A. No; only I looked at it in the morning, and said, it was all right, except the guinea and a half.
Court. Q. When you went back to the Threetuns, did you find M'Glue where you had left him? - A. Yes.
M'Glue. My wife came to me, and told me to come away, that I was getting drunk along with that man, and I struck her, that was the whispering, if there was any.


                  MARY
                   BAKER
               



             sworn. - I keep the Three-tuns, in Turnmill-street; the prisoner M'Glue, and the prosecutor, came into my house at near ten o'clock in the morning, and called for a pint of ale; Morson asked for change for a two pound note, I could not give him change; they drank five pints of ale, and he offered me a one pound note, which I changed; 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Allen
               



            , and Mrs. M'Glue came in several times.
Jury. Q. Was any body else sitting in company with them? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            There were people backwards and forwards, but nobody in their company.
Jury. Q. How many hours might they be there? - A. From ten till about two.
Court. Q. What did Elizabeth Allen, and Mrs. M'Glue do when they came in? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            They came in and went out again, I did not see them do any thing.
Q. Did you see Morson go away? - A. I did not.
Q. Was he sober? - A. I cannot say, he was a stranger to me.
Q. Did 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Allen
               



            , and Mrs. M'Glue drink with them? - A. I am not sure whether they did or not.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You know Mrs. M'Glue, as a person in your neighbourhood? - A. Yes; but she does not frequent my house lately till that morning.

Q. Did you hear any riot or disturbance in your house? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            No.
Q. No dragging, or hawling, or scuffle between any people? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            None at all.
Q. If it had, you would have done every thing to keep it quiet? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Certainly I should.


                  WILLIAM
                   HALL
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman; I was in the public-house at the same time, drinking, Mr. M'Glue and this man were sitting together about twelve o'clock, when Mrs. Allen came in, and took him by his coat, and they went out at the door together, and in a very little space of time, Morson came in, and returned to the place from whence she had taken him, he sat down, and put his hand up to his head, and fell a crying; I asked him what was the matter, he said, he had been robbed of his pocket-book, and I asked him what it contained, and he said, ninety-six pounds, I then left him, that is all I know.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys Q. You say, Allen took him by the coat, did not the man seem to be as willing as willing as her to go out? - A. Yes.
Q. He went willingly on his part? - A. I do not know any thing to the contrary.
Q. If she had pulled him out by main force, and he had resisted, you must have seen it? - A. Yes.


                  HENRY
                   FORD
               



             sworn. - The prosecutor on the 30th of May came up to the Police Office in Hatton-garden, about five o'clock, and said he had been robbed; I went down to the Three-tuns, in Turnmill-street, with the prosecutor and another officer, there we saw Edward M'Glue in the taproom, we took him in custody into the parlour, and searched him, upon him I found a dollar, four shillings, two sixpences, and three-pence three farthings in copper; I then went in search of his wife, and Elizabeth Allen, and I believe it was about half past six, coming up the same street again, just at the end of Peter-street, I heard a voice say, Ford, do you want me? I turned round and saw the prisoner Allen, I said, yes, I do, Bett, you must go with me; says she, I heard you wanted me; before we came up to the Three-tuns door, I met with Mrs. M'Glue, I told her, she likewise must go with me, she refused, but I told her she must, and then she went, I took them both into the Three-tuns, and in the kitchen I searched 
               
                  Mary
               


             M'Glue, and on her I found a huswife, with some duplicates in it, an old pocket-book, with some duplicates, and a bad shilling, but nothing else on her; by that time, one of my brother officers, Rose, had come down to the Three-tuns, we found some silver upon her, but no notes; I went the next day to enquire about the notes to the broker that had sold out for him, and got the number of the notes, since that, there has been two of the notes come in, but we have not been able to trace them any further than one of the notes had got wrote upon the back, No. 20, but we cannot tell where, we had been about a great deal, but have not been able to trace any one of them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. I believe, in fact, you had enquired in the neighbourhood after Allen? - A. No; I had been in quest of her.
Q. It had been noised about? - A. Yes.
Q. Then, instead of your finding out Allen, she found you out? - A. Yes.
Q. She might have escaped from you, if she had not called out to you? - A. I should not have seen her.
Q. You have never been able to trace any of these notes to Allen? - A. No.
Q. I believe Allen subpoened you? - A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM
                   BROWN
               



             sworn. - I know nothing more than apprehending the parties; I told the prosecutor to be particular, and asked him if these were the people that robbed him, he said, that is her, pointing to Allen.
Mr. Knowlys. 
               
                  Q. 
               


            It was known at the public-house, that she had been charged? - A. Yes.
M'Glue. Q. Was not I very much in liquor when you took me? - A. Yes.
M'Glue. Q. Was not Morson drunk? - A. Yes, more so than you were; Allen, before the Magistrate, charged you with picking his pocket of a guinea and a half.
M'Glue's defence. The prosecutor never produced any pocket-book in the public-house at all, I never saw any such thing; after he had got it changed, he said, I will go; I went to another box, and played at shove halfpenny with a great many people while he was gone; Mrs. Baker does not say she saw any pocket-book, and I could not form any idea of robbing a man that I never knew had any property.
Mrs. M'Glue's defence. I saw Morson and M'Glue smoaking their pipes together, and I begged of him to come home, and he gave me a punch in the face; sometime afterwards, I saw this man a crying, I asked him what was the matter, and he said, he had lost all his property, knowing he had been in company with M'Glue, I desired him to go back, and try if he could hear any thing of it; I never saw Bett Allen at all, and he would not have known the public-house again if I had not taken him there.
Allen's defence. I went into the house for a pint of beer, and the prosecutor asked me to have some ale, and I said, I had rather not, and that man, the watchman, said, if it was gin, I could drink it; the prosecutor was very much in liquor, and he asked me if I could accomodate him with a place to sleep in, he was reeling about the street verydrunk; I left him, and some time after, I was coming up the street, and I was told that Mr. Ford wanted me, that a man had been robbed of 500l. and I went to Mr. Ford, and tapped him on the shoulder, and asked him, and he said, yes, he did want me, and I was taken into custody; he was so intoxicated that he would have sworn to any woman.
For the Prisoners.


                  RICHARD
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You are a soldier, quartered at Mr. Baker's house? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know the man who says he lost these notes? - A. Yes, by sight; I came off duty that very day.
Q. Did he give you any account of Allen, or the way in which he had lost them? - A. No; Mr. Morson, and M'Glue were standing in our taproom, and his wife along with him; Morson was lying with his head on the table asleep, very much in liquor, and M'Glue said, come drink; Morson said he could not drink any more; M'Glue said, will you have some gin, he said he could not drink any more; then 
               
                  Betty
                   Allen
               



             came in for a quartern of liquor, and he went out after her, he came back again in a quarter of an hour, and said, he was robbed; he was asked how much he was robbed of, and he said, ninety-six pounds; I asked him if he knew the person that robbed him; he said, no, I do not know her; there were some people in the house that mistrusted he had not lost this property, and they qustioned him, and they found by his talk, that he had lost it; says I, I shall come off duty again to-morrow, and if you will convince me that you have lost this money, I will find the parties that you were in company with; he said, he could not tell the person that robbed him, nor he could not tell the house that he went into.
Q. Did he describe that he went into a house with the prisoner? - A. Yes; he said, he had gone halfway up stairs.
Q. Are you sure he described himself to have gone half-way up stairs with the person who took the property from him? - A. Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Have you had any conversation with him since you were before the Justice? - A. No, none at all.
Jury. Q. Did he give you to understand, that it was the woman he went out with that robbed him? - A. No.
The prisoner Allen called two witnesses, who gave her a good character.





                        Elizabeth
                         Allen
                     



                   GUILTY (Aged 25.)
Of stealing the goods, but not violently.







               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Edward
               


             M'Glue, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .


                  Mary
               


             M'Glue, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before The LORD CHIEF BAROS.






[Transportation. See summary.]


