






3. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     PAGE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BREWER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of November
, a linen purse, value 1d. two guineas in gold, and five shillings in silver, the goods and Monies of 
                     
                        
                           Jeremiah 
                           Webster
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            .
(The witnesses examined separate by the prisoner Page's desire.)


                  JEREMIAH
                   WEBSTER
               



             sworn.
I know both of the women at the bar. I was robbed the 22d of November, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon; I was robbed of two guineas in gold, and I cannot justly tell what silver, there might be seven shillings in the whole, I cannot justly say, it was all in a purse in my pocket.
Q. Who are the persons that robbed you? - Them two were the persons, I am sure of it.
Q. Did you know their faces before? - No, not before that time. I went in a public house along with them, the Coach and Horses, the top of Islington


; I was rather in liquor, they asked me if I would give them something to drink; I told them I did not mind giving them a pot of beer, and I pulled my purse out to pay for it, it was a pot of ale, I gave a half crown to a girl to bring me the change, she brought me two shillings, I thought they were not good, and I sent them back again, and she brought me others, and one of the women said, we have given the landlady of the house a good deal of trouble for nothing; she called for a quartern of gin, the gin was brought, and we drank the gin, and then we had a pot more of ale, that girl that sat next to me I had felt her hand about the waistband of my breeches two or three times, then we drank this pot of ale; in a little time they said we will go, and they set off out of the parlour we were in, that gave me a suspicion; and I felt in my pocket, and my purse and money was gone; I followed them out, and catched them at the back door, just by the cellar head; I told them they had got my purse and money: they said they had not: and Brewer began crying, and the landlord presently went out and brought in a constable, and we went before the magistrate, there was one guinea found on Page, and half a crown, and as much silver as made up five shillings and six-pence; there was nothing found on Brewer.
Q. Are you sure that you did not drop it on the ground yourself? - Yes, I am very sure of that.
Prisoner Brewer. It was my own market money taken out of my pocket apron.


                  ELIZABETH
                   BURKIN
               



             sworn.
I am the landlady of the public house; last Friday week Page and Brewer came in with the farmer
 at three o'clock in the afternoon, I was sitting in the tap room, and they asked which was the tap room; I said that which I sat in; Page said they wanted a private room to settle a little business in, our servant shewed them into the parlour, Page said that she was going to settle with the farmer for two bushels of Apples.
Q. Which woman said that? - That good woman Page, Brewer went into the room with the farmer, they called for apot of warm ale, our servant warmed a pot of ale and took it in, Page told her to take the money of the farmer for it; he gave her half a crown to change for the pot of ale, I sent in two shillings, and he refused them, I sent in two others, Page said, don't give the landlady trouble for nothing, let us have a quartern of gin, we took in the change, he had eighteen-pence and three-pence halfpenny then in change out of the half crown, our servant went to take it in, and she came out and said to me I think the farmer seems to have a bit of gold in his purse, they then after that ordered another pot of ale; Page was talking to me, Brewer was in the room with the farmer, and when the girl came out of the parlour from taking the ale she came without the money, and Page told her to go and get the money of the farmer for the last pot of ale; the girl went in and she came out without the money, and said that she believed Brewer was picking the farmer's pocket, for she saw her hand underneath his smock frock; Page went in again before this; the women directly came out of the parlour very quick indeed, the farmer followed them directly out of the parlour, and laid hold of Brewer, and said you have got my purse, she began to cry directly, and said she had not got it, and directly she tucked something into her bosom, I did not see it was the purse, they directly ran along the passage to the back door, and the farmer after them, he said, you have got my purse, and I will have it before you go; our cellar stairs come close against the back door, they hustled there a good bit, they then went into the parlour again, the farmer and the two women, my husband about this time came, and said he would fetch an officer if they did not deliver the purse immediately; upon this somebody came in and called for some beer, and my husband went down the cellar to draw it, and he found the purse empty at the bottom of the stairs, the constable has the purse, my husband called me out and told me that he would go and fetch an officer directly, for he had found the purse; I called the farmer out of the parlour, and asked him if that was his purse, he said yes, he could swear to it, for it was made of the same stuff as his smock frock, which he had on, then the officer came, and they said they dare say that he would find his purse before he went, and when the officer came, there was a guinea and some silver found on Page, the farmer could not swear to his money, but he had two whole guineas, two half crowns, and some silver; he could not swear how much was in his purse, except one of the half crowns, which he changed with me.
Prisoner Page. Ask her whether she was in the parlour to see any thing of it.
Court. She never said she was in the parlour.


                  GEORGE
                   BURKIN
               



             sworn.
I went down the cellar to draw a pint of beer, and I found the purse at the bottom of the cellar stairs, I gave it to my wife, and she gave it to the constable.
A CONSTABLE sworn.
I had the charge of the two prisoners. I had also a purse delivered to me by the mistress of the house; I searched the two prisoners, and I found on the prisoner Page one guinea, five shillings, and seven-pence halfpenny, and two farthings; this is the purse that I had of Mrs. Burkin.
Mrs. Burkin. I had it of my husband.
Mr. Burkin. I found that purse at the bottom of the cellar stairs.
Prosecutor. It is the very same purse that I had in my pocket at the time Iwent into the parlour, it was then in my fob.
Prisoner Page. I never sat near that man at all; he met me as I was going up Islington, and he said are not you a market woman yes, says I, I am; says he, I have got some fruit to sell you, and I can sell it cheap; says I, I will buy it; says he, if you will go to a public house I will tell you where you can go and see it; so we went to this gentlewoman's public house and had a pot of ale, and I went and asked for a pen and ink, and he gave half a crown to pay for the liquor; the landlady sent in two shillings, he refused the two shillings, and she changed them, and we had a quartern of gin; and after that we had another pot of ale, and he made rather a dispute about paying for the pot of ale, and so I told him never to mind, I would pay for it; it was my own money that was taken from me.
Prisoner Brewer. I was going along home with this young woman, and we met this farmer, and he said he had got some fruit to sell, and we went into this public house, and he treated us with a pot of ale and some gin, and after that the countryman said that he lost his purse, I had not a farthing in the world about me.
Court to Webster. Had you any dealings with these women about any apples, or any thing of that sort? - No, I never had any apples to sell.
The prisoner Brewer called one witness who gave her a good character.


                  Mary
                   Page
               



            , GUILTY. (Aged 21.)


                  Elizabeth
                   Brewer
               



            , GUILTY. (Aged 20.)




               Of the robbery but not privately from his person
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.
