





363. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     MARTIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Richmond
                        




                     
                  , no person being therein, about four o'clock in the afternoon, of the 20th of August
 last, and feloniously stealing therein a cloth great coat, value 3 s. a pair of velveteen breeches, value 5 s. a pair of leather breeches, value 4 s. two cloth coats, value 6 s. a man's hat, value 1 s. a dimity waistcoat, value 6 d. a stuff waistcoat, value 6 d. his property
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   RICHMOND
               



             sworn.
I live at Paddington


; on the 28th of August I went out of my house at six in the morning, I left my son, he is not here, I came back to dinner at twelve, every thing was then safe; I went out to my work at one, there was nobody but myself, I left no person in the house, I locked my house; I returned at four and found it open, the lock drawn: I missed nothing; I found the prisoner in the house with these things on his back; he was in the middle of the room; it is all a ground floor; a bundle laid by the side which contained two coats, a pair of breeches, and 2 waistcoats; these things are mine, they were in the house when I went out, I saw them there the night before; they were in the same room but not packed up; the great coat and the hat were in drawers; I value them as in the indictment.
Prisoner. I was never near the place.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 4 s.
            

Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


