





121. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PYMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of January
, two cheeses, 24lb. weight, value 9s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Winkworth
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Tildey
               



            .
THOMAS WINKWORTH sworn. - I am in partnership with John Tildey, wharfinger and flour factor

, at Broken-wharf, Thames-street; I knownothing of the loss myself; the cheeses were stolen from Randall's-wharf, adjoining Brokenwharf


.


                  JOHN
                   PHILLIPS
               



             sworn. - I do business upon Mr. Winkworth's and the other wharfs; I am an agent employed by the cheesemongers, to see that the cheeses are safely delivered to the persons they are consigned to: On Thursday last we landed a great many cheeses on Mr. Winkworth's wharf, I was present the whole day, we landed 1202 cheeses of that parcel, and slowed them upon the wharf; about a quarter before five o'clock, William Adams, a soldier, who works on the wharf, brought the prisoner at the bar and two cheeses to me; they were in piles of twenty cheeses high; as soon as I saw the mark upon the cheeses. I knew which parcel they were taken from; every cheesemonger has a different mark upon his cheese, either with letters or figures; all these 1202 cheeses belonged to Barnard and Knight, in Gracechurch-street, and I looked at the third pile, and found there were only eighteen instead of twenty; they were all marked with 5 in a diamond, that mark was put upon them in the country; I am positive that the two that were brought back had been taken from that pile; the prisoner was what we call a scuffle-humer, to do any thing that is wanted at the water-side.
Q. Was he at all employed about these cheeses? - A. No, not at all.


                  WILLIAM
                   ADAMS
               



             sworn. - I was employed by Mr. Phillips to pile the cheeses. On Thursday last I had been employed to carry some cheeses up into the warehouse at the top of the wharf, and returning back, I met the prisoner with two cheeses under his arm going out of the wharf; I asked him where he was going with them; he told me he was going to Mr. Hammond's with them; Mr. Hammond frequently came to the wharf for cheese, and then I went to inform Mr. Phillips of it; in consequence of what he said to me, I immediately ran after the prisoner, and, about thirty yards from the wharf, I found him behind a door, putting the cheeses in a sack; I laid hold of him, and then he said he was done; I gave the cheeses to Mr. Phillips.(
               
                  Thomas
                   Hughes
               



            , the constable, produced the cheeses, which were deposed to by Phillips).
Prisoner's defence. As I was coming off Brookes's-wharf, I saw these two cheeses lying in the gateway, and I thought it no hurt to take them up.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
