





107. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CLIFFORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th day of February
 last, two silk handkerchiefs, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Dixon
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Dixon
                  



               
            .


                  SUSANNAH
                   DIXON
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 23, Redcross-street, Cripplegate


; I keep a haberdasher's shop

 there; my sister Catherine is partner with me. On the 5th of February, between seven and eight in the evening, a man came into the shop, and took two silk handkerchiefs; there was nobody in the shop; I was in the room adjoining; the handkerchiefs were on a line across the shop-window, close to the door; I immediately ran out, and cried stop thief! and he was pursued and taken; the person is here who took him; I could not see his face; his back was towards me; my sister was with me in the room adjoining; he was brought back in about three minutes after he went out.


                  WILLIAM
                   EVENDEN
               



             sworn.
I am a leather-cutter and currier; I livein Denmark-court, Golden-lane. I was coming down Redcross-street between seven and eight; I had got past the shop-door of Mrs. Dixon: I heard the people in the shop call out; I turned round, and saw the prisoner run out with something in his hand; I pursued, and called stop thief; he threw down the things, and I picked them up; he was taken immediately by a person who is here.
Prisoner. He never was near me.
Evenden. I delivered the things to the constable.


                  SAMUEL
                   PENDELTON
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman. I was coming along Redcross-street between seven and eight in the evening; I heard a person cry stop thief! the prisoner was running on the pavement, the same side of the way I was of; I made a catch at him; he shunned me, and ran into the road; I ran after him, and caught him; when I caught him, he begged for mercy, and said it was only a bastard child that they were pursuing him for; I said he must go back with me: Evenden came up in about two minutes; and I took him to the shop.


                  JOHN
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. (Produces the property.)
(Mrs. Dixon deposed to the handkerchiefs.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming up this street, and I heard the cry of stop thief! and that gentleman kicked my shoe off; I was crossing the way to my mother, who lives in the court opposite.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
