





312 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing the 23d of February
, a silver watch, value 3 l. a steel watch chain, value 2 s. a steel seal, value 2 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mitchell
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  JOHN
                   MITCHELL
               



             sworn.
I am a labouring man
 I live near Fulham


; I lost my watch; I was not at home when it was taken out.


                  ANN
                   MITCHELL
               



             sworn.
I was at home when the watch was taken, the prisoner at the bar came and knocked at the door and asked me if there was not a house to lett? I said, yes, two, one that I lived in and another, says he, I will be glad if you will shew me them, says I, if you please to see mine first; I shewed him mine, and then he asked to see the other house, as soon as I knocked at the door of the other house, he said he liked the other house best, says he, I will comeand let you know on Monday, and take it for three years certain, and begged the favour of me to let him go into the house again to measure the fire places, to see if the stoves fitted; says he, will you be so good to let me go up stairs to measure the front room fire place? my watch was hanging on the bed side, I let him; he comes down and bids me good morning, when I instantly thought of my husband's watch, I went up stairs and found it was gone, and I runs after him and met him.
Mr. Schoen. There is in point of fact another house in the row that is to be lett? - There is, the next door but one.
Q. Do you recollect when the man left your house to go to the other, whether you left your door open? - No, I did not, I locked it.
Q. How long was it before you had seen your watch? - When he knocked at the door I see the watch, and it was half after ten.
Q. Do you know whether the garden door was open? - No, it was not.
- WOODLUCK sworn.
I was at work at Mr. Wilcox's garden and I heard the cry of stop thief, and Mrs. Mitchell was there, and she said, the prisoner had took her watch; the prisoner was stopped, and I found the watch laying on a gravel walk, on Mr. Heaviside's garden, and it has been in my possession ever since.
Mr. Schoen. How far is Mr. Wilcox's garden from Mr. Mitchell's house? - five or six hundred yards.


                  WILLIAM
                   WEBB
               



             sworn.
I was present at the pursuit of this man; I saw him run past me; Mrs. Mitchell and another was pursuing; I saw him swing his arm forward, but I could not see what he flung, but I imagined it must be then he threw the watch out of his hand, it was towards Mr. Heaviside's garden.
Mr. Schoen. He was running, it was a cold frosty morning? - No, the frost was broke.


                  JOHN
                   OSBORN
               



             sworn.
I stopped the man, the people was pursuing him, and crying stop him.




               GUILTY of stealing to the amount of 39 s
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
