





172. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 23d day of March
, with a certain offensive weapon and instrument, called a clasp knife, which he in his right-hand then and there had and held, on 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Petrie
                        




                     
                   unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously, did make an assault, with intent to rob him
            .


                  JOHN
                   PETRIE
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer
; I work for a corn-dealer
: last Friday, the 23d of March, between eight and nine at night, I was going home to my lodging in Cheney's-mews; the prisoner stopped me in the road leading from the Duke of Bolton's to Gower-street; he came up to me with a great clasped knife, and said he would have my life or my money; I first passed him, and he returned and laid hold of me; a scuffle ensued, and I tried to beat the knife out of his hand; he tried to cut my throat; when he first came up, I told him he should not have my money; he laid hold of both my arms; I never lost fight of him till he was taken; there were no lamps at the place; the knife was in his hand when he was taken; I am sure I never lost sight of him.


                  JOHN
                   HUNTLEY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer in the customs: last Friday I was returning from Somers'-town; we heard the cry of stop thief! we were alarmed; I met the prosecutor, and he said, for God's sake, help me; here is a man wants to murder me; the prisoner was so near, he must have heard him; the prisoner was stooping very low, or lying down; I jumped over the rail, and pursued him; he had a knife in his hand; I drove him till I came to the Duke of Bolton's rails; then I caught him by the collar; then he said, d - n your e - s, you b - r, I have no money, what do you want of me? those were the words he repeated; 
               
                  Brown
               


             the patrol then came up and helped me.
JOHN BROWN sworn.
I saw the prisoner at the Duke of Bolton's rails; one of the Duke's chairmen took this knife (produces a clasp knife) from him; I am sure it is the same knife that was taken from the prisoner.

HUGH O'DONNELL sworn.
Corroborated the testimony of the last witness.
Prisoner. I never was in the fields that night, or did I ever see that knife before tonight.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


