





303. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DAVIES
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of March, a pair of women's stays, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Macmanus
               




            .


                  MARY
                   MACMANUS
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of Patrick Macmanus, I lodge at No. 10, Drury-lane


: On Tuesday, the 15th of March, I lost a pair of stays; I left them at a quarter after ten in my own room, in a box, it was not locked; I returned about twelve, and missed my stays, and a bonnet; I found my stays a pawnbroker's, about four o'clock the same day.


                  THOMAS
                   PERRIN
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Marlborough-street: On the 15th of March, between two and three o'clock, I was sent for to apprehend the prisoner. In Mrs. Macmanus's room they searched her, and behind her back they found this bunch of keys,(producing them); and among them, a key that opened her door; I had them from Mrs. Macmanus, there are eighteen of them; I found a duplicate in her pocket belonging to theseitays, which were pawned in Oxford-road; I took her to Marlborough-street, and she was committed.


                  JOSEPH
                   FOLLOWS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Burnthwaite, pawnbroker, in Oxford-road, (produces a pair of stays); I had them of the prisoner at the bar; I had seen her before.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Mrs. Macnanus.) Was the prisoner brought to your house afterwards? - A. No, I found her in the passage; she came, I suppose, to take some more things. I asked her what she wanted? and she said, she wanted to go backwards; a constable was sent for, and she was detained till he came; I searched her and found these keys upon her, and the duplicate; there was no violence done to the door. These are my stays, I had only wore them twice; there was a dirty lace in them, and they were made for me.
Prisoner's defence. As I was coming through Smithfield, I met with another woman, that told me my husband would be at home in a fortnight or three weeks; we had no money, and she went and brought these stays, and pawned them; she left the duplicate upon the table, and I took it up; I went to enquire for Mr. Dawson, and this good woman came and asked me what I wanted; she took me up stairs, and used me very ill. I know nothing about the stays any more than the child unborn. I found the keys as I was coming from Chelmsford to London.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 42.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
