





334. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WALPOLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of March
, eighteen linen shifts, value 12l. seven linen shirts, value 3l. seven pair of silk stockings, value 3l. seven pair of silk stockings with worsted feet, value 40s. three pair of cotton stockings, value 7s. three pair of linen drawers, value 20s. three muslin caps, value 15s. two dimity petticoats, value 20s. a muslin petticoat, value 12s. a calico petticoat, value 6s. a cotton dressing gown, value 5s. a linen powdering gown, value 5s. three linen aprons, value 10s. a calico night gown, value 5s. a calico cap, value 1s. three pair of dimity pockets, value 10s; thirty muslin handkerchiefs, value 15l. a muslin gown, value 21s. fourteen cambrick pocket handkerchiefs, value 3l. and sixteen linen pocket handkerchiefs, value 2l.
             the property of the Right Hon. 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Fitzroy
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner.)


                  MARY
                   HYSON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to the Hon. Mr. Fitzroy, now Lord Southampton
, he lived then in Chapel-street; I packed up the property stated in the indictment, on the Sunday that they were lost, the 20th; I packed them in the country, to send to town, my Lord was then in town.


                  JOHN
                   SALKELD
               



             sworn. - I am book-keeper, at the Cross-keys, St. John-street; on Monday the 21st of March, the trunk went through my hands, directed to Col. Fitzroy, it came from a few miles on this side Bedford; I delivered it to the porter about six o'clock in the evening, to carry it where it was directed.


                  RICHARD
                   HUCKELL
               



             sworn. - I am the porter, I received a trunk from Mr. Salkeld, the bookkeeper, to deliver to Colonel 
               
                  Fitzroy
               


            ; I carried it as far as the corner of Bond-street; I was going to Squire Whitbread's with a basket that was tied to the trunk, and in order to rest myself, I set it upon the pump, at the corner; I was standing by the side of the pump, and a gentleman came up, and asked me the name of a street, with some strange name, and turned my back towards the trunk, and kept pointing about this street, directly the contrary way to where my box was, when I turned round to look for my load, I missed the trunk, and never saw it any more; he went down Bond-street, I followed him a little way down Bond-street; I was rather suspicious of him, and lost him in a minute.
Q. Should you know him again? - A. I do not think I should.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Don't you know it is not that man at the bar? - A. No; it was a lustier man than him.


                  ANN
                   HARPER
               



             sworn. - I live at No. 13. Blenheim-street; on Monday evening the 20th of March, about twenty minutes after seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner bring a trunk to a public house, the corner of Woodstock-street, with a basket tied at the top of it, the door was a little way open, and he brought it in, I had lodged in the house formerly, and happened to be there.
Q. Are you sure this was the 20th of March? - A. Yes, I am; he put it down in the room, and asked to leave it; he went out, and returned in about ten minutes; when he came to fetch it, I was reading the direction, and he said, you see I am come back again.

Q. What was the direction upon it? - A. The direction upon the basket was 
               
                  Samuel
                   Whitbread
               



            , Esq. No. 17, Lower Grosvenor-street; and the trunk was directed to Colonel 
               
                  Fitz
               


             - something, I could not read the whole of the name, No. 4, Chapel-street, West, May-fair, he took the trunk away; the woman asked whose it was when he returned; he said it was his; I told him I thought it was not; he made answer, did I think so; he took it upon his shoulder and ran out, he went into Bond-street with it as fast as he could run, and I went after him; there stood a coach a few doors down Blenheim-street, and he put it into the coach, he did not get into the coach, but crossed the way and walked down Bond-street; the coach drove down Bond-street towards Grosvenor-street, but where they went to I do not know.
Q. Are you sure that is the man? - A. Yes; I am very sure that is the man.
Q. Had you ever seen him before? - A. I had seen him a number of times.
Q. Are you acquainted with him? - A. I never spoke to him in my life till then.
Q. Where had you seen him? - A. I had seen him here in the Old-Bailey several times, and in Carnaby-market.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You did not mean that you saw him tried here? - A. No.
Prisoner. Q. You swore at the first examination that you had seen me tried here? - A. I said no such thing.
Prisoner. The Bow-street officer told her not to say so any more.


                  WILLIAM
                   CHAPMAN
               



             called in. - Q. How old are you? - A. Eleven.
Q. Do you know any thing about the nature of an oath? - A. No, I do not.
Q. What will be your punishment if you tell a story? - A. I shall go to hell.
Q. And if you swear that which is false what will be your punishment? - A. Go to hell, (sworn.) There was a gentleman came up and called coach in Bond-street, and I followed him a little below Woodstock-street, and a gentleman came in a few minutes and put a trunk into the coach.
Q. The same gentleman? - A. I cannot say; I followed him into Brook-street, and the coach waited a few minutes there, and then he got into the coach, and ordered me to Fetter-lane, and I drove on towards Fetter-lane.
Q. Did you drive the coach? - A. Yes.
Q. How long have you drove? - A. My father has got such a bad cold upon his lungs that he cannot drive of nights, and I come to him of a night while he goes home; when I got to the end of Gray's-Inn-lane, he told me to go up Castle-street, and the gentleman got out and gave me two shillings, and took the box away; that is all I know of it.
Q. He did not go into any house? - A. Not that I saw.
Q. Should you know that gentleman again? - A. I do not know that I should.
Q. Look at the prisoner; do you think that is the man? - A. No; I think he was rather taller.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You were examined at Bow-street? - A. Yes.
Q. You told the same story there? - A. Yes.
Q. Was your father with you any part of the time after the trunk was put into the coach? - A. Yes; about a quarter of an hour.
Q. Have you seen Mrs. Harper since you were at Bow-street? - A. Yes.
Q. Did she say any thing to you about this business, or about the man? - A. No.
Prisoner's defence. I am innocent of the business, I know nothing of it.
For the Prisoner.


                  THOMAS
                   CHAPMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Were you with your son when the coach was called in Bond-street? - A. Yes; the coach was called, and we followed the person that called the coach below Blenheim-street, leading into Woodstock-street, and there was a trunk put in, which I looked upon as a gentleman's servant carrying his master's trunk.
Q. Look at the prisoner; do you think that is the man? - A. No, I don't think it is; I think the man that brought the trunk was a bigger man.
Q. When the trunk was brought to your coach, did you see any more than one man? - A. No.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
