





220. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HAGGETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of February
, two coach-glasses, value 12s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joshua 
                     Rivers
                  




               
            .
JOSHUA RIVERS sworn.
I keep a livery stable
 in Fann-street, Aldersgate-street


, I lost the glasses out of the yard; I keep a hackney-coach, it goes out about eight or nine in the day, and comes home about eleven or twelve at night; there is a gallery at the bottom of the yard, where a few people live, we lock the gate and leave the wicket open; about six o'clock in the morning, my servant found the coach-door open, and the glasses gone; and I heard a man had been stopped with them by the watchman, in Old-street, or Golden-lane, and called me up immediately.
- WATSON sworn.
I am headborough in St. Luke's parish; it was my night up at the watchhouse; the 16th of this month I was walking down Golden-lane, as I generally do once or twice in the night; I heard two people coming up on the other side of the way talking one to the other, this was a little before three in the morning; I heard them making use of bad words; I crossed over to them, and seeing me crossing over, they walked along rather faster; as soon as I got to the corner, they turned up Playhouse-yard; I saw the glasses between the men, they were carrying them in their hands, and they made a great rattling one against the other, which gave me a suspicion they had got something they should not have; seeing me follow, the other went forward, and this man dropped the glasses, and I stopped him.
Q.Were the glasses broke? - A. No; they were set down by the wall, and were not damaged at all.(produces them).
Q. Are you sure the prisoner had the possession of these two glasses? - A. Yes; I made a particular remark of him, his coat being out at both elbows, and his shirt hanging out.
Rivers. This glass is mine; there were four lost out of the yard, only one of these is mine; they left each a stick in my ride, the one on one side, the other on the other.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming round Golden-lane, I turned the corner of Playhouse-yard, and the watchman laid hold of me, and took me to the watchhouse, and afterwards brought two glasses, and asked if I knew any thing of them; I know nothing of them.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London jury, before Mr. COMMON SERGEANT.
