





736. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     EDGEWORTH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Mellish
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Mellish
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of two in the night of the 19th of October
, and burglariously stealing therein, a cloth coat, value 4 s. a velveret waistcoat, value 1 s. a linen handkerchief, value 6 d. a clasp knife, value 1 d. a half crown, two shillings, ten copper halfpence, and one copper farthing, and a counterfeit six-pence, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Birch
                        



                     
                   in the same dwelling house
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                  JOHN
                   LODGE
               



             sworn.
I am a journeyman butcher to Mr. Mellish, Shadwell-dock.
Q. What are their names? - 
               
                  Peter
                   Mellish
               



             and 
               
                  William
                   Mellish
               



            .
Q. Where is their house situated? - By the river's side at Shadwell-dock


.
Q. Describe the situation of this house to the court and jury? - I sleep in a little house that goes in at the right hand side of the gate and my master's house is on the left hand side.
Q. Is there a wall that surounds both the houses? - Yes, there is.
Q. Is where you live within the gateway? - It is.
Q. You slept with 
               
                  Joseph
                   Birch
               



             in the same house? - Yes.
Q. Where is that house? - It is in master's yard.
Q. Were there any great gates to this yard? - Yes.
Q. Is it within those gates? - Yes, it is.
Q. What fence is there about you? - A wall on one side of the house, and a river on the other.
Q. Are you inclosed on the side of the river with a wall?
Court. Does the wall go completely round? - From one side of the gateway to the other.
Mr. Knapp. Is there any other way into the street except through the gate? - No, none at all.

Court. I want to know whether that wall goes all round the premises? - It joins from our house to master's.
Q. Does the wall continue from your master's to the house you live in? - Yes, there are buildings all round, it is a square, it is one wall.
Q. Does it all belong to Mr. Mellish? - It does.
Q. It is completely enclosed, is it not? - It is.
Court. Then if I understand you right where you sleep is one side of the gateway and Mr. Mellish's house is on the other side of the gateway, and the wall connects both? - It does, and there is no possible way of getting out but at the gate, except they get over the wall, and that will take a man a deal of trouble to do.
Q. To what purpose is the house you live in used for? - For the butchers to sleep in that work for Mr. Mellish.
Q. Did you sleep in the same room with Birch? - Yes.
Q.Now what time did you go to bed at this night? - Some time between eleven and twelve, Saturday night, but I cannot tell the day of the month.
Q. How long ago? - I cannot say, I did not take any notice of the day of the month, about a fortnight or three weeks ago, or it might be longer or shorter; I was the last person up.
Q. When you went up stairs how did you fasten the door at the yard? - To the door in the yard there is no fastening at all only I put it to, and when I went up to the room where I slept, I latched it.
Q. You nor Birch does not pay any rent to your master? - No, none at all.
Q. Are you sure you locked the bed room door? - I am positive I latched it.
Q. So that any person to get into that room must lift up the latch to come in? - Yes.
Q. Was you present when the man was taken? - The man that took him came and called to me at the bottom of the stairs, and I got up from the bed.
Q. Who alarmed you? - Taylor.
Q. What time of the morning was that? - About a quarter before four, he told me it was.
Q. Was it light at that time? - It was moon light, it was not day light, I went to bed again; he asked me if I had lost any thing? I said no, and this man got out of bed and said that he had lost his coat and waistcoat that he had pulled off when he had gone to bed.


                  JOSEPH
                   BIRCH
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Mellish, I sleep in the same lodge with the last witness; this happened last Saturday was a week, I went to bed a little after eleven o'clock.
Q. When you went to bed what did you do with your things? - I chucked them into the cupboard, a striped velveret waistcoat, and a cloth coat, and a white linen handkerchief in the pocket of it, with a red border, half a crown in the waistcoat, two shillings, and a bad six-pence, five-penny worth of halfpence, a farthing, and a knife.
Q. What may be the value of them altogether? twenty shillings? - No, not so much.
Q. When did you miss them? - I did not miss them till 
               
                  Thomas
                   Spikes
               



             came and awaked me in the morning, he came and called my fellow servant, but I was awake and I missed my things directly I went to the cupboard, it was about four o'clock.
Q. Was it light or dark? - Dark.

Q Was the door shut or open at that time? - I cannot tell, I did not observe.
Q. How soon did you find them again? - A man came and told us that the clothes and the prisoner were up at the watch-house.
Q. Did you go up to the watch-house? - I did, I saw the things, they were all there as I had put them in the cupboard the over night.
Q. Are they here? - They are, I gave charge of the prisoner directly.
Q. Did you know him before? - I cannot say I did, I have heard him cry the hour but I did not take any notice.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing at the time? - He said nobody could confine him, with that I gave charge of him directly.


                  WILLIAM
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I am a rope maker, I know the prisoner's face again since I took him; I took him on Sunday morning about half after two o'clock, I took him in Mr. Mellish's yard, at the post of the stair case where the men sleep.
Q. What business had you in the yard there? - I had been looking out for my father in law at Shadwell-dock stairs, he was to come to me at twelve o'clock, I stood at the stairs and I heard the prisoner at the bar go past one o'clock and two o'clock.
Q. Where was the man? - In the street. With that there I sat there, I was keeping the boat afloat, I made the boat fast at the stairs, and took the sculls to Mr. Mellish's yard; I went to get myself a glass of gin, and I met the watchman, the prisoner at the foot of the stairs of Mr. Mellish's house, where the men sleep; I said to him halloo, what have you got here? he makes no answer, but ran past, I saw a coat and waistcoat hanging over his arm.
Q. Was it light enough for you to see what sort of a coat and waistcoat it was? - It was not, it was quite a cloudy morning; I catched hold of him by the collar, and I said, what have you got here?
Court. Could you distinguish his face so as to know him at all? could you tell any man by his face? - No, I could not, I asked him if them belonged to him? he said no. I asked him where he got the property? he said he found them in a necessary, in Labour-in-vain-street.
Q. Did you know Labour-in-vain-street? - Yes, it might be almost a hundred yards off.
Q. Did you continue hold of him? - I brought him outside of the gate, and I called out watch, not knowing him to be the watchman, he said I will take you to the watchman, with that I took him to the watch-house; I let him have the property all this time; when I went there was never a watchman in the place; the officer had gone his rounds, and he said he would take me to Mr. Thomas's, the officer's house; he had gone his round at three o'clock; we went to Mr. Thomas's, Mr. Thomas was not at home; coming back again I met with the officer of the night, Mr. Bailey, to whom I gave charge of the prisoner, then Mr. Bailey said that he would be bound for his appearance, I went home and awaked my father-in-law; Mr. Bailey kept the property; I left the prisoner and property in the watch-house with Mr. Bailey.
Q. What became of the property when you came away? did Mr. Bailey take it of the prisoner? - He did, and I went and awaked my father-in-law, and went with him to Mr. Mellish's to awake the people at Mr. Mellish's, we alarmed all the whole four of them that slept in the place, and there were none had lost any thing but 
               
                  Joseph
                   Birch
               



            .
Q. Did you hear him say so? - I did, after that Birch and me, and my father in law, went to the watch-house, and wesee the prisoner there, Mr. Bailey was there.
Q. Did you see the property again, that you had seen before? - Yes.
Q. What did Birch say to the property? - He said he could swear to the property being his
Q. Did he look at it? - Yes.
Q. Did you give any charge of the prisoner? - Yes, I gave charge of him, having the property in Mr. Mellish's yard.


                  WILLIAM
                   BAILEY
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman, belonging to St. Paul's, Shadwell; I was officer of the night, I remember meeting the prisoner and Taylor between three and four; between the watch-house and King David's-lane, on Sunday the 20th of this month; Taylor gave charge on suspicion that he had stole the coat and waistcoat, and Birch gave me charge afterwards; I have known the prisoner for four years, he was a watchman of the same parish, of St. Paul's, Shadwell, he was on the very night.
Q. Whereabouts is his beat? - His beat is by Shadwell Dock, by Mr. Mellish's; I took charge of him and the property, and took and locked them up and produced them on the morning of the 21st, at the office; this is the property, I have had it in my custody ever since, it was sealed up there.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner say any thing about it? - I examined the prisoner how he came by it, he made a slight answer, he said he found it, I asked him whether he knew what were in the pockets? he told me no, he had not felt, I asked Mr. Birch what he had lost? he told me a coat, waistcoat, &c. the prisoner was in the watch-house at the time.
Q. Did Mr. Birch, in the presence of the prisoner, claim the property to be his? - He told me that it was his property, and that he had pulled it off his back, and laid it in the cupboard before he went to bed.
Q. Do you know Mr. Mellish's premises? - I was in them to day.
Q. Do you know the gateway, is there one connected square of building and wall to make the square? is there a general building that makes the square, or is any part of it open? - To the best of my knowledge there is a little wall, but it is very high, that goes round and connects all the buildings.
Birch. This is my coat and waistcoat, I can hardly swear to the handkerchief, but it was the same sort of handkerchief that I lost; nor the money I cannot swear to, nor the knife so much.
Prisoner. I found them in Labour-in-vain-street, as I was going down at two o'clock in Mrs. Partridge's necessary, they were tied up in this white handkerchief, I see something white, and so put my hand on them, and I untied them and I had them on my arm, and this man met me and hallooed out watch, I told him he need not call out watch, for I was going to take them to the watch-house.
The prisoner called 
               
                  Mary
                   Douglas
               



             to his character.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing but not of the burglary.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
