





745. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     TIMMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering thedwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lorien
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the forenoon of the 20th of September
 last, the said John and one James Fell being therein, and stealing two sheets, value 5 s. a shirt, value 4 s. and a linen handkerchief, value 3 s. his property
            .


                  JOHN
                   LORIEN
               



             sworn.
I am a weaver
. I keep house in George-street, Bethnal-green


: my house was broke open about ten in the morning, on Monday, the 20th of September. The prisoner had four keys, and one of them opened the door: I was at work up stairs with my brother-in-law, 
               
                  James
                   Fell
               



            . I lost a pair of sheets, a shirt, and a neck handkerchief: the prisoner was taken by Mr. Kent, with the things on him: the things were in the kitchen; I saw them there when I got up in the morning. I never saw the prisoner till he was taken.
Mrs. FELL sworn.
I live in this house. On Monday, the 20th of September, I went out about ten, and left the prosecutor and James Fell in the house: I locked the kitchen door, as usual, and carried the key up stairs: because we are up stairs in general: the house door was on the latch: I put the key on my loom.
Did you take particular notice when you went out? - I locked it, as usual; I am sure the door was on the latch, and I tried it, and I locked it, as usual; I did not try it afterwards: I staid out about a quarter of an hour; when I returned the door was wide open, and I missed the things in the indictment; a shirt, a pair of sheets, and a lawn handkerchief: I saw the things again in Mr. Kemp's hands: I saw the prisoner come out of the house, as I was coming over from leading the child to school: I did not stop him: I did not know who he belonged to: the prisoner is the man: I saw his face when I returned: I found the key of the kitchen in the place where I put it.


                  SAMUEL
                   KEMP
               



             sworn.
I am a broker. On the 20th of September I was going up King-street; I met the prisoner with something under his arm, without a hat; I thought he looked very odd: I did not stop him: I met him about three hundred or four hundred yards from the prosecutor's house; he was running from the house: I was going into a broker's, and I turned round, and saw Mr. Fell and his brother running; I asked them what was the matter, and I pursued the prisoner, and took him in Hackney-road, and he dropped a hat box; these are the things I took upon him; the things were in an old hat box, under his arm: I delivered him to Mr. Armstrong; I saw Armstrong take four keys and a chissel from him; these are the keys and chissel; they were brought to me about five this afternoon: I tried this key this afternoon, and it opens the kitchen door.
Prosecutor. The sheets were taken from my bed in the kitchen; they are mine, and the shirt is mine; I missed one; it lay on a chair, by the side of the bed: the lawn neck handkerchief was torn at a corner: I value the sheets at five shillings, the shirt at four shillings.
Kemp. Fell brought me the things to day from Armstrong.
Fell. I brought the same things I received from Armstrong.
Prisoner. A man gave me the things to carry.




               GUILTY, of stealing to the value of 4 s. 6 d
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


