





211. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of February
, two linen sheets, value 8 s. two curtains, value 8 s. a copper tea-kettle, value 18 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Martha 
                           Cartwright
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  MARTHA
                   CARTWRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 11, Steward's-rents, Great Wild-street


; I let the prisoner my back-parlour that joins to my front-parlour, where I dwell in; she was with me a week and a half, she came to me about the middle of February, and asked me for a room, and said it was for her sister; about two or three days afterwards she returned, and asked me if I had, and said that she was only joking with me in saying it was for her sister; and I let her the room; on the Saturday night sevennight following I found the room pretty nigh stripped; she told me the things were not gone, but only pulled down, and afterwards she told me the things were all in pawn, but she would get them out on Monday morning; I went to the door thinking to get my things safe, and get the key, but I saw her no more till one o'clock on Wednesday morning, when I went to her door, and asked for my rent; she said it was an unseasonable hour, and she would not answer me till the morrow; I found her thenlaying on the bed in her clothes, and no sheets, nor curtains, nor copper kettle was there, they were all gone: the pawnbroker has them here.


                  THOMAS
                   ROBERT FORD
               



             sworn.
I produce two sheets and two curtains; they were pledged to me by the prisoner on the 21st and 22d of February; I had seen her several times before; I gave her four shillings upon the two curtains, one shilling and sixpence on one sheet, and one shilling on the other.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
She gave me leave to pawn them; I told her I wanted to raise a little money, and I did not think it would be any hurt.
Court to prosecutor. Did you give her leave to pawn them? - On my oath I did not.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
