





247. 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     HACKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of April
, a pair of callico breeches, value 5s. a callico waistcoat, value 5s. ten callico shirts, value 2l. 5s. four muslin handkerchiefs, value 8s. a muslin gown, with lace robbins, value 7s. a linen jacket, value 1s. a muslin handkerchief, value 1s. a callico petticoat, value 1s. a linen jacket, value 6d. a pair of cotton drawers, value 6d. three pair of cotton stockings, value 3s. four linen caps, value 3s. six linen caps, value 3s. a cotton jacket, value 3s. a cotton handage, value 3d. a twild callico napkin, value 1s. a cotton petticoat, value 9d. six other muslin handkerchiefs, value 6s. a muslin caul and head piece to a cap, value 1s. two muslin sleeves of a gown, value 6d. a pair of silk stockings, value 1s. a mounted fan, value 1s. 6d, half a yard of printed linen cloth, value 4s. a small piece of sheeting, value 6d. a yard of corded dimity, value 1s. 6d. five pillow cases, value 5s. and one pebble box, value 2s. the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Prescott
                     




                  , Esq
. in his dwelling house
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   PRESCOTT
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 5, Hind-street, Manchester-square


, I reside there, I was in that house when I discovered I had been robbed, the articles were kept in that house, the prisoner was a servant
; on Wednesday the 16th of April, I turned the prisoner away from my service, I ordered my butler to collect her things together and put them in the entry, and put them in a hackney coach. I had not been in the habit of visiting many of my servantstrunks when they left my service, but perceiving if I did so in this instance, it might lead to the unfolding something very unfortunate that had happened in my family, I determined to discover what was in her trunk, I therefore demanded of her, her keys, she refused to give them, I called up my servants that they might have the testimony of what I did, I told her it was in vain to deny, for the more she denied the more I would persist, and she at last gave the keys up to the butler, the trunk was opened, and the first thing that discovered itself was the callico breeches and waistcoat of mine, they are of a very fine description of cloth called, Isares. On this I went to the police office in Marlborough street, for a constable, I did not choose to proceed farther of myself, a constable, of the name of Hamilton, was sent with me, and he examined and found all the articles contained in the indictment, which are my property. I have undervalued them considerably in the indictment.
Q. Had you missed any articles before this time? - Never, not during this woman living with me.
Q. How long had this woman lived with you? - She had lived with me two periods, and I took her back the second time because I thought her an excellent character, she had lived with me formerly as a nurse maid, she attended on me in my illness; the last time she came to attend about the house, occasionally to attend my wife, the first time she lived with me fifteen months, the last time about two months; I took her in again merely because I thought her an excellent character, and as such I should have given her to any other place had I not found this out.
Q. Before you found these things in the box, had you missed any of them? - None, I had not a suspicion of the kind.
Q. Had you any reason to open the box? - Yes, I had reason, but not expecting or suspecting any thing of this.
Q. Was there any thing in the trunk besides your things? - Yes, there were some articles of her own.
Q. Had she any articles there which she claimed to be her own? - Yes, she had some.


                  SAMUEL
                   HAMILTON
               



             sworn.
I am a constable belonging to Mary-le-bone; I saw the box opened; it was the prisoner's, she was standing by and acknowledged it to be her's, there were some little things of her own in it, and the greatest part of the articles, which I produce here, were found in that box, some I found in another box up stairs, which had never been removed.
Q. How do you know the box above stairs was the prisoner's? - Because she brought it down herself into the entry where the other was. It was a small paper box.
Court to Prescott. You say that the articles which were delivered to the constable are belonging to you; and all the articles are put in the indictment? - They are, I believe them all to be mine; I can swear them all to be mine. The fine shifts are marked I. B. with a cross, they have never been marked since they were washed in India; I can at all times tell things that have been washed in India. I do not conceive, from the circumstances I have collected in my family, that the prisoner could have taken all these things at one time.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 30s.
             (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
