






549. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ELKINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of August

, a deal board, value 3s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Webb
               



            : and


                     JAMES 
                     HAYWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, on the same day, knowing it to have been stolen
            .
The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.


                  WILLIAM
                   HERBERT
               



             sworn.
I am an apprentice to Mr. 
               
                  Robert
                   Webb
               



            , in Great Distaff-lane



; the prisoner Elkins is a journeyman
 of his; Mr. Webb is a box-maker
.
Q. Tell us what past the 25th of August, what time did he come in the morning? - Five o'clock in the morning.
Q. Who let him in? - My fellow apprentice.
Q. Did you see him come? - No, I did not; I see him there.
Q. Did you observe any thing particular after you came into the warehouse? - No.
Q. Do you know any thing about a board? - He went up into the lost to work, and took a board, and he put a board down, a deal twelve feet three inches, with one cut in the middle; he put it down from the lost, and he came down the steps and put it down into the cellar, and I was getting out of bed at the same time, and went across the place to make water, and I said, Elkins, mind you shut the slap up; he said, very well, and I went to bed again.
Q. Where did he put it? - He put it against the lost ladder on the floor, then he went down the cellar, and I don't know what he did there, and I went into bed.


                  Q. 
               


            When did you get up? - About an hour afterwards. I did not see any thing at all of the deal after.
Q. Was it missing? - Yes.
Q. What became of Elkins? - He came in doors just as we were getting up, and then he said he did not like to disturb master, for fear of making us get up.
Q. What did he mean by that? - I really cannot tell you. He was to have done work below, in making a door, and therefore he went up into the lost.
Q. What time did you get up? - About half after six, between six and seven.
Q. Should you know that deal board again if you was to see it? - Yes.
Q. Have you seen it since? - Yes.
Mr. Knapp. So then he brought down a deal from the lost, and put it down into your master's premises, and what became of it you don't know; you went to bed not seeing of it, and when he came back again he was to have done some work, but he did not like to disturb his master.


                  JAMES
                   COMBLEY
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter; the prisoner Elkins worked for me in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; I was in Mr. Webb's shop the time he was taken up.


                  Q. 
               


            What time of that day did you first see him? - About ten minutes past five in the morning, as I was standing at the corner of Little Carter-lane, I see him come round Distaff-lane with a twelve foot three inch deal on his shoulder, with one cut in it edgeways; it was about sixty yards from his master's house where I stood. I had a suspicion of him, I ran to Mr. Webb's house to see if Mr. Webb's shop was open, I saw the door was about an inch open, I ran and followed him; he pitched the deal against the Cock in the Corner, at the court called Cock-court; the mark of the deal was outwards when he first pitched it, and before that I saw the mark on his shoulder; he went into this public house, I imagined to get something to drink; he came out and took the deal on his shoulder, and I walked on this side of the way up the Old-bailey, following him to see where he would go with it; and he went and pitched the deal against Mr. Hayward's door, in Fleet-lane, the middle door, there are three doors to the house; I think it was the middle door, he has three houses made into one I think it is. Seeing him pitch the deal there, I went back to acquaint Mr. Webb, he walked backwards and forwards before Mr. Hayward's door for some time, but the house was not open. I came backMr. Webb, I sent for him to a neighbour's house; it was nine o'clock before Mr. Webb was stirring, and I informed him what I had seen; in consequence of that we went back to Mr. Hayward's, and went to the door where we saw the deal pitched up, and the deal was in the passage of that house, leading to the stairs.
Q. Could you then tell it was the same deal? - Yes, on account of the particular mark.
Q. About what time did you get to Hayward's house? - About five minutes past nine. Mr. Hayward was offering the deal to fell to Mr. Wessell, at the corner of Fleet-lane, in the Old-bailey; Mr. Wessell said it was too thick. Mr. Webb thought he would go and offer to buy it himself; I did not go in; when he came out, he said, that is my deal, I will swear to it. It was Mr. Wessell said, it was too thick; Mr. Hayward said he had got thinner.
Q. After having shewn Mr. 
               
                  Webb
               


             the deal you left him to do the best he could? - I did. I went to fetch a constable, I came back with the constable, and Mr. Webb gave charge of Mr. Hayward to the constable.
Q. Did Hayward say any thing at that time? - Nothing further than that he would go with him. I am positive it is the same deal, it is marked with a stroke on the top with red chalk. The deal is here to be produced.
Herbert. This is the same deal he put down by the ladder.
Mr. Const to Combley. I understand that this deal was put into the passage, and not into the house? - It certainly must form part of the dwelling house, because it leads to a pair of stairs.
Q. Do you know of your own knowledge that these premises belong to Mr. Hayward? - It is my belief.
Q. On your oath, do you know of your own knowledge these were Hayward's premises? - I cannot tell indeed.
Q. You past a cart of deals in the Old-bailey? - Yes, they were loading at Mr. Trinder's.
Q. Were there not some such sorts of deal in this cart? - No, his work was prepared work, going to a job, framed doors and partitions that were put into that cart.


                  Q. 
               


            Had you ever seen that deal before? - Not till I see it on Elkins's shoulder, and I see it when it was pitched up in the corner, the Cock in the Corner.
Q. You knew it directly? - I did, it was not out of my sight a moment.


                  JOSEPH
                   WESSELL
               



             sworn.
I am an apothecary and surgeon, in the Old-bailey. The prisoner Hayward sent me word by a messenger he had got some deals to fell. I went to Hayward's house, I saw one in the passage, which, I said, was too thick; it did not suit my purpose.
Q. Was that passage part of Mr. Hayward's premises? - I cannot be positive; I have no doubt of it. When I said it was too thick, he took me into the cellar.
Q. Did you go for the purpose of bargaining with him? - He sent me word that he had got a number of deals for flooring boards.
Q. Did he shew you them intending to have sold you them, if you had liked them? - Yes.
Q. Did you observe this particular deal? - I observed no particular marks in it, it was sawed in two, one cut in it.
Prisoner. I never lived in that house in my days.
Court to Wessell. Did you see Mr. Webb come? - Yes.
Q. Was it the same deal that he shewed you in the passage that he claimed afterwards? - I cannot say that; I left them in the cellar.

Q. Were there any other deals in this passage? - No.
Q. And that he offered you? - He did.


                  ROBERT
                   WEBB
               



             sworn.
Q. Look at that deal. - That is my deal. In consequence of some information I had from Combly I came into Fleet-lane, to Hayward's house; this deal was standing in the passage against the stair case, because there was not height enough for it to stand up, and Mr. Hayward and Mr. Wessell were in the passage, and Mr. Wessell had his rule in his hand, taking the width of the deal.
Q. Was there any other deal there? - No other deal at all.
Q. Was Mr. Wessell there taking measure of it? - Yes; Hayward came from the passage, and went to the next door, and opened the cellar window, and he put up some battens for Mr. Wessell to take measure of them. In consequence of that I went down to the cellar to him; I told him I wanted some thin stuff; I brought them all to the cellar window and examined them, and I was pretty sure they were all my own deals, I put them all up to the window, and then we came out of the cellar, and I asked Hayward whether he had any more? He said, he had no more. He came into the street, and I fetched this deal and laid them all down in the street together; I told him they were all my property, and that I had sent for the man that had brought that very deal to him that very morning; says he, if they are your's don't make a noise with them in the street, come in doors with me, let us go and talk about it, if they are your property you shall take them all away, and I will give you any indemnification whatever, that you shall have no trouble about them, if I would take them away quietly. In consequence of that I went in doors and waited till Mr. Combly came with the constable. He told me that a man had brought them there in order to repair his house, to do odd jobs with them; he said, that the man brought him doors and sashes, and every thing that he usually had.
Prisoner Hayward. Did not I say to you, that when it was brought I was in bed, and I did not know how it came there? - You said no such thing.
Prisoner Hayward. I did; and I told him there were two carpenters in the house.
Mr. Knowlys. What sort of a shop is this? - It is an old iron shop.
Q. What is the value of the deal? - It cost me three shillings and three-pence. Then I secured him, and had him in custody.
Mr. Knapp. When you went to his house the door was open and this deal stood in the passage? - The door wasopen.
Q. And he said they had been brought to him by a man who had left them there that was to do some odd work with them? - Yes.
Q. Did not the prisoner say at the time, that when these deals were brought there he was in bed. Recollect yourself. Might he say so or not? - I am pretty sure he did not.


                  Q. 
               


            Will you take on yourself to swear that he did not say so? - With respect to swearing, I cannot swear that, I do not recollect any such circumstance.
Mr. Knowlys. Did he tell you that they were brought to him by a journeyman carpenter and that he had brought him a great many other things? - Yes.
Court. Have you any doubt of this being your property? - I have not.
Mr. Knapp. I believe you have a partner? - No, I have not.
Prisoner Elkins. I have nothing at all to say, I leave it all to my counsel.
Prisoner Hayward. I have plenty of witnesses that see the board brought in,and can justly and honestly swear that I was in bed.


                  MARY
                   PLACE
               



             sworn.
I live two doors beyond Mr. Hayward's in Fleet-lane.
Q. Do you remember on the 25th of August, any deal boards being brought to Mr. Hayward? - My business calls me up early in a morning; as I was looking out of the window I saw a man pitch a deal against a house; he then seemingly opened a door and put the deal in.
Q. Do you know whether Hayward was in bed at that time? - I imagine he was a-bed.
Court. This spot is in Fleet-lane? - Yes.
Q. You see a man come and pitch a deal board against a house, what house? - I don't know.
Q. How long have lived there? - Six years.
Q. Whose house was it? - There were three doors together, and it was the middle door of the three.
Q. What is the first door? - It was a green shop.
Q. What is the next door? - I cannot say.
Q. What is the third door? - I cannot say.
Q. What are you? - I am a laundress, and I confine myself to my business.
Q. What became of the man when he pitched the deal against the house? - It seemed to me he put his finger on a Latch.
Q. Did he walk back ward and forward by this door? - He stood with his back to it, he opened the door, put the deal in, and stopped a minute or two, and came out, and shut the door after him, and came down the lane, and went down the lane as far as I could see.
Q. Whose house did he go into then? - He knocked twice as he past Mr. Hay- ward's door.
Q. How far was it from the house of Mr. Hayward that he went in? - About three doors.
Q. How many houses has Mr. Hayward there? - I don't know, he keeps an iron shop in one.
Q. Is not that one of the three doors? - No, it is above the iron shop, where the man put the board. Mr. Hayward, after a few minutes, came down and went into this house, and stopped about two or three minutes, and then came back, and opened his own shop, and I went in to my business. That is all I know.
Q. It was a new thing, bringing the things early in the morning there? - Upon my word I cannot undertake to say that; I never saw none brought before.
Q. Never happened to be up? - O, sir, I am up very early, generally at four o'clock.


                  GEORGE
                   SPOON
               



             sworn.
Q. What do you know about this business? - Nothing at all.
Hayward. There are ten tenants live in that same house; I never laid in it in my life, it is a distance off my own house, and I never go into it, only once a week, when I go in to get my rent; there were two carpenters lived there, and I did not know but they might have brought the board in; I knew nothing of it till I was told of it.
John Elkins, 

               GUILTY
            .
James Hayward, GUILTY. (Aged 64.)
Court to Hayward. Justice, though slow, has at last over taken you. This known trick of your's, for the purpose of carrying on this iniquitous business, is too notorious to pass in silence. You have now been found guilty by avery attentive jury, in consequence of that verdict, I must pass that sentence which the law demands, and which you richly merit; you have been the means of bringing many a man to this place; I therefore do not regret that that law has laid hold of you; the law has inflicted a punishment on you, twice as severe as that of the principal, because very likely you have been the means of inticing that man to rob his master; it is no extenuation of him, but it is an aggravation of your offence. The sentence is, that you be




               Transported for fourteen years
            .


                  John
                   Elkins
               



            ,




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
