





694. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TATE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of October
, a linen handkerchief, value 2 s. 9 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
I am in the medical profession
; I was robbed on Monday the 7th of this month, about half past seven in the evening. I was in Cheapside


 walking along, going eastward, and I found this person's hand in my pocket, which I held there in my pocket till I made a gentleman that was walking along with me take it out. On searching my pocket I missed my handkerchief from the same pocket, it had been taken away previous to that, but I did not miss it before.
Q. You never missed your handkerchief till you got his hand in your pocket? - No. I took hold of the prisoner, and I and the other gentleman, and we went into a shop, and he produced another handkerchief and asked me if it was not mine? After coming out of the shop I continued having him in my custody till we came to the corner of King-street, when he 
               
                  drew
               


             a knife andsaid damn me I will do for you. I found the handkerchief in the prisoner's pocket after this circumstance; he was examined first; I can swear to that handkerchief being mine by having two I's. I gave it to one of the officers.
Q. Have you got it here? - No, I have not.
Q. What may be the value of it? - Two shillings and nine-pence.
Prisoner. Did you take the knife out of my hand or out of my pocket? - Out of his pocket.
Court. Did you see whether it was the same knife that he drew upon you? - It was.
Q. Did he cut you? - No, he attempted to cut me, but I jumped on one side.
Prisoner. Ask him whether he took the handkerchief from me? - Yes, I did.


                  PETER
                   LESBY
               



             sworn.
I am a wine merchant; I was present when this gentleman was robbed.
Q. Did you see him robbed? - I did not. Mr. Johnson called to me and said look here, and I saw this man with his hand in his pocket detained there by Mr. Johnson; I was in company with Mr. Johnson at the time; he was afterwards carried down Cheapside at the corner of King-street he pulled out a knife with which he attempted to run at Mr. Johnson; he requested that he would leave holding of him, and that he would walk along peaceably, and then we let go of him.
Q. When he attempted to use this knife had any body hold of him or had they not? - Nobody had hold of him then.
Q. At what part did he attempt? - I did not see that; I see Mr. Johnson run from him.
Court to Johnson. Where was it he attempted to cut you? - He threatened at my breast; he drew his hand and attempted to strike me with it, and I stepped on one side.
Court to Lesby. Was he examined by any body? - No further than I see four handkerchiefs taken out of his pocket.
Q. Who searched him? - I don't know; I saw the handkerchief in Mr. Johnson's hand in the street, and I saw the knife.
Prisoner. I leave myself entirely to the mercy of the court; it is no service speaking any thing.


                  LEWIS
                   DESERMORE
               



             sworn.
I was present when this gentleman was robbed, I was passing; I saw the prisoner's hand in Mr. Johnson's pocket.
Prisoner. As I was going along Cheapside, that gentleman laid hold of me, and said that I picked his pocked of an handkerchief, which I replied to him immediately and told him I had no such thing about me but three handkerchiefs; he insisted on searching me and took me into a pastry cook's shop, and he found these three handkerchiefs, and he told me that neither a one of these handkerchiefs were his; which at the same time the pastry cook was afraid of his things being broke from outside of the door; some of the people brought an handkerchief in which that gentleman owned to be his handkerchief; I never had his in my possession.
The remainder of this Trial in the next Part, which will be published in a few days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON; AND ALSO The Gaol Delivery for the County of Middlesex; HELD AT JUSTICE HALL in the OLD BAILEY, On Wednesday the 11th of September, 1793, and the following Days;
Being the EIGHTH SESSION in the Mayoralty of The Right Hon. Sir 
                  
                     JAMES
                      SANDERSON
                  



               , Knt. 
                  
                     LORD
                      MAYOR
                  



                OF THE CITY OF LONDON.
TAKEN IN SHORT-HAND BY MANOAH SIBLY, PROFESSOR OF SHORT-HAND, No. 35, Goswell-Street, And Published by Authority.
NUMBER VIII. PART II.
LONDON:
Printed and published by 
                  
                     HENRY
                      FENWICK
                  



               , No. 63, Snow Hill.
[PRICE ONE SHILLING and FOUR-PENCE.]

THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
KING's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for the CITY of LONDON, &c.
The Continuation of the Trial of 
                  
                     JOHN
                      TATE
                  



               .

Court to Prosecutor. How many handkerchiefs did you find on him in the shop? - I did not find any in his pocket in the shop at all; I searched him when I saw him on producing the knife; he was not searched in the shop at all.
Q. How came he not to be searched in the shop? - The people of the shop turned him out, they would not let him stay there.
Q. He says that the handkerchief you claimed was brought into the shop, is that true or false? - It was not so; I am sure that the handkerchief I found in the street was mine.
Prisoner. I have no witnesses at all.
Jury to Prosecutor. Did you take the handkerchiefs out of his pocket the corner of Queen-street? - I did, and one of them was what I lost; besides when he was lodged in the Compter he gave in his name, James Johnson.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 39.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
