





253. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH, otherwise 
SARAH 
                     BROWN
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of March
, four guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Levi
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  EDWARD
                   LEVI
               



             sworn. - On the 22d of March, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I was going into Bow-street to buy some eggs; the prisoner laid hold of me in Bow-street


, and put her hands round me, and in quitting of me again, I observed her rather busy with her hands, which led me to suspect she had taken something from me; I put my hand in my pocket, and missed four guineas; Ithen laid hold of her, and demanded my money; I told her if she gave it me by fair means, she should go about her business, and if not, I would take her to a proper place, and have her searched; she refused, and I confined both her hands, and took her across the street to Carpmeal's, and gave her into his custody; and upon his searching her, she dropped the money on the floor.
Q. How long was she with you? - A. Not three minutes.
Q. Had you any conversation? - A. None at all.
Q. She did not speak? - A. Yes; she said something to me, but I did not know what; she seemed to be rather in liquor.
Q. Were you perfectly sober? - A. Yes; I was as sober as I am this minute.
Q. Had you four guineas in your pocket before you met her? - A. Yes.
CARPMEAL sworn. - The last witness brought the prisoner into my house, on the 22d, between ten and eleven o'clock; I went to search her, and I observed her putting her hands towards her pocket, and the four guineas dropped upon the floor. (Produces them).
Prisoner's defence. I met this man in Bow-street; he asked me if he could go home with me; I asked him what he would make me a present of; he said, four guineas; but whether he gave me the four guineas, or whether I took it, I cannot say, for I was very much intoxicated.
GUILTY (Aged 27.)




               Of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
