






142. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ASHWORTH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WEBB
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
 last, two live cocks, value 2 s. and three live hens, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Chapmans
               




            .


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   CHAPMAN
               



             sworn.
I live at Sudbury-green


, a farmer
; on December the 23d, between five and six, I was alarmed with somebody getting into my yard, and taking my fowls; they roost in an out-house which was open; but the gate of the yard was shut; I found only one dead hen, and a dead turkey; one in the yard, the other in the outhouse: about an hour, or an hour and a quarter after, I went into the adjoining shed, where the cows eat; I found five more; I pursued from information; and going along, two people told me the two prisoners were at the Plow at Kelstone-green, about five miles from Sudbury; I found them about nine the same morning, and seven more of my fowls dead, and hung up for shew and sale, at the public house; they were in their feathers; they were my fowls of different colours; they were clipped in the wing; I left one or two feathers higher than the rest, except one cock, which was not clipped; but I can swear to him, because his head was bare.


                  GEORGE
                   HAWKINS
               



             sworn.
I live at Kelstone-green; we took these men with the fowls upon them; there was another man, the man in the scarlet jacket, Ashworth, had them all in a sack; we took them both to the public-house; the prosecutor had them again; the prisoners said nothing about the fowls; that is all I know.
Court. How came you to stop them? - That is all I know.
How came you to stop them? - That is all I know.
Do you mean that you are determined not to say another word? - That is all I know.
Why, friend, you would think I dealt a little hard with you, if I was to commit you to Newgate; why cannot you tell me how you came to stop them? - We saw them with the property on them.
How came you know there were fowls in the sack? - We did not know till we saw.
What induced you to stop them? - They offered to put them in the waggon; and these two men came to me for assistance.


                  JOHN
                   HALEY
               



             sworn.
I was called to assist on information; I called on two more; we followed the prisoners; I saw them both with the propertyon their shoulder by turns; there was a third man, but he did not carry the bag; I followed them about a quarter of a mile in sight; I stopped them at Kelstone-green; Ashworth had the sack then; there were seven fowls in it.


                  WILLIAM
                   SAXBY
               



             sworn.
Deposed to the same as the last witness.
Prisoner Ashworth. The prosecutor said before the justice, that he knew we did not take the fowls.
Prosecutor. I heard that the man that they let go, did own to taking the fowls; they all belong to the first regiment of guards; but I do not know to my own knowledge, that I said a word of that kind.
Prisoner Ashworth. My lord, the prosecutor said, that while he lay in bed, he heard the man that did work for him take the fowls.
Prosecutor. He never worked for me but one day; I had no notion but there might be half a score men; I went into the yard with a weapon in my hand.
PRISONER ASHWORTH's DEFENCE.
I was with the other prisoner at his master's; and coming home a little in liquor, this man followed us with the property; we asked him what he had in the sack? he said it was no business of ours, it was his master's property; and he asked us to help him; we did not know what was in the sack; it was opened, and so I told the gentlemen when they took us.
The prisoner Webb made the same defence.
SERJEANT MUNRO sworn.
These two prisoners belong to Colonel 
               
                  Drummond
               


            's company, the first regiment; Ashworth has been four years; Webb has been twice in the regiment; once he deserted; the prisoner Ashworth is a good soldier; I never heard any complaints.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before the Lord CHIEF BARON.
