





210. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     THOMAS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, sixteen pounds weight of moist sugar, value 12 s. and two paper bags, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Barber
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BARBER
               



             sworn.
My business lies so open to my servants that I cannot miss a small quantity of goods; I went up stairs with the prisoner, and he opened two boxes; there was a third, which he said belonged to another person; I sent for him, and when he came he said the box did not belong to him; I then told the prisoner I would not be trifled with, and I sent for a constable; then he pulled out the key; the box was opened, and I found the six bags; I gave charge of him; he begged for mercy; I desired the constable to search him; he found forty-seven guineas and a half on him.


                  JOHN
                   OTINE
               



             sworn.
I am a beadle and constable, Mr. Barber sent for me: I stopped in the shop till I was called for: I took the money from him, as Mr. Barber has described; I was taking him to the Compter, and he seemed to have a desire to get away. (Corroborates the remaining testimony of Mr. Barber.)
WILLIAM CHAPMAN sworn.
I was in the counting-house of Mr. Barber when he called in the prisoner and taxed him with robbing him, and desired to see the prisoner's boxes; he complied; and Mr. Barber desired me to accompany. (This witness the same as the last.)
JOHN HANDS sworn.
The box was not mine; it was the prisoner's.
(The prisoner called three witnesses, who gave him a good character, one of whom, his brother, had lent him twenty pounds within three months.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Lord KENYON.
