





447. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SIMMONDS
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               she, on the 26th of May
, in the King's highway, in and upon 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Lupton
                        




                     
                  , did make an assault, putting him in fear, and taking from his person nine guineas his property
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   LUPTON
               



             sworn.
I belong to the Anglesea copper mines; I live at Mile-end: On the 27th of May in the morning, I had been at Castle-baynard wharf, which belongs to the Copper Mine Company; I called at Bennet's-hill, and spent the evening at a public-house, the Rose and Bowl; I was there two or three hours in company with two other persons; we had been drinking some porter; I left the house at twelve o'clock, or a little after; I came away alone.
Q. Were you drunk or sober? - A. I was neither the one nor the other, and have had a paralytic stroke, that I can hardly walk.
Q. Are you a married or a single man? - A. A married man; When I came into the Poultry


, I stopped to make water, and two women came up to me, one put her hand in my pocket, and they threw me down; a child of four years old might throw me down; a footman, 
               
                  John
                   O'Kelly
               



            , came up and laid hold of the prisoner, another person came up at the same time, and took charge of the girl, and O'Kelly helped me up, and she was takento the watch-house, she had taken nine guineas from me.
Q. When had you seen it before? - A. About half an hour, at the public-house; I paid one guinea away and had nine left, it was loose in my breeches pocket; I felt her hand in my pocket.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner's hand? - A. I cannot swear it was the prisoner, because I did not know her again.
Q. When you got up, did you see any woman near you? - A. Yes, the prisoner, that is the woman; I missed the money directly as I got up; I charged her with taking it; I cannot recollect now what she said.
Q. Was any of your money found? - A. Yes; in her private parts, I did not see it taken from her.
Q. Was there any of it marked? - A. No.
Q. Is there any one that you can swear to? - A. Not one; there were six guineas found upon her.


                  JOHN
                   O'KELLY
               



             sworn.
I am a footman, I went to call a coach: On the 27th of May, about half past twelve o'clock, as I was going down the Poultry, I saw the prisoner with her hand in the prosecutor's pocket; I did not say any thing to her; I went about six yards further, and called a coach, and turning back I saw Mr. Lupton down, and the prisoner running away.
Q. When her hand was in his pocket, he was not down? - A. No, he was not; as soon as the ran, I said, d-mn your eyes for a bitch, you have been robbing that poor person, and I pursued her, and took her, and called out for assistance, and she was taken to the watch-house.
Q. You are sure that is the woman? - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS
                   HILL
               



             sworn.
I keep the Fountain in Addle-street, Aldermanbury; There are a number of ladies in Court, and if I give my evidence in the way I mean to do, I think it will be indelicate for the ladies to stay to hear it. (The ladies were ordered to withdraw). - On the 27th of last month, about a quarter after one in the morning, I was coming by the Mansion-house, I saw the prosecutor lying, at the distance of about eight or nine yards, on the payement, near Mr. Hale's door, in the Pouhry, and a gentleman's footman expostulating with the prisoner about robbing the man that lay on the payement; she was sitting then on the threshold of Mr. Hale's door; I told him to take the man up, and I would take care of her; she seemed to be cramming something into her private parts, as I supposed, I took hold of her hands, and said, I am sure you have robbed the man and are concealing the property; Mr. Hale', and another man, said, they would take her to the watch-house; I desired them to keep her hands separate; when we came to the watch-house, and she was going to be stripped, I begged her not to expose herself, for the property would be found; she said, she had not got the property; just before her under-petticoat was going to be pulled off, she said, she wanted to speak to me; she said, she had given three guineas to Bet Goodwin; I told her, there were nine, there were six to come; she said, she had not got it; Mr. Hale desired me to search, I accordingly felt the guineas in her private parts; I did not take them out, my fingers were too short; here is a man that did take them out, I saw them taken out, all six; and they were put in a paper, sealed up.


                  FRANCIS
                   ARNOLD
               



             sworn.
I took the six guineas from the prisoner, (producing them sealed up; Mr. Hale, the Common-councilman, produced the seal the paper was sealed with.)


                  SAMUEL
                   HALE
               



             sworn.
I was in the watch-house when the prisoner was there; I saw the property taken from her; I saw the prosecutor at my own door; he was intoxicated, but not drunk.
Q. Was he so intoxicated that he might fall down? - A. I should suppose not; he walked very steady to the watch-house.
ANOTHER WITNESS sworn.
I saw the money taken from her.
Q. Was the prosecutor drunk or sober? - A. I don't think he was very drunk; he was a little merry.
Q. Do you think he knew what he was about? - A. I do; he said he had lost nine guineas.
Prisoner's defence. I lived seven years with a man who has entered on board of ship; he gave me six guineas, I had it in a purse in my hand; when the constable came up I was putting it in my pocket, because I was afraid he would take it from me; it was given me to buy me a few things, because I was in distress; it was not found in any such place; because I am a poor woman, they want to swear my life away.
GUILTY. (Aged 38.)




               Of stealing, but not of the highway robbery
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
