





121. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     FOWLE
                  




               
             was indicted, 


               for wilful and corrupt perjury
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Garrow, and the record of of Radley's conviction read by the clerk of the court.)


                  JOHN
                   DALBY
               



             sworn.
I attended as short hand writer on the trial of 
               
                  John
                   Radley
               



            , I have the notes of that trial; I heard the prisoner examined, but did not attend to her oath; (reads)
"I offered a brilliant diamond for sale to Mr. Hether." (Here Mr. Dalby delivered his notes to the clerk.)
"I know nothing of this, this is not the purse that was taken from me, it is not the same or is it mine; I never had that purse of the prisoner at the bar, I never said at the office that I had that purse of the prisoner at the bar." This was in answer to a question of Mr. Garrow's.
"Who did you receive this purse from? I caution you Mrs. Fowle to tell the truth, as I have witnesses to prove from whom you received it."


                  STEPHEN
                   WAY LAVENDER
               



             sworn.
I have got the leather purse; I sealed it up on the occasion of the last trial, it is the same leather purse to which the prisoner was examined in this court; I heard the oath administered to her; I heard the evidence, she gave the same as Mr. Dalby has stated; I was examined on the occasion; I took the leather purse from the prisoner at the bar in Bow-street, the purse shewn to her in court was the same shewn to her in Bow-street, she was asked of whom she received it; Radley was then under examination who was charged with an highway robbery, she said, she received it of that young fellow, she touched the prisoner Radley with her finger, and said, she received it of him.
Prisoner. I never touched the prisoner at the time.


                  EDWARD
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I was present at Bow-street when that leather purse was produced to the prisoner at the bar, it was the same purse as was shewn her in this court before; she pointed to the young fellow; Mr. Addington said, which young fellow, and ordered her to go and touch him, and she went and touched the prisoner 
               
                  Thomas
                   Radley
               



            .


                  STEPHEN
                   GOODALL
               



             sworn.
I was the coachman who drove Mrs. Fellows home when she was robbed; I attended at Bow street; I saw the prisoner there; I saw the leather purseshewn her, she said, she received it of that fellow, the magistrate asked her what fellow do you mean, she pointed to Radley, after that she put her hand about to him to touch him.
Prisoner. I wish to know who it is indicts me, or where it is committed; I never was sworn till before this honourable court; as to the time I was examined I was overcome with confusion, not sensible of what I said; Sir Sampson Wright had two purses in his hand when he asked me those questions, I was much confused.
Mr. Garrow. She is indicted for what she swore in this court, and Mrs. Fellows prosecutes her.
Court to Hughes. Where there two purses? - There were, one was a silk one.
Jury. Was she sworn before the magistrate? - No, she was committed as a receiver.
Court. When the two purses were taken from her, was the conversation about the leather purse or the silk purse? - Mrs. Fellows described she had been robbed of a leather purse.
Mr. Garrow. Was the question before the magistrate confined to that leather purse described by Mrs. Fellows? - Quite so, the other purse was not at all the question.
The prisoner called one witness to her character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
