





512. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 30th of October
, seven block straps, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Young
                  




               
            .
- GRAY sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Young of Limehouse; on the 30th of October I observed this 
               
                  Thomas
                   Morris
               



             to be on the premisses, at the rigging house; it was about four o'clock in the day, and I saw him take about a couple of block straps and open the window and throw them towards a window, and he opened the window and threw them within side; after that I saw him come out of the rigging house and go round and open the window on the other side, and put his body and reached his body in, and he took out seven block straps and two pieces of rope; and I went and informed, and planted myself again, and saw him come again and take another piece of rope; he took them to a place just by the New Cut, and pulled the grass over them; he worked that day about three hours; he returned, after he hid them, about a quarter before six at night, and put this property into a jacket, and went off, and took them off about thirty yards, and then he was stopped by Hughes; he has the property now.
- HUGHES sworn.
I am a rope-maker; I watched this man, I saw the prisoner with the property, and stopt him; I did not see where he brought it from; he had the things upon his head. (Produced, and deposed to.)


                  JOHN
                   RICHARDS
               



             sworn.
I am foreman to Mr. Young; these are the same ropes as produced at the Justice's; I saw them in the ditch, where they were planted, before taken away by the prisoner; the value is 5 s.
Prisoner. I was in liquor.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


