






211. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     PROSSER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
, a yard of-printed cotton, value 1s. 6d. and four yards of muslinet, value 2s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Josiah 
                     Craig
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am a linen draper, and shopman to Mr. Craig, he is a linen draper
. On the Wednesday the 19th of January, the prisoner came with two other women, between two and three in the afternoon, I see her lay her cloak on this musliner, and when she took her cloak up, she took up this muslinet with it, and put it in her pocket.
Q. Where is your house? - 316, High Holborn


. She was going away with it, I stopped her, and desired to look into her pockets; and she told me she had no pockets on; I desired her to put her cloak back, and I found she had pockets.
Q. Where did you find it at last? - In her pockets; I found the muslinet in one pocket, and this piece of printed cotton in the other; her pockets were put back behind her shoulders, she had two long great pockets; I know the cotton by the pattern, and I know the muslinet by the shop mark; it is Mr. Craig's property.
Prisoner. My sister and I went to this place, to buy a couple of muslin gowns, to the first thing that she bargained for, was a bit of muslin, and a bit of callico to make a petticoat, and she told me when she got change that she would buy them, and pay for them; on that account when I see her paying for the gowns, I took them up and put them into my pocket.
Court to Brown. Did the sister pay for what she had? - Yes, and carried away what she paid for; I believe this to be a very old offender.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave her a character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
