





177. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     NEWLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of April
, one half crown piece, one halfpenny, and four shillings in money numbered, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Harper
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  RICHARD
                   HARPER
               



             swern.
I am a porter
 at Gray's-Inn Coffee-house; about twelve o'clock on Monday night last I was ordered to call a coach at Fullwood's-rents stand; I called a coach, and this person came up to me, she asked me if a gentleman of the name of Mr. Belcher was at our house; I told her he was; she told me he would give her six-pence, for he had always used to do so when he saw her; I went in to let the person know the coach was ready, and letting the gentleman into the coach, she came by my side; as he had another gentleman with him, he would not then talk to her; one of the waiters ordered me to go for a pot of beer to the Coach and Horses; this girl followed all the way, having hold of my arm; she wanted me to treat her; I would not: she stopped till I came back again, and said hold of me again; and just as I came home again, I felt her hand in my pocket; I catched hold of her hand, and opened one of her fingers and thumb, and talked to her about the money again; she gave such a squall, and put the money in her mouth; accordingly I took her to Southampton-buildings, and charged the watch with her; some of the money was found on her at the watch-house, six shillings and sixpence halfpenny; four shillings and a half crown piece, and one halfpenny; I can swear to the half crown and the halfpenny; all this money was found in her mouth.


                  JOHN
                   WINCH
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; the prisoner was brought into the watch-house this night week, and charged with a robbery by this young man of half a guinea and seven shillings, but sixpence was found in Hand-court, coming up to the watch-house, and an halfpenny; the half guinea was not found. I searched the prisoner, and the half crown and the halfpenny dropped upon the floor, and I caught the four shillings in my hand; it all came from her mouth.
(The money produced, and the half crown and halfpenny deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was coming from Lincoln's Inn-fields, and met with a gentleman, who seeing me distressed, gave me half a guinea, and a shilling's worth of brandy and water; coming down Holborn I met with a woman, and we went and changed the half guinea, and I had six shillings and sixpence, and a half-guinea left; after that I met with the prosecutor, and he wanted to go home with me.



                  MARY
                   KIMBER
               



             sworn.
My husband is a blacksmith; last Monday night between nine and ten I met the prisoner, I believe she is a servant.
Do not you know; is not she on the town? - To my knowledge she is not; she lived in Grafton-street with Mr. Shiling an attorney; I met her the corner of Chancery-lane, on Monday night last, about ten; we drank together and she paid, I saw her have a shilling and sixpence and some more silver; I wished her a good night.




               GUILTY, not privily
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
