





281. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Martin 
                        Brookes
                     



                  , he and others of his family being therein, about the hour of seven in the forenoon, on the 2d of May
, and feloniously stealing therein, a woollen cloth great coat, value 5s. 6d. a ditto, value 5s. and a brass candlestick, value 6d. the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Catman
                     



.


                  MARTHA
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I am a neighbour of Mr. Brookes. On the 2d of May, in the morning, about half after seven, I heard the cry of stop thief! I come to my own door, I see a woman; turn out of the gate of Mr. Brookes's house, about ten yards from my own house; the house shuts in with a gate.
Q. How far may this gate be from the house? - I suppose it may be about half a dozen yards.
Q. Look at the prisoner, was she that woman? - Yes, she is.
Q. Did you know her person before? -Never, to my knowledge. I went out to my own door, and by then I got to the corner, where Mr. Brooke's lives, I see her drop the clothes on the ground, two coats, loose. She was going to run through a passage to get away into Hoxton-square, and she was stopped; I cannot say that I see her stopped, but I see the man bringing her back again from where he took her out of this passage.


                  HENRY
                   CATMAN
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you a lodger at 
               
                  Martin
                   Brookes
               



            ? - Yes. No. 9, Hare-court, Aldgersgate-street


.
Q. Were you robbed of any property at any time? - Yes, two coats.
Q. Were you at home at that time? - I was.
Q. Was Mr. Brookes at home and his family? - Yes.
Q. In what manner were you robbed? Did you lose a brass candlestick at any time? - The brass candlestick was knocked off the box, I was not robbed of that, I lost the two coats. I cannot say any thing at all about the thief. I see the two coats about ten minutes before they were lost, before the outcry of thief was called, in my bed room where I slept. I have the first floor there, and I went into the other room to breakfast. I have nothing more to say then to swear to my property.
Mr. Knapp. How many lodgers are there in this house? - Only that family,a man and his wife, and I believe three children.
Q.Does Mr. Brookes live in this house? - Yes, he is the occupier of the house.
Q.Where had you left these coats? -It my room where I sleep. I had locked the door, but left the key in the door.
Q. By way of security? - Yes. I did not expect any body.
Q. Were the lodgers in the house at the time? - I don't know nothing about that, they have a right to conduct themselves as they please.


                  SARAH
                   HEADBURY
               



             sworn.
I was going for my husband's work, when I got about two yards from my own house, I heard the cry of stop thief. I looked back, and the second time I saw this woman in Paul's-alley, just going in out of Hare-court. When I looked about the second time the things laid down at her feet, and I picked them up, two coats. I gave them to Mr. Brookes's lodger, a woman lodger in the house.
Q. What is the woman's name? -Pike.
Q. Should you know the coats again? - No, I believe not, one was blue and the other was another colour, a kind of a drab colour.


                  JONATHAN
                   BROOKES
               



             sworn.
I am a son of Martin Brookes.
Q.Did you see the woman in the house? - No, I did not.
Q.Was the house broke open? - No, the street door was open, and she went up stairs and unlocked the door, and took the property out. I was at work in the house; I heard an alarm of stop thief; I ran down stairs immediately to give my assistance. When I got down stairs the prisoner had got the property in the street, and she dropped the property. I did not see her drop it; the first thing I see, I see her running away when she had dropped the property, running from the house. I pursued her; she ran through a passage in Paul's-alley, which is a throughfare into Jewin street. I stopped her; but she had jumped over some railings.
Q. You had her committed? - Yes.
Q. Did you see the property that she dropped, picked up? - No, I did not see it picked up. I see it in Charlotte Pike's hands; she is not here; one was a great coat, and the other was a close bodied one.
Mr. Knapp. Charlotte Pike is not here? - No, she is not.
Q.You told my lord that the prisoner went up stairs, and that she must have unlocked the door, you did not see her? - I did not.
Q. You are talking what you might suppose on the business; you did not see her drop the things? - I did not.
Q. I thought you did not know so much about the business as you supposed.
Court. You know these coats again that you see in the hands of Pike? -Yes.


                  JOHN
                   DEACON
               



             sworn.
I was the officer that took her. I have brought two coats here. I had them delivered to me. I cannot recollect who put the coats into my hands.
Q. How long was it after the robbery? - It might be the space of ten minutes very possibly, I cannot pretend to say.
Q. Have you kept the coats from that time to this? - Yes.
Q. To Price. Can you say that these are the coats that were dropped by the prisoner? - I believe them to be such.
Q. To Headbury. Were those the coats that you saw at the woman's feet? - The top coat looks very much like the colour, and the other coat was a blue one, I believe them to be the same.

Mr. Knowlys. You don't mean to swear positively to them? - No, I do not.
Q. They might be two other coats of the same colour? - They might; I could not swear to the coats.
Court to Brookes. Are those the coats that you saw in Mrs. Pike's hands? - I will swear they are the coats.
Mr. Knowlys. Mr. Catman lodges in your house. What is Mr. Catman? - In the coal way.
Q. Do you mean to swear to all the property that belongs to Mr. Catman? -Why I think I could, but these I am certainly able to swear to. My father is a taylor.
Catman. They are my property; I paid for them both. I suppose I have wore them above half a year.
Q. How many coats have you in your possession? - I suppose I have got six.
Q. Any of the same colours? - None.
Q. Was any injury done to the house? - Not that I know of.
Q. Are you perfectly sure that you turned that lock? - I am perfectly sure that I did.
Q. Will you swear that, when a person's life depends on it? - I will swear that I turned the key, and left it in the door.
Mr. Knowlys. You see this woman's life depends on the turn of a key? - That is more than I know. I will swear that I turned the key, and I left the key in the door.
Q. Do you always turn the key of that room? - Always.
Q. Has it happened to you to forget it? - I don't know that it has upon my oath. I may have left the key, but however, I have locked it.
Q. Do you always leave the key in when you lock the door? - Not always; but however, I did that morning.
Mr. Knowlys. Where have you been this afternoon waiting? - Here, paying attendance.
Q.Been over at the public house? - Yes.
Q. Been over to the Rose? - Yes; but what does that signify my sentiments are always the same.
Q. You drank nothing? - I don't say so.
Q. How much have you drank in the course of this afternoon? - What is that material?
Q. How much, just for the sake of curiosity? - Am I to answer all your impertinent questions?
Q. I desire to have the question answered.
Court. Have you been drinking or not? - I have been drinking.
Mr. Knowlys. How much have you been drinking? - I never stipulate, I think as you think, that it is strange nonsense.
Q. Now, sir, what liquor have you been drinking at the public house? -What have I been drinking; why sir, I have had some rum and water.
Q. How much? - What is that to you?
Q. Have you been drinking freely, or have you not? - Rather too free, more that I ought to have done.
Court. It is very indecent in you to be getting into liquor, when a woman's life is at stake.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave her a good character, said she was a lace maker, and came out of the west country.




               GUILTY, Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
