





259. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     AUSTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, a pair of gold bracelets, value 20 s. a gold locket, value 20 s. a tortoise-shell snuff box, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Lynam
                        




                     
                  , privily in his shop
            .


                  JOHN
                   LYNAM
               



             sworn.
I am brother to 
               
                  Henry
                   Lynam
               



            , the prosecutor, No. 76, Strand


, a jeweller
; on the 4th of February, on Thursday evening, about eight, the prisoner came into my brother's shop; I shewed him a variety of articles in the shop; he was looking at a fancy article; he did not desire to look at any articles in particular; he was in the shop about half an hour; nobody was there but him and me; nobody was in the parlour adjoining: at the expiration of half an hour, my brother came into the shop; and the prisoner and my brother went into a back room together; I was putting away the articles, and I missed a pair of gold bracelets; and I went to fetch a constable, and took him into the bar to the prisoner and my brother; the constable, Shallard, examined him; and a duplicate of a gold locket was found on him; and I went and took it out from Mr. Parker's Princes-street; this is the gold locket mentioned in the indictment; nothing else was found on him in my presence: I have the gold locket here; I believe it to be the property of my brother, to the best of my recollection; I have been but a very short time in the jewellery business; I cannot swear to it; I think I had seen it in my brother's shop a day or two before.
What did you find of your brother's property on this man? - A pair of gold bracelets was found on him, by the constable; I believe the constable has them: I know they are the property of my brother; they were in the shew-glass in the course of the day: I cannot say I took any particular notice of them: I was not in the shop all the day: nobody belongs to the shop but the apprentice, 
               
                  Henry
                   Green
               



            , and my brother, and myself; one of us kept the shop by turns: the bracelet is valued at twenty shillings; nothing else was found on him, while he was in the shop.
Did you see him do any thing that made you suspect him? - No, I cannot say I observed what he was about.
Had you any suspicion of him? - Yes, I had.
You had kept a pretty sharp eye on him? - No, I did not.
What then, did you mean to give him an opportunity of rifling the shop? - Yes; I had a suspicion of his taking some things: I did not particularly watch him: I went to the side of the counter, to fetch some things, and left the things with him.
Did not you keep your eye upon him? - No, I did not.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. There was one question asked you by the Court, to which you did not give an answer; it is a very important one; upon your oath did you not retire from the place where he was, on purpose that he might have an opportunity of taking something? - Yes, I did.
You said you went for the constable, Shallard; he is an officer, at Bow-street; where did you find him? - At the publick-house, opposite my brother's shop.
Had not you appointed him to be there? - Yes.
So when this young man came in, and was looking at this shew-glass, it was before you invited him to look at the otherarticles; you left him there on purpose that he might have an opportunity to steal something; and you went to fetch an officer on purpose that you might have an opportunity to take him? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   SHALLARD
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner: I was appointed to be there for the purpose, on suspicion that he was coming to rob the shop; I was in waiting just by: I searched him, and found a pair of gloves and a handkerchief, which I put on the table, and Ting shook one of the gloves, and out fell a bracelet; then he shook it again, and out fell another.
Mr. Garrow, Prisoner's Counsel. Had you been consulted as to the manner in which this was to be done; have you explained to anybody what would make this a capital offence? - Oh, no, by no means.


                  THOMAS
                   TING
               



             sworn.
I am an officer. I was with Shallard at the publick-house, in waiting, about half an hour; then he sent for us, and we went into the back parlour; there was the prisoner and Mr. Lynam; and in his glove I shook out two bracelets, one in one finger, and the other in the other.
(The bracelets deposed to.)
Mr. Garrow, to Lynam. Do not you know that your brother appointed the prisoner to come that afternoon? - I sent to the constable about four o'clock: the prisoner came in about eight: the prisoner was there the day before; he said he should be there the night following: my brother did not send for him; he told my brother he should come the next afternoon.
Your brother invited him to come? - No, I do not believe he did.
What are these bracelets worth? - About twenty shillings.
How much of that is for fashion and workmanship? - I cannot say.
They are very grim things; nobody would wear them now? - They are not very fashionable.
What is the gold worth; is it worth five shillings? - No.
They are out of fashion? - Yes.
What would they sell for? - I do not think they would fetch five shillings.
If you was to buy them, you would buy them as old gold? - Yes.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
Mr. Garrow. I have a great many respectable witnesses, but I think it better not to call them; I shall not expose the young man any more.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            .
(Aged 23.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


