






37. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     CATAPODI
                  , otherwise PETER 
BROWN




            , and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BEST
                  , otherwise 
BROWN, otherwise 
CATAPODI




            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of November
, a cotton counterpane, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Finch
                     




                  , in a lodging-room let by contract by him to the said Sarah
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
JOHN FINCH sworn. - I live at No. 8, St. James's-buildings, Rosomon's-street, Clerkenwell


: The woman at the bar took the lodging of me, by the name of Brown; she applied to me for that purpose on the 3d and 4th of October; the first time she came, there was a young woman with her, and an infant that she had in her arms; I agreed with her for the lodging, she represented herself to be a married woman; on the 5th of October, the two prisoners came together, and occupied the lodging, and continued till the 15th of November, when they were taken up by the officers of Bow-street; they were to find their own bed linen, I was to furnish the blankets and the quilt; he went by the name of Brown, I did not know he had any other name.
Q.Did he remain in the lodging with her all this time? - A. Yes; I never knew him sleep out of the house, not be out of the house after ten o'clock; I did not miss any thing till the officers of Bow-street gave me information, and then I missed a cotton counterpane off the bed, worth about eleven shillings, or thereabouts.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. It was the woman prisoner that you let the lodging to? - A. Yes.
Q. I believe you know that the man prisoner is not married to her? - A. I thought they were man and wife at that time; but from what I can find since they are not.
Q. The man prisoner did not come in till two days after the agreement with her? - A. She agreed on the 4th, and came in on the 5th.
Q. Was it the quilt that was upon the bed at the time they hired the lodging, that was stolen? - A. No.
Q. After that, what became of the quilt upon the bed? - A. It had got dirty, was put out to be washed, and a clean one put on.
Q. How long was this after the lodging was let? - A. I cannot say positively.
Q. Which was the best quilt; was the quilt you lent last such as you generally let with your lodgings? - A. The first quilt was; and this I put on occasionally, while the other is washed.
Q. The quilt you lent them was too good to let with the lodgings? - A. No it was not, because the other was better than that; when the first gets dirty we put on the other.
Q. Are you a house-keeper? - A. Yes.
Q. Have you seen the quilt since? - A. Not till I saw it at Bow-street.


                  EDWARD
                   FUGION
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am one of the officers of Bow-street: I have known the prisoner about a year or two, by the name of Catapodi; in consequence of an information, I went to the Peacock, in Maiden-lane, on Wednesday the 15th of November, to apprehend him; I found the prisoner, and a young man, sitting in a back parlour; I went in, and said to the prisoner, what are you doing of here; he said, nothing; I told him I must search him; in searching him I found nothing; but, upon a paper lying upon the table, there was a check upon the cashiers of the Bank, filling up, for five pounds, it was all filled up but signing; I brought him, and the young man, to the office; I went to search his lodging, at the house of Finch, the last witness, I met the woman at the bar, Mrs. Brown, by the way; I asked her where she lived; and she took me to this lodging at Finch's house; under the bed, I found a plate for drafts upon Down, Thornton, and Free, I found it concealed behind some papers; I searched further, and found some more checks, not filled up, upon Down, Thornton, and Company; I observed there was no quilt upon the bed; I asked Mrs. Brown what had become of it; she said, that Mr. Brown had taken it to be washed;I told her I must take her into custody, and she must go with me to Bow-street; I acquainted the prosecutor of the quilt being missing, and took her to Bow-street.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You have known that unfortunate young man a great while? - A. No great while.
Q. You know that he has a wife living? - A. I have heard it.
JOHN TOWNSEND sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I have known Catapodi twelve years, I have always known him by that name; I understood he was married, he used to speak of his wife when he was applying to the Solicitor of the Bank, when I had him in custody before.
Q. Is that his wife? - A. No; that is the wife of a poor man that has been executed, 
               
                  Colin
                   Reculist
               



            .
Mr. Alley. Q. She is not the prisoner's wife? - A. No.


                  JOHN
                   STEVENSON
               



             sworn-I am servant to Mr. Lowe, the pawnbroker, in Clerkenwell, (produces the counterpane); I received it from the woman prisoner at the bar, on the 7th of November.
Finch. This is my counterpane.
Mr. Alley. Have you any mark upon it? - A. No; there is a mark of a hit of wax of my own trade, I am a shoemaker, a bit of wax that got upon it when it laid upon the bed where I worked; there is the mark of the wax upon it now.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. How many years have you had it? - A. About four years.
Catapodi, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Best, 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
