





19. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CUISINIERE
                  , otherwise 
COOK





            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 17th of November
, a pair of linen drawers, value 2s. four linen shirts, value 16s. two muslin neck handkerchiefs, value 3s. five linen pocket handkerchiefs, value 5s. two linen night-caps, value 2s. and five pair of thread socks, value 20d.
             the property of 
               
                  Julia Antoine 
                  du Bue Duserret
               




            .(The Prisoner being a foreigner, a Jury of half foreigners was impanelled, and an interpreter sworn.)
Names of the Jury.


                     James
                      Dodd
                  



               ,


                     John
                      Ungerbickler
                  



               ,


                     William
                      Kelman
                  



               ,


                     John
                      Wilche
                  



               ,


                     John
                      Mutlow
                  



               ,


                     Lewis
                      Saurbrey
                  



               ,


                     Richard
                      Hughes
                  



               ,


                     Robert
                      Harris
                  



               ,


                     John
                      Christian Paull
                  



               ,


                     John
                      George Halentz
                  



               ,


                     John
                      Jackson
                  



               ,


                  Nicholas
                   Schlick
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  JULIA
                   ANTOINE DU BUE
               



             DUFERRET sworn.
Q. What is your name? - A. Antoine du Bue Duferrer; I know the prisoner at the bar; he came every morning to brush my cloaths; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; they were all at the house.
Q. Whether the prisoner had the care of your linen upon any occasion? - A. They were only given him to carry to the washerwoman; I found some duplicates in the room or kitchen where he was to brush my coat, and I accused him with pawning them; I did not tell him immediately that I had found the duplicates; when I told him, he did not say any thing about them; upon finding the duplicates, I looked and perceived I had lost my linen; I caused the prisoner to be apprehended, and made application to the pawnbroker.
Q. Whether you ever gave the prisoner, or any body else, any authority to pawn these articles? - A. Never.
Q. Whether you know any thing more of this business? - A. Nothing.
Cross examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Whether you are a single man? - A. A widower.
Q. Whether any body lodges with you in the same house? - A. No.
Q. How long the prisoner had used to come of a morning to brush your coat? - A. Ever since my arrival in London, two months very near.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before you employed him in this country? - A. No, I did not.
Q. Whether you follow any business in this country? - A. No; I came into this country on private business.
Q. What part have you of the house, or have you the whole of the house? - A. I lodge in the house of Mr. Phillow, No. 8, Edward-street; I have only an apartment, the second floor.
Q. How many other persons lodged in the house? - A. To my knowledge, none.
Q. Who else lived in the house? - A. The master of the house, his sister, and his brother.
Q. The kitchen was occupied by all those persons in the house, as well as yourself? - A. The servant of the house.
Q. They had all access to it? - A. The access in common.
Q. Whether there was a French woman lodged over you in the house? - A. I don't believe it, I believe the servant lies there.
Q. Whether you had any occasion yourself to go to a pawnbroker's shop? - A. Never in my life.
Q. Did you ever employ any person to go to a pawnbroker's on your business? - A. Never in my life.
Q. The prisoner's wife was your washerwoman? - A. Yes.
JEAN 
               
                  BAPTISTE
                   DU BUE
               



             ST OLYMPE sworn. - I am nephew to Mr. Duferret; I came to his house after the duplicates were found; I had noconversation with the prisoner about it till I came to Bow-street; I spoke to him there respecting the duplicates by order of the Justice.
Q. Was what he said taken down in writing or not? - A. I did not see whether any body took it down or not; I was there to interpret for my relation.
Q. Do you know whether the answers he gave to you were taken down in writing by the clerk? - A. I don't know indeed; I saw the clerk writing something.
Q.(To the Prosecutor.) Who has the duplicates that were found in your house? - A. I gave them to the Justice.


                  WILLIAM
                   BAKER
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker in Chandler's-street, Grosvenor-square; the prisoner pledged the property I have here on Thursday, the 17th of November; he asked me to lend him some money, he wanted 15s.; I looked at the things and lent it him without hesitation; whether he told me the name, or I asked him, I don't know; he said the name was Duferret, No. 9, Edward-street, Portman-square. (The things were produced in Court.)
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. He told you he wanted 15s.; he appeared distressed? - A. He stood in the shop some time; he asked me 15s.
Q. He did not give you a false description? - A. No; he said he lived at Mr. Duferret's, Edward-street.
Mr. Duferret. (Looks at the things.) The shirts are marked D. F. they are mine.
Mr. Knapp. Q. What wages did you give the prisoner? - A. Half-a-guinea a month.
Q. Was there any money due to the prisoner at this time? - A. None at all.
Prisoner's defence. I went to the pawnbroker's, and said the things belonged to Mr. Duferret, and he wanted 15s.; I wanted the things to be in but a very few days, and he would take the things again; I gave the name of Mr. Duferret, and where he lived.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 42.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
