





256. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HOLLAND
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of April
 last, divers carpenters' tools, value 17 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Branham
                  




               
             and others.


                  JOHN
                   BRANHAM
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
, I work in Bishopsgate-street, Farrer's-rents


, I lost my tools on the 18th of April, the prisoner worked at the same buildings; he left work at six and we at seven in the evening; we put up our tools in the shop and store-room: we came to work at five in the morning, and they were all gone: I lost all the things mentioned in the indictment, (enumerates them) he left the buildings till the Saturday after; we found all the things by Mitchell meeting the prisoner on the 10th of May in Chiswell-street.


                  THOMAS
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I know no more than the other witness has told you, only I lost the things mentioned in the indictment.
(Enumerates them.)


                  LAWRENCE
                   MITCHELL
               



             sworn.
I work at the same building, and lost the things mentioned in the indictment; (enumerates them) I met the prisoner on the 10th of May in Chiswell-street, and followed him to Beech-lane, and saw the tools with him, and I stopped him.
(A plough produced and deposed to.)


                  WILLIAM
                   BURKE
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter, I work at the same buildings, I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, (enumerates them). I found some of the things at the prisoner's lodgings, in the Borough.
The CONSTABLE sworn.
I found all these tools at the prisoner's lodgings; he told me they were his lodgings.
(The things produced and deposed to by the several prosecutors.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
