





202. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of January
, twenty eight yards of cotton bed furniture, value 3 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Jellico
               




            .


                  RICHARD
                   JELLICO
               



             sworn.
I am an upholsterer
. On Saturday the 26th of January, Mrs. Jellico and I were in the counting house adjoining the shop, between three and four in the afternoon; and I saw the prisoner come into the shop; I supposed him to be a customer, desired Mrs. Jellico to go out at door and see what he wanted; when she went forward I heard a violent screaming, I went into the shop but lost sight of Mrs. Jellico; I went to the door and see her run down London Wall


, and running after the prisoner; I saw the prisoner running down London Wall with the furniture under his arm; she told me that was the man that had taken the furniture out of the shop; on the alarm being given of stop thief, he endeavoured to put it under his coat; and being rather closely pursued he knocked down a girl, and threw the furniture just before her, he pushed her against a step on purpose evidently; I followed and took him, and took up the furniture and gave it to the beadle.
Prisoner. The gentleman says he saw me knock the girl down; I am innocent.
Mrs. JELLICO sworn.
I was in the counting house; I saw the man take the furniture from the table and ran out of the shop, I gave the alarm and ran out, and ran down London Wall after him; I never lost sight of him till he was taken.
Prisoner. If she saw me take the property why did not she stop me at the time? - It was not possible I could; he ran out directly.



                  STEPHEN
                   WALLIN
               



             sworn.
I am beadle of Broad-street ward; I received these goods of Mr. Jellico, in Mr. Jellico's shop, and took charge of the prisoner. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. As I was coming by Bedlam Wall a man came by this man's house, and I heard a cry of stop thief; and I ran after him, the man pushed by me, and the gentleman came and took hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)
Prisoner. I wish to go on board a man of war, it is the first thing I ever did of the kind.
Court. I do not believe it.
Owen. It is not, he has been here before.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
