






481. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of July
, nine live tame geese, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Higgs
                  




               
            , the elder.


                  JOHN
                   HIGGS
               



            , senior, sworn.
I am a farmer
, in the parish of Harrow


: On the 31st of July, my son called me, and told me he believed all the geese were lost, he had been all round the premises, and could not see one; I laid down about ten minutes, and heard somebody in the yard, and I got up, and it was my son, and he had got the prisoner, with nine geese.


                  JOHN
                   HIGGS
               



            , junior, sworn.
I am son of the last witness; on the 30th of July, near twelve o'clock at night, I was alarmed by the barking of the dogs; I got out of bed, and opened the window; I heard the rustling of the geese, as though somebody was trying to catch them; I went and called the man, and desired him to get up; I went down to my father's yard, where the geese used to lay, and I could not find them, and then I went round the back side of the buildings, and coming the back way into the yard again, I found the gate propped open; and then I called to my father, and told him I thought the geese were stole; I listened at the top of the hill, and could not hear any thing, and then I went into my father's orchard, and within twenty yards of the orchard gate, I met the prisoner with a sack at his back; I took him by the collar, and insisted upon searching the sack, which I did; and found it contained nine geese, and I took him down to my father's house.
Q. Do you know them to be your father's geese? - A. They are my father's geese I am sure; for I have seen them every day, and ten times a day; they were left at my father's house with two or three men the rest of the night.
Prisoner's defence. I had been out a harvesting, and coming home late at night I was very much tired, and I laid down in the shed; and this farmer came with a pitch-fork and this bag and took me.
Jury. (To the witness.) Q. Was he making his way from your dwelling? - A. Yes.
Prisoner. I have got a large family.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 39.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
