





385. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     JARMIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 1st of May
, four dollars, value 10s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Teissier
                  




               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys).


                  JOHN
                   JAMES LEJEUNE
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Messrs. Teissier and Co. I know the prisoner at the bar, he lived in Mr. Teissier's service, as an under footman; I missed some money out of my desk, it was Mr. Teissier's property; in consequence of which I marked some dollars, and left twenty-one of them so marked in my desk; on Monday the 1st of May, I left the office a quarter before four, and about twenty minutes before I left the office, I saw that the money was safe, I locked my desk before I went; Mr. Teissier has a master-key that opens the desk; which is left in the office in his desk, in case I should be absent, that any body might get his key, in order to get money; any of the clerks could get to it, for Mr. Teissier's desk is opened in the morning, and the key left in the desk.
Q. Did you leave any body in the office when you went out to dinner? - A. I believe their was, but I don't recollect who it was; I returned to my office a quarter before seven, I opened the desk, and I immediately counted the dollars, and there were out of the twenty-one dollars, only sixteen remaining five were gone; I immediately informed Mr. Teissier; he sent for a constable, 
               
                  John
                   Cox
               



            ; there was an enquiry made after the prisoner, but he was not at home; he returned between seven and eight o'clock; and was ordered into the parlour, where the constable was; Mr. Teissier then ordered the constable to search him, and the constable found some shillings and halfpence, and four dollars, I saw them taken from him.
Q. When those dollars were produced, did he say any thing? - A. He said he had not taken them.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. What are you? - A. I am Mr. Teissier's clerk.
Q. How many clerks does he employ? - A. Six clerks.
Q. If they are wanted to get at any of those desks belonging to Mr. Teissier's the clerks know where to get the key? - A. Yes, they did.
Q. In fact, Mr. Teissier key, after a certain time in the morning, was open to every body in the accompting-house? - A. Yes.
Q. The prisoner was a footman
? - A. He was a footman to open the door; he had nothing to do with the accompting-house.
Q. Have those dollars the impression of his Majesty upon them? - A. Yes; they have all that impression.
Q. Did you leave any body in the office when you went to dinner? - A. I think I left somebody in the office, but I don't know who it was.
Q. When you returned, was the prisoner, at home? - A. He was not.
Q. Did you search his box? - A. No; the constable did.
Q. Any man might have taken dollars out of this desk if they had been so disposed? - A. No doubt of it.
Q. The prisoner denied the charge, and said he did not take any? - A. He did.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Were any dollars taken away, when you went to dinner? - A. No; there were twenty-one.
Mr. Knapp. Q. How long had the prisoner lived in the family? - A. Two or three years.


                  WILLIAM
                   BAGGOTT
               



             sworn. - I am clerk to Mr. Teissier: Between five and six I returned from dinner; the prisoner let me in, there was nobody in the accompting house when I returned.


                  JOHN
                   COX
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: I was sent for on Monday the 1st of May, to Mr. Teissier's; I saw the prisoner at the bar, Mr. Teissier gave me charge of him, and desired me to search him; I searched him, and found these four dollars in his breeches pocket (produces them); they have never been undone since.
Mr. knapp. (To Lejune). Q. You say you marked them? - A. Yes, I did; I put the letter V. upon them, near the impression of the nose ofthe King of Spain. Those are the dollars that I marked.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.


                  WILLIAM
                   WESTON
               



             sworn. - I am a farmer; I live at Athron, in Surrey; I have known the prisoner at the bar fifteen years, I never heard any thing but honesty of him.


                  BENJAMIN
                   WESTON
               



             sworn. - I am brother to the last witness; I have known the prisoner the same time, I never heard any thing amiss of him.
GUILTY.




               Transported for seven years
            .




               The prisoner was recommended to mercy by the Jury on account of his good character
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
