





510. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CHESHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of September
, seventeen yards of woollen cloth, value 2l. 15s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Gibbs
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   BARRETT
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you live with Mr. Gibbs? - Yes.
Q. What is he? - A man mercer
, No. 84, Oxford-street


. On Friday, the 25th of September, between the hours of one and two o'clock in the afternoon, I see asuspicious person, the prisoner, standing near the window; he came and laid hold of the cloth several times, which was outside of the door, between two simicircle windows. I went out, the prisoner stood looking at the window, and he walked off while I was out, and then he came back again, and he did that two or three times; I went away, and when he see an opportunity he took the cloths; I was inside of the shop, looking through the window, and I see the prisoner take the cloths, and put them underneath his arms; on seeing of this I went out, and could have taken him myself if I had not called out stop thief! but I called out stop thief! and he immediately dropped the cloths, and turned up Winslow-street, and he was taken in Adam and Eve-court, but was never out of my sight from his taking away the cloth to his being taken.(Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. I was walking down Oxford-road, and heard them call out stop thief! and went to see what was the matter, and this man came and laid hold of me in Adam and Eve-court.
Prosecutor. I see him take them, and I was not so far from him as I am from this table, when he dropped the cloths.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
