





46. 
               
                  
                     NATHAN 
                     NATHAN
                  , alias 
NATHANNIEL NEWTON





             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of November
, a silk handkerchief, value 1d. a gown, value 2s. 6d. a stannel petticoat, value 3s. a calico petticoat, value 4s. a shift, value 2s. 6d. a pair of stockings, value 2s. an apron, value 1s. 6d. a half-shawl, value 2s. two half-handkerchiefs, value 6d. four caps, value 2s. and two pocket-handkerchiefs, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dowling
               




            , spinster
.



                  MARY
                   DOWLING
               



             sworn. - I live at Mr. Dilly's in the Poultry: On the 16th of last month I lost the articles mentioned in the indictment (repeating them); my mother lost them; I can only speak to the property.


                  JANE
                   DOWLING
               



             sworn. - The last witness is my daughter; I rested upon a window in Cornhill


 with these things, I was going to Mr. Dilly's with them, about a quarter past five o'clock; I had them in two parcels, one under the left arm, and the other under the right; the right arm parcel was taken from me by the prisoner at the bar; when he was taken, he said, his name was 
               
                  Isaac
                   Newton
               



            ; that young man that stands there, took them from me; he was standing there, but I did not suppose he was standing there to rob me; when he snatched it from me I turned round, and saw it was the same person that had been looking at me, and when he was brought back before me, I saw it was him, and the bundle was brought back immediately; it contained the things mentioned in the indictment.(Repeating them).


                  HENRY
                   FOWELL
               



             sworn. - I am a constable: I was coming along Cornhill, I saw this poor woman fainting away, she told me, she was robbed; the bundle was brought back with the prisoner, and they were both delivered to me by Mr. James.
(Produces the property). It was deposed to by the prosecutrix.
Mr. Alley. (To Jane Dowling). Q. Did you not say before the Lord-Mayor, that you did not know whether he was the man or not? - A. No; I was confident he was the man.


                  GEORGE
                   JAMES
               



             sworn. - I was in Cornhill looking for a person I expected to meet; hearing the cry of stop thief, I saw the prisoner run across the road and throw away a bundle, tied in a silk handkerchief; I immediately pursued him, and took him in the Royal Exchange; I did not lose sight of him more than a second; I am confident he is the same person; the bundle was brought back to the old woman before I brought the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence. I was going of an errand to my uncle's, there was a cry of, stop thief, and they took me; I am innocent of the charge, I never did any thing of the kind.
The prisoner called his master, and five other witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 16.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
