





345. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLAYTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of May
, one wooden till, value 2s. 6d. and 3s. 5d. the goods, and monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Argent
               




            .


                  MARY
                   ARGENT
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of the prosecutor, who is a carpenter
 at Mile-end-green


: It is about ten years since I had knowledge of the prisoner; the till was lost between the hours of seven and eight o'clock in the evening, on the 20th of May; we keep a chandler's-shop; I was sitting in a room adjoining the shop and heard the rattling of halfpence, I jumped up, and the prisoner was going out at the door with the till in his hand; I made the alarm of stop thief, and 
               
                  Charles
                   Groves
               



             stopped him; I don't know the sum of money in the till, there was some money dropped out; we had three shillings and five pence back in it, but the money flew out as he run with it.
Prisoner. Q. Am I the person that took it? - A. I did not see him take it from the counter, but I saw him with it in his hand.


                  CHARLES
                   GROVES
               



             sworn. - A stranger stopped the prisoner; I heard the cry of stop thief, and I came up and stopped him; he had the till in his hand, and money in it, halfpence and silver; I went up to him and he flung the till at me, and made his escape through a public-house; I pursued him to the back of the fields, and a stranger coming along stopped him, and I took him back again.
Prisoner. Q. Am I the man you took? - A. That is the man.
Prisoner's defence. I have no more to say.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
