





76. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GILDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of December
, three neck handkerchiefs, value 3s. three pair of breeches, value 3s. a waistcoat, value 6d. two pair of silk stockings, value 10s. and two shirts, value 1l.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Mangnall
               




            .


                  JAMES
                   MANGNALL
               



             sworn. - The prisoner was a servant
 of mine, as footboy. On Tuesday, the 4th of December, I missed some Bank-notes, and a suspicion fell upon the prisoner, who had lived with me but ten days; I took some means on the Wednesday to discover it, without effect; on the Thursday I was determined to search his box, and while he was at dinner, I went up stairs with Mrs. Mangnall, I took a bunch of keys up with me, and unlocked his box; he had two boxes in his bed-room, one in which all his clothes were, and the other was concealed from view in a dark corner of the room, covered over with some papers, and in that box I found all the articles mentioned in the indictment; I immediately desired Mrs. Mangnall to go down stairs, and fetch up one of the clerks, Mr. Green, and, in his presence, I locked up the box again, and put it in the same position as where I found it; I immediately sent for a constable, and while I had sent out for a constable, the prisoner asked me leave to go out to see about some shirts, I believe, or something of that sort; I told him he might go out as soon as he had taken up the tea-kettle; when the constable came, I said to him, now you may go out; he then went up stairs into his bed-room; myself, and the constable, and the clerk, followed him up stairs into his bed-room, and, by the time we had got there, he had removed the box from the dark corner, and placed it upon the open box, and his handkerchief was spread upon his bed; I then desired the constable to seize him and search him; the box was then unlocked, but whether he unlocked it, or whether he gave the constable the key to unlock it, I cannot say; the constable then, in the presence of the prisoner, and of Green and myself, took out of the box all the articles mentioned inthe indictment; I asked the prisoner, article by article, whose they were; says I, whose shirt is that; he said, it was his own, that he had bought it in Field-lane; I asked him whose the small clothes were; he said, they were his own, he had bought them both in Field-lane; the waistcoat I do not know that he did say so; he was then searched and taken to the Compter; I saw him afterwards in the Compter, and asked him where he had got the shirts; he told me he had taken them either out of the drawers, or from the drawers in my bed-room.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Did you not tell him it would be better or worse for him if he confessed, or did not confess? - A. I was aware of the consequence of that, and, to the best of my belief, I said no such thing; the small clothes, which were very old, and I had left off, he said he had taken from the laundry-room, adjoining his bedroom, and he was very sorry he had done so.
Mr. Gurney. Q. You received a very good character with him? - A. It was that character which induced me to take him.
Q. It must have been the character of an honest laid, or else I am sure you would not have been induced to take him? - A. No doubt of it.
- WOODMAN sworn. - I am an officer; I was sent for by Mr. Mangnall to examine the prisoner's box.


                  Q. 
               


            Where did you get the key of his box? - A. I searched him as soon as I came in, and found the key in his waistcoat-pocket; the prisoner opened the box himself, and in the box I found these articles, I have had them ever since, (produces them); he claimed them all to be his own, except the waistcoat, and that I am not clear in; he said, he had bought them in Field-lane.
Mr. Mangnall. These are my property, they have all my initials upon them, except the waistcoat and breeches.
Prisoner's defence. The stockings were not in my box at all; that gentleman brought them out of another room, and said, they were in the box.
Mrs. Mangnall. I was present when all these articles were taken out of the prisoner's box.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 18.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
