





476. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MITCHELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Fuller
                     




                  , on the 16th of August
, a canvas bag, value 1d. three guineas, three half-guineas, two seven-shilling-pieces, and a bank note, value 5l.
             the property of the said John Mitchell.


                  JOHN
                   FULLER
               



             sworn. - I am a cheesemonger and porkman
 in Orange-street, Bloomsbury-square


, I keep a house there, the prisoner is a stranger to me; on Friday, the 16th of August, about ten o'clock in the evening he came in and asked for some Cheshire cheese; I cut him exactly two pounds; he desired I would send it home to No. 35, in Red-lion street, he slung down a guinea to pay for the cheese; I gave him nine shillings in silver and a half-guinea which he put in his pocket; he then asked me if I could give him two seven-shilling-pieces as he wanted one, he gave me the half-guinea back and the silver, I was laying down two seven-shilling-pieces; I had a canvas bag in my hand, and the prisoner made a snatch at the bag, took it out of my hand and ran off with it; the bag contained a five pound note, three guineas, three half-guineas, and two seven-shilling-pieces; I ran out into Red-lion-square, and called out stop thief, and he was stopped in Leigh-street, Red-lion-square, opposite to a butcher's shop.
Q. Did you lose sight of him? - A. Only while he turned the corner; I did not lose sight of him half a moment; when he was stopped he put the bag down and the money, exactly in the same state in which I lost it, into my hand, and said, Mr. Fuller, for God's sake do not prosecute me, there is your property.
Prisoner. Did I give you the money, as you say I did, in the presence of any body else? - A. There were five or six people about him, but they are not here.
Prisoner. Q. In what street was it you received the property back? - A. Leigh-street.


                  BENJAMIN
                   SPRIGGS
               



             sworn. - I am watch-house keeper and night-beadle: On Friday, the 16th of August last, about ten o'clock in the evening, the prisoner was brought to the watch-house, charged by Mr. Fuller with robbing him of a five pound Bank of England note, three guineas, three half-guineas, and two seven-shilling-pieces; he said he had served him with some cheese, and he had put down a guineas to pay for it, and Mr. Fuller gave him change; the charge was given him and he took the bag up a second time, and as he was going to put his hand in it he snatched it from him and run out of the shop with it; I searched him and found upon him ten shillings and six-pence in silver, and a penny and a farthing; when he was brought to the watch-house he had this brown wig on. (Producing it.)
Prisoner's defence. I admit I went in and bought some cheese of Mr. Fuller, I had dealt there for three months before, I lived six doors from him; I was going to Fleet-market to get something for my supper; when I got into Leigh-street I was knocked down, and a parcel of people came round me and took me to the watch-house, and then Mr. Fuller said I had given him the bag back; I never had it at all, there was no charge given against me that night.
Fuller. It is not true, I gave charge of him that evening.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
