





624. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of september
, four ounces of thyme-seeds, value 1s. 3d. seven ounces of lettuce-seeds, value 1s. 9d four ounces of sageseeds, value 2s. three ounces of cucumber-seeds, value 1s. five ounces of marjorum-seeds, value 3s. two ounces of endive-seeds, value 6d. a pound of coriander-seeds, value 2d. two pounds of carrawayseeds, value 9d. three ears of India corn, value 6d. six linen bags, value 2s. and one hundred and twenty paper bags, value 2s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Wrench
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Jacob-George 
                     Wrench
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wrench
                  



               
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys).
JACOB-GEORGE WRENCH sworn. - I am in partnership with Jacob and John Wrench, seedsmen


, in Lower Thames-street; the prisoner was my father's apprentice
, he had lived with us three years before he was bound apprentice, we took him in from Bridge Ward Charity-school; I had an apprentice of the name of Griffiths, he left my service in the second week of September, before his apprenticeship had expired. I cannot say that we missed any property, it is only from information that we know any thing of it; I apprehended the prisoner behind my counter, on Saturday the 7th of October, and in consequence of further information, I sent a constable down to Ware to search the house of Griffiths. I attended the second examination before the Lord-Mayor, when the articles mentioned in this indictment were produced.
Q. Did you, or any person there, make him any promise, or threat, to induce him to confess? - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. Q.Was it not taken in writing? - A. I cannot say; but I believe it was not.(Mr. Knapp objected that the confession before the Lord-Mayor could not be received in evidence, which was over-ruled by the Court.)
Mr. Wrench. I asked him what articles he had taken from our house; and I recollect mentioning thyme, marjorum, or sage; I asked him if he had taken any bags; he said, he had taken half a dozen of half-peck linen bags; and he was afterwards committed.
Q. Do you know the prisoner's hand-writing? - A. Yes.
Q. Look at those letters and papers? - A. They are every one his hand writing. His box was searched in my presence, and in it was found Bank notes and bills to the amount of 70l. three of them were promissory notes, one for 21l. 2s. 6d. the other two for four guineas each; upon a further search we found a roll, containing sixty six guineas.
A Letter read, addressed Jacob Wrench, Esq. Lower Thames-Street, dated Oct. 18.
"Dear Sir,"All I have to expect in this world is your"goodness and mercy, which I hope in God you"will shew me; in fact, I bias myself up with"that hope, from the many favours already re-"ceived from your most beautiful hands To-"morrow I remove to Newgate, at ten o'clock,"when I hope I shall receive the same favours"there, as I have done here. I remain your most"unhappy and unworthy servant,"
               
                  John
                   North
               



            ."
Another Letter read, addressed Messrs. Wrench and Sons, No. 126, Lower Thomas-Street, dated Monday Morning.
"Gentlemen,"I hope your goodness will extend to mercy,"as that is all the hope I have to depend upon,"and will be ever bound to pray for the lenity"shewn me, from your humble servant,"
               
                  John
                   North
               



            .
"
               
                  N.
                   B. 
               



            Will endeavour to find out where Ro"berts is, and who the note is drawn by."
Cross examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Did you not say any thing like this-you know you are before the Magistrate, and it is of no use to conceal any thing? - A. I did not tell him any such thing.
Q. You did not offer him any money, if he would confess? - A. No.
Q. Is there any other person interested in the business, besides those you have named? - A. None.
Q. I take it that it is impossible for you to swear to seeds? - A. Certainly.
Q. When you sell seeds in your shop, do you send them in sacks with marks upon them? - A. Yes; if Mr. Knapp were to order any mark to be put upon the sacks, I should mark "Mr. Knapp" upon it.
Q. If I had happened to be a customer, there would have been nothing strange in finding a sack at my house marked in the same way that other sacks are marked, that are sent to your customers? - A. No.
Q. Had you any dealings with a person of the name of Lee, at Ware? - A. There is an occurrence upon our file of that kind.
Q.With a Mr. 
               
                  George
                   Lee
               



            ? - A. Yes.
Q. Who did that person turn out to be? - A. My apprentice of the name of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Griffiths
               



            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   TOLLY
               



             sworn. - Q. Do you know the prisoner? - A. I do; I went three times to the house of Mr. Robertson, Bell-alley, Coleman-street, by the order of John North.


                  JOHN
                   WATSON
               



             ROBERTSON sworn. - I live in Blue Harp-court, Bell alley, Coleman-street.
Q. Do you know a person of the name of Griffiths? - A. Yes; he lived with Mr. Wrench, and afterwards, at Ware, in Hertfordshire, by the name of Lee; the prisoner has been in the habit of sending me parcels to send with things that I have bought for Griffiths's private use down to Ware, in Hertfordshire. Mrs. Tolley has brought me things from North; I was not in the habit of opening the parcels.
Q. Did you ever receive any letter from the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Q. Tell me if you ever received that letter from him? - A. It seems to correspond with what he has sent me.
Q. Upon your oath have you never conversed with him upon the subject of that letter? - A. I believe it came from North. (It is read).
"Dear Robertson,"You will find at your neighbour's house op"posite you, a parcel left there by me for 
               
                  G.
                   Lee
               



            ,"containing a few paper bags, containing thyme,"marjorum, &c. I knocked at your door but it"was of no use, as you were all at lullaby; so"this poor man, at the noise of knocking so hard,"awoke, and had compassion upon poor me out"in the rain, and so let me go on, sleepy gentle"men, "John North.
"N. B. The parcel, per bearer, only contains"ears of India corn, which I could not find be"fore this morning, so good morning, have you"will find a better day than yesterday was."

Q. Who did you send these parcels to? - A. To Lee.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You never examined the contents of the parcels? - A. No, only the India corn.
Q. You come here in custody now, don't you? - A. Yes.
Q.And you saved yourself from being prosecuted by giving the account that you did? - A. Not that I know of.
Q. Do you not believe now that you should have been tried for this offence, if you had not turned King's evidence? - A. I don't doubt but I might have been tried, but it would have been innocently done. I took the Indian corn down to Ware myself.
Q.In point of fact, had not Lee left a sum of money in your hands for the purchase of different things? - A. He had.
Q.Had you ever made any purchase for him at Mr. Wrench's? - A.None; I had money for the purpose of that and other things.
RICHARD HAZARD sworn. - I am a constable; I went down to Ware, and brought Lee to town in custody; he turned out to be Thomas Griffiths; I searched the house, and brought some things away; we only searched the shop at first, we did not go up stairs. (Produces the properts).
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q.These things were all found at Ware? - A. Yes.
Q. Not in the prisoner's possession? - A. No.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner say how he came by the money that was found? - A. He said he got it by insuring in the lottery.
Mr. Wrench. This parcel of sage seed and this of endive seed have the hand-writing of the prisoner upon them, who was our servant.
Mr. Knapp. Every thing that the prisoner sold would have such sort of memorandums upon them? - A. I never remember an instance of putting a memorandum inside the parcel.
Q. You appear in one instance to have had a customer of the name of Lee, whom you did not know? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. I believe it is regular to mark the parcels outside? - A. Yes.
Q.You would not have dealt with this Lee if you had known who he was? - A.Certainly not; he was a runaway apprentice of mine.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.
Mr. Knapp. (To Mr. Wrench.) Q. How long had the prisoner lived with you? - About six years.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
