





223. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MITCHELL
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 13th of January
, privately from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Jones
                        




                     
                  , widow
, a leather pocket book, value 1s. a bank note, value 200l. another bank note, value 50l. another bank note, value 40l. another bank note, value 20l. two bank notes, value 10l. each, and a bank note, value 5l. her property
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Schoen.


                  MARGARET
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I am a widow, I live at Newington. On the 13th of January I had been to the Bank to receive my dividends; I took two notes from the Bank, one was a forty pounds, and the other was a twenty pounds; I put them in my pocket book with some other notes, one of two hundred pounds, one of fifty pounds, one of twenty and two of ten pounds, and a five pound, two hundred and ninety five pounds I tookout with me, and the sixty pounds I received, made three hundred and fifty-five pounds, I had a little girl along with me.
Q. Did you observe any body at the Bank? - I did not take notice of any person particularly, I desired my little girl to take notice that I put them in my pocket, and that I put them in safe, and I felt my pocket book outside of my gown, after I had put my hand in, and then I was going home, to Newington, to where I live. Before I met with any kind of interruption. I got as far as Gracechurch-street


, there there was some people made a stoppage, two women and a man, and asked something about the Greenwich coach; I was going right straight along, on the right hand from the Bank, not by the Church, the other side.
Q. Did you observe who that man was? - Not particularly, I seemed to want to get on, and one of the women looks over my shoulder, and makes a bit of a laugh at the Greenwich coach, they asked the man what he would have for them four to go to Greenwich? that took my attention off, other people were behind, I cannot say how many, when they moved off one man went with the women, and this man went by himself.
Q. Did you observe who that man was that joined the other women? - I knew he was a broadish man by his back, I only see his back, he was the man that had been behind, that made up the four people; he had a light coloured furtout coat on at that time.
Q. How was his hair? - I really did not notice it, for I was really very much frightened, that very moment the croud moved from me, I missed some weight from my pocket, and I put my hand down and could not feel my pocket book, the croud were then leaving me, and then these four walked off.
Q. How did they get at your pocket? - They took my gown up. I felt the weight from me, that I had lost the weight, and that was the reason that I thought I had lost my pocket book.
Q. Did they walk off pretty fast? - They did.
Q. You had no more croud? - The street was clear in less than a minute, or two minutes, and I went first one way and then another, and I said O! dear, what shall I do, and I went to the coachman, and said, did you see any body rob me? and a captain out of the coach said, I saw that man hustle you, the man who was behind you.
Q. You never saw his face? - I did not, but he was a man of the same size as the prisoner, a stout man, and he walked off immediately.
Mr. Knowlys. Pray had you any money in your pocket besides? - I had received twenty-four pounds, and they gave me a twenty pounds note, and the remainder was made up of cash, gold and silver.
Q. Pray what else had you there besides; ladies pockets are generally pretty full, they say there is no bottom to them? - I think there was two guineas and a half, besides the money I received.
Q. What else had you in your pocket? - What keys I had, I kept in my pocket.
Q. What else had you in your pocket? - I don't know that I had any thing else, I am very careful that I do not lumber my pockets with a parcel of litter.
Q. Had you any thing else in your pocket? - Nothing, except my gloves, or such things.
Q. Pray in what kind of a pocket book was it you put these Bank notes in? - Extremely small thing.
Q. Put nothing in it but bank notes? - There might be another paper in it, because I have missed a promissory note.

Q.So much for the weight in your pocket. Are you sure that you had that pocket book in your pocket at the Bank? - I had.
Q. Was you always sure that you had that pocket book at the Bank? - I am sure I put it into my pocket, and I felt it outside of my pocket, and I found it was in, and I never had any interruption till I got to Gracechurch-street.
Q. You never asked any body whether you left it on the counter in the Bank? - Upon my oath I absolutely put it in my pocket, and I desired my child to see that I put it in safe.
Q. On your oath did you never ask any body whether you left it on the counter in the Bank? - No, I had no occasion to do that.
Q. Do you mean positively to swear that? - I never asked. What I should ask them for?
Q. Did you never ask of any broker? - I never did, upon my oath.
Q. This was pretty early in the receipt of dividends, a good many people there to receive dividends? - There were. I took dividends that were owing me a twelve-month before.
Q. It would have been very easy for any person that was there to have listed up this gown? - But I am sure they did not, because I went out of the place with my pocket book in my pocket; besides there was not many persons in the court, and particularly no croud.
Q.How many people might you meet there? - There was no interruption; there might be one or so.
Q. But there were a number of people there? - There were some, but I met with no interruption.
Q. You never see the prisoner at the bar, till you charged him with this offence? - Not till I knew he was the person.
Q. Was not you in his company three days afterwards, and drinking with him? - I am far from a drinking woman.
Q. Was not you in his company three days afterwards, and drinking with him? - I will tell you how I came to the public house.
Q. Was not you in his company three days afterwards, and drinking with him? - I was in his company for half an hour, but I did not know that he was the person; it was at the Bunch of Grapes, in Bow-street, I did not know that he was the man, or else I would not have drank a glass of wine with him; I dare say he only sent for me on purpose.
Q. Did not you tell him of your loss? - I did, he knew of my loss.
Q. Was this at the public house in Bow-street, where Clarke and Carpmeal were talking of the robbery? - I don't know any of them, I never was in the house before in my life.
Q.Was not Carpmeal one of the officers there? - When I went to Bow-street I asked if I was in time. I had been sent for, they said there were some suspicious people that had been there, and I was to come and see them. They told me to stop a bit, and he would answer me presently, accordingly when the clerk had time, he did, and I had a person along with me, at this time at Bow-street; the clerk says you have not been sent for here; when that was the case I was going home, and I went towards Covent-garden way, and there comes up a man to my relation that was with me, and says, what have you heard any thing more of this affair? and he said yes, he heard something, for he had got partly information who the person was, then this here prisoner came up, and he said I am very sorry for your loss madam, or something to that purpose; the prisoner's acquaintance said to my nephew, come, says he, we will go back and have something to drink together? says I you know I will not go and drink, but we did go; he said you will be very safe, and we went to Carpmeal's house.
Q. How long did you stay drinking with the prisoner? - I did not stop above half an hour, I did not drink above one glass of wine.
Q. And you did not charge him at all with the robbery? - I did not know him, I gave no charge against him, but I believe two days after the people took him.
Q. On your oath did not you see him in the office in the course of the very day that you made the affadavit? - I did not see him till the very day after, when they supcenaed me to come.
Court. As to the man that robbed you, you had not an opportunity of seeing his face at all? - I had not.
Q. Then you was taken to Bow-street by some idle tale of a letter? - It was so.
Q. At that time you had no suspicion of the man being a thief? - No.


                  GEORGE
                   WREN
               



             sworn.
I live at Mr. Price's, No. 18, Grace-church-street; I have the care of the silversmith's shop. On Monday, the 13th of January last, I saw a concourse of people before my master's window, and I saw the prisoner looking in at my master's goods, but by the manner of his looking, I thought he was after no good, then I kept looking at the window, at the prisoner, and I saw him put one foot on the step of the door, which he made a kind of a false slip on one side, as if Mrs. Jones pushed him, when I saw that, I thought my master's windows were in danger, I went to open the door, to desire them to disperse, but as I was opening of the door, I saw them all sheer off; as they were going off, I saw the prisoner standing tip-toe, hanging his head almost over the lady's shoulder.
Q. What became of them? - I don't know, it was not two minutes after, that Mrs. Jones returned crying, and said, that she had missed her property.
Q. How many did he go off with? - There were two women and a man went first.
Q.Had you observed in what situation this man and two women had placed themselves before? - They walked three together, before Mrs. Jones and a little girl, the three were all in company together, and I observed the prisoner was taller than the other two, which were of each side of him.
Mr. Knowlys. You was examined before Mr. justice Staples? do you mean to say that you sware positively to the man? - Certainly.
Q.Now I caution that there are three persons attending here, who were present there? on your oath when an information was read to you, in which it was put down by the clerk, that you was positive to the man, did not you correct that clerk, and say no, I cannot say that? - I certainly was positive he was the man, I never had the least doubt but he was the man.
Q. On your oath did not that pass? - No; to my recollection it did not.
Q. When a man is swearing before a magistrate, he can recollect, and say whether he corrected a person, and said no, I did not swear that so positive. You must recollect either one way or the other? - I might say so the first time.
Q. Now I ask you whether it was not put to you again, and you desired the clerk to correct it? - I remember so far as this, not before justice Staples, but the other justice, Mr. Wills, there was an attorney, Mr. Fletcher there; he says, please your worship, will Mr. Wren positively swear to the man, or does he not? says the justice to me, I would have you examine this paper, and read it over attentively, and think well of it, beforeyou decide; and I did, and I told his worship, I accorded to every thing that was put down.
Q. When a man has said you swear so, and you say no, I did not, that is wrong, you must recollect whether you ever said so or not. Did not you twice say so to the clerk, and twice correct the clerk? - Not to my knowledge.
Q. It is a very important fact? - Certainly it is, I cannot recollect that I did.
Q.Will you swear positively that you did not twice contradict him? - I don't think that I did.
Q. Will you swear that you did not, and I will produce two witnesses to you that will swear you did? - No, I do not like to swear I did not, nor I cannot recollect that I did.
Q. Pray in whose company have you been since? - In the company of Macdonner, this lady's nephew.
Q. Did not he tell you that his aunt was up to any rigg? - I never heard any such expression.
Q. On your oath at the several times that you met him, what did you talk about? - Only to attend to the duty of the business; we never met privately about it.
Q. How many times did you meet? - Not above four times, set aside these days that I have attended here.
Q. Pray what might your conversation be about when you met? - About nothing particular.
Q. What else could you converse about but this business of the robbery? - He never said much about it.
Q. Pray who might be in your company at that time; what do you say to 
               
                  Peter
                   Mayne
               



            , was not he in your company? - Yes.
Q. He is one of the thief takers, is not he? - I believe he is.
Q.Besides this precious gentleman, Mr. Peter Mayne; there was some gentleman that is in prison here for a conspiracy, Mr. Lucas? - Yes.
Q. You was not acquainted with Lucas, nor Mayne? - No.
Q. Not Macdonner before you went to the justice? - No.
Q. Then I should be glad to know what you met about, if it was not to talk about this business.
Q. Can you tell me any one reason, if it was not to regulate your evidence? - 
               
                  Peter
                   Mayne
               



             nor the other did not always meet with us.
Q. Now how long did 
               
                  Peter
                   Mayne
               



             and Mr. Lucas meet with you, how many times were you all four together? - We met altogether at justice Staples, we were obliged to be there; how many times we were altogether I cannot say, we had no meetings on purpose.
Q. Did you ever come and meet with these people, except about this business? - No, it was the case of our meeting, or else I should not have met them.
Mr. Schoen. This information was read over to you? - It was.
Q. Have you any doubt that that is the man? - Not in the least.
Court. When you was examined before the magistrate, had you the least doubt as to his identity? - Not in the least.


                  GEORGE
                   NASH
               



             sworn.
I drive the Greenwich coach, on the day mentioned in the indictment, I was in Gracechurch-street, it was Monday the 13th of January about a quarter after one, there were two women and three or four men who came up and asked for the Camberwell coach first, I said you had better take a ride to Greenwich; they asked what my fare was? I told them fourteen-pence; I think that is the man that stood by the silversmith's shop, I think he is the man but I cannot really swear to him.

Q.You say there were three or four men and two women? - There were, they asked me what time I went off? I told them in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, one of the women said that would not do; in less than two minutes Mrs. Jones cried out she had her pocket picked, this lady was in the midst of the cluster; I think when they dispersed, which was in less than two minutes, they went down Lombard-street
Q. Did they go by the coach? - They did not.
- USUAL sworn.
Q. Do you recollect on the day mentioned in the indictment your being in the coach at Gracechurch-street? - I do.
Q. Did you see the prosecutor there? - I did, I was in the coach about a quarter before one, or somewhere there about that time, and I saw a man come and stood opposite the coach door, I did not hear the question that was asked; just after that I saw Mrs. Jones pass the coach, there was a kind of a mob about the breast of the horses of eight or ten people and a kind of hustle, and the woman was pressed over in that kind of manner with the man's face towards the house, he then clapped his foot on the step on the door and walked off. I asked Mrs. Jones what she had lost, she said she had lost, notes to the value of three hundred and fifty-five pounds. I believe the prisoner to be the man, he appears like the man in the face but I thought the body larger, he had a great coat on, a drab colour.
Mr. Knowlys. Did you see the witness Wren before the magistrate? - Yes.
Q. Did he not at that time say that the person had taken his information wrong for he was not certain of the man? - They asked him if he was positive to him? the answer was, that he thought he was the man, and when they asked him again he said he was positive.
- MACDONNER sworn.
I am nephew to the prosecutrix Mrs. Jones.
Q. I believe in consequence of some intimation she got to go to Bow-street, you went with her? - I did, and I found that intimation was false, I saw Mitchell when we went to Carpmeal's, I don't know that Mitchell said any thing at that time.


                  PETER
                   MAYNE
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner Mitchell, I searched him, but found no notes, nor none in his house; he was described to me as wearing a light coloured great coat, which coat I did not find.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, only that I know nothing at all about this business.


                  JOHN
                   HILL
               



             sworn.
Q. Was you at the magistrate's office when Wren was examined about this business? - Yes, both times
Q. Will you be so good as to tell us what he said relative to this information? - The first time he positively denied swearing to the man, and Mr. Staples thought so lightly of the evidence that he would have taken any body's word for the prisoner's appearance again.
Q.Then you say Wren denied that he would swear to him? - He did, and so he did afterwards.
Q. The second time he was there did he or did he not make an objection to the information? - I don't know that he did till he was asked the question by Mr. Fletcher, when he said, he would not positively swear, but I think he is the man.

Mr. Scboen. What are you? - I am an officer to the Sheriff of Middlesex for fifteen years.
Q. Where do you live? - I live in North East-passage, Wellclose-square.
Q. How long have you known Mr. Mitchell? - I knew him nine or ten years, I know him by levying an execution on him, that is all I know of him.
Q. You did not chuse to be bound for him? - Why should I involve myself.
Q. Though you happened to hear this, Mr. Usual he heard nothing about this, he has contradicted it, he has said no such thing passed? - I believe he will tell you that he could not swear to the man, but I believe this is the man.
Q. What day of the week was this? - I cannot tell.
Q. How long ago might it be? - Three weeks ago.
Q. You cannot tell the day of the week? - I cannot.
Q. How came you at the office that day? - I had a warrant to execute upon an officer that belonged to that office, and one day the magistrate put the prisoner into my custody instead of sending him to gaol, and so I went with him again the next day.
Q. How came you here to day? - I came to hear the trial and to be ready if I was called upon.
Court. Did he describe. what he had seen of the man? - He said he had seen him by his master's own door.
Court. And that he suspected him and that he had a full view of him by the prisoner looking in at the window at the goods? - Just so.
Q. Then you must be surprised that the man should have a doubt because he had a very fair opportunity of observing him? - I was a little surprised.
Q. Then you attended the second time? - I did so.
Q.Neither of which days you remember? - I do not.
Q. Did you tell the magistrate then the second day this man would not be positive yesterday, but he is positive now? - I never said a word, I was not asked.
Q. But it must strike you very odd that the man should swear so positively to him the next day? - The first day he did not swear to him at all.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with Mitchell? - Nine or ten years. I was formerly employed by his attorney not by him, but I saw him several times, before the business was disposed of, and I have seen him repeatedly since and drank with him.
Q. First of all you scarcely knew him, and now you say you have seen him repeatedly since and drank with him, this is something more then serving a writ on him? - It is very true, it is.
JOHM FLETCHER sworn.
Q. Was you at Mr. Staples's at the time that Wren was examined? - I was, I was clerk to Mr. Staples's office five years formerly.
Q. Did this man swear positively to this Mitchell or not? - The first time he did not swear any thing like it, and the Evidence was so slight that Mr. Staples would have taken any body's word for his appearance. This was the first time, it was said by the lady's Nephew that Captain 
               
                  Usual
               


             could swear positively to him.
Q. Did you see him at that time? - I did, Wren said it was much like the man; I mentioned it to Mr. Willis, the justice, and remarked these inconsistencies, Mr. Willis asked him several times, he said he was much like the man; at last Mr. Willis rather tired with the examination, bid him read what was wrote deliberately,he did and the justice asked him if the contents was true? he said yes, and then it passed as it was taken down.
Court. Are you clerk there now? - I am not, I am a Notary public.
Q. What was you before, you was a justice's clerk? - I was formerly a clerk.
Q. Then you know it is the custom of the office to return the examinations as they are taken? - It is as far as I know.
Q. Then this examination being read to Wren was altered? - It was not.
Q. Then it stood as originally taken with this doubt upon it? - I believe it stands as originally taken that day, the first examination was not taken.
Q.Therefore with this alteration he would not swear positively to it? - There was no alteration.
Q. Then when it was read over in the presence of the witnesses and they having put down by accident, that he had sworn positively, he objected to that, and would not swear to that extent? - The witness never made this objection, it was me that made the objection.
Q. You know the magistrate read it over to him diffinctly? - The magistrate asked him the question, and he was a long time giving an answer.
Q. Are you in partnership with any body? - No.
Q. You do not practice in the law at all? - No, I am a notary public.
Q. Upon your oath that you have taken, do you understand any other language but English? - No, I do not.




               GUILTY, Of stealing but not privately from the person
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the third London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
