





159. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of January
, an iron eight inch dead lock, value 5s. 9d. an iron padlock, value 3s. 6d. three brass hinges, value 12s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Downer
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  HENRY
                   DOWNER
               



             sworn.
I am an ironmonger
, No. 153, Fleet-street


, I was robbed on Saturday the 18th day of January.
Q. What time of the day? - I don't know, I was at home the principal part of the day but I cannot say what time of the day the goods were missed; Pullen, the broker, who stopped the prisoner, went down to several ironmongers, and among the rest to me, having seen such in my shop; we had missed the articles.
Q.Do you know that of your own knowledge? - No, but from my servants who are here; we went some days after this with Pullen, to the Borough, and saw the goods in Union Hall.
Q. Did you know those goods that you saw there? - Yes, I did.


                  JOHN
                   PULLEN
               



             sworn.
I am a cabinet-maker.
Q. Are you a constable? - No. The prisoner came to my shop on Monday, the 20th of January last, and brought me these things, and offered them to sale.
Q. What was it the prisoner brought for sale? - He brought two locks, and three hinges, an iron eight inch dead lock, and a padlock; I live in Princess-street, Lambeth, he came into my shop, and he pulled out this padlock, and said will you buy this padlock? I said what do you ask for it, he said eighteen pence, and I knew very well that that padlock must be worth five shillings; then he pulled out this eight inch dead lock, and the fcutcheons, and screws, and two brass hinges; and I said to him my friend, where did you get them? poh, poh, says he, hold your bother, give me five shillings, and let me go about my business, I found him in Chancery-lane, says I, where is the other hinge? he said he would go and fetch it, when he went away for the other hinge he returned and brought me a bed winch, and a common lock, and then I said, my friend, youmust go along with me to Union Hall; says he with all my heart, but what for? says I, I don't think you have come honestly by these things; I took him before a magistrate at Union Hall, and the things were advertized by the magistrate, and I went round to different ironmongers, where I used to deal, to enquire whether they had lost such things? and I got to Mr. Downer's on the Thursday following, I went into Mr. Downer's, and I asked if they had got any hinges of this kind? they said they had, and they brought down one to match it; I then asked if they had lost some? they said they had, and Mr. Downer and servant went with me to Union Hall, and they saw all the things, and they owned to them.
Q. Now the things that you took from the prisoner, have you kept them from that time to this? - I left them with the magistrate at Union Hall.
Q. I hope they were not confounded with the things that were brought from the shop? - No, they were not.
Q. How soon did you recover them? - One of the men of the hall brought them to me again.
Q.Was any mark put on them at the hall? - No.
Q. How do you know them to be the same that were left in the hall? - I can swear they were the things that I had in my possession, I left them with the magistrate on the table, the magistrate took charge of them.


                  RICHARD
                   OUSY
               



             sworn.
I am a shopman to Mr. Downer.
Q. What is Mr. Downer's christian name? - Henry.
Q. Has he any partner? - No. I know these three hinges, they are the property of Mr. Downer, by the private mark that is on them, I missed the three hinges, and the eight inch dead lock; on Saturday, the 18th of January, I opened the paper of those hinges, to few a customer with them; the prisoner at the bar was in the shop, and I left him in the shop; it was about five o'clock in the afternoon, on Saturday, I saw him twice before that day, in the same shop, he came with small locks, to fit little keys with them, afterwards I left him in the shop.
Q. Was any body in the shop when you left him there? - Yes, six or seven people, some of them strangers, and some of them servants, when I returned I missed the locks, and three hinges.
Q. How long was you gone? - About three quarters of an hour.
Q. Had you sold any of these hinges to the prisoner? - Not any of them, they lay on the counter for about three hours, before he came in.
Q. Were they on the counter at the time that he came in? - Yes.
Q. Was he near that counter? - Yes, he was, he had been in the shop about half an hour before I went out, and I left him in the shop.
Q. When you came back did you find him there still? - No, he was gone, I never saw him any more, till I saw him at Union Hall.
Q.How came you to go to Union Hall? - By the broker's calling at our house; he called on the Thursday following.
Q. Where did you first see any of your goods? - At Union Hall.
Q.Was that exactly the quantity missing? - Yes, exactly.
Q. What do you identify, the whole, or only part of them? - The padlock I know to be on the counter that very day, here is our private mark, I had received it of a customer returned; the inch dead lock I had had in my hand before that day, I had four of them on the counter, and I missed this one, which the prisoner took away; I know it by a private mark that is on the bolt, the name (Tarratt)these three hinges were opened in a paper to shew to a customer that evening, and he did not take them; I know the hinges perfectly again, by a certain scratch that was on one of them.
Q. Now the things that you saw who put them into your hands? - Pullen.
Q. Do you think they were the same articles? - I am certain of them, I examined them particularly at Union Hall and they prove to be the same now as then.
Court to Pullen. Did you put into the hands of this man the same as you took from the prisoner? - Yes.
Court to Downer. When was it you was at Union Hall? - I do not recollect the day I was there, I think it was two days after the broker called on me, and informed me that such things were there.
Q. Can you identify them more than your servant has done? - No, I cannot.
Q. What is the value of them? - Upwards of twenty shillings, they cost me more.
Q. How many more have you in this shop? - Three shopmen, and an apprentice.
Q. Are they here? - They are not.
Q.Is it your own mark, or your servants? - I believe it to be the writing of my shopman, not the mark of any man present because this shopman has not lived with me above two months.
Q. To Ousy. Do you know of your own knowledge that your dealer has not sent to any shop besides your's any dead docks of the name of Tarratt on it? - We wrote to him particularly about this, and he sent word back that he had never made any for any man in England besides Mr. Downer, not locks of that size, with the name.
Q. Had you sold any with the name of Tarratt on them? - We had not.
Q. Had not you sold some hinges of this sort? - Yes, some, we had sold three pair, but I had a perfect knowledge of these hinges, I had rubbed one of the joints of them.
Q. As to the padlock you had sold some of them with the private marks on them? - I never have, others in the shop might have done it.
Prisoner. On the 18th of January, I was accused by Mr. Downer and servants in the shop of being in the shop that afternoon which I was at work that morning from seven till six in the evening, in Little St. Martin's-lane, along with Mr. Shaw, the master that I worked with, and I was paid for my time.
Q. Do you know the day of the week? - Saturday.
Jury. Is Mr. Shaw here to prove that you was at work on that day? - No, he is not.




               GUILTY, Of stealing but not privately
            .(Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
