





99 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  SIMONS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of December
, a leather saddle bag, value 4d. a pair of kerseymere breeches, value 1s. a pair of leather slippers, value 6d. three pair of leather shoes, value 2s. three pair of cotton stockings, value 6s. two pair of worsted stockings, value 3s. three flannel waistcoats, value 2s. a kerseymere waistcoat, value 1s. a linen shirt, value 2s. 6d. a razor, value 6d. a shaving box, value 2d. a travelling hair cap, value 1s. and a worsted wig, value 2d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Roger 
                     Ellison
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM HARTLEY sworn.
I am a seaman, belonging to the Enterprize tender: On Tuesday, the 22d of December, as I was carrying some saddle bags belonging to 
               
                  Roger
                   Ellison
               



            , along Fenchurch-street


, between six and seven o'clock in the evening (I had them on my shoulder), I was stopped by Mr. Hales's door by the prisoner, who desired me to go and fetch him a coach, and make what haste I could, and he would give me a shilling for my trouble; he was dressed in mourning, or very dark clothes, which I supposed to be mourning; I turned round, with the portmanteau on my shoulder, to go for a coach; he took hold of the portmanteau, and took it into the shop, and put it on the counter; he had a pair of spectacles on, without glasses, and no hat.
Q. Did you observe there were no glasses in the spectacles, when he first spoke to you? - A. I could not tell in the dark.
Q. How came you to trust the portmanteau with him? - A. I thought he was the proprietor of the shop; there was nobody else in the shop, the door was open a-jar; I went for the coach, and when I came back again, Mr. Hales asked me, in the presence of this man, whether he was my master; I told him no, he was not; then the prisoner asked me if I was not his servant, I told him no, I was not; I asked him if he did not tell me he would give me a shilling, it I fetched him a coach; he said, he did offer me the shilling, and he gave it me, and asked me if I was not his servant again; I then told him no, I was the King's servant.
Q. Did you ever know any thing of the man before; did you ever see him before? - A. Not that I know of.
Q. Was he detained, and sent to prison? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. He undertook to take care of this portmanteau for you till you came back? - A. I don't know whether he did or not; I thought he was the proprietor of the shop; I would not have given it him, if he had not taken it.
Q. When you came back with the coach, he gave you the shilling, as he agreed? - A. Yes.
Q. You pocketed the shilling? - A. Yes.
Q. For what you know, he might have given you the bags again as he proposed? - A. And he might have run away with them.
Q. You know it was put out of his power to return them, by being detained by another person; where did you find the bags when you came back? - A. Behind Mr. Hales's counter.
Q. Then this man could not give them you back, if he had a mind, they were taken from him? - A. Yes, he offered me half a guinea when I came back not to take him into custody.


                  WILLIAM
                   HALES
               



             sworn.
I am a stationer in Fenchurch-street; On the 22d of December, about twenty minutes before seven, I just came down stairs, and sent my shopman up to tea; I went into my counting-house at the back of the shop.
Q. Had you shut the door? - A. The shop-door was shut, having no light; I saw the prisoner at the bar come in with a portmanteau in his hand, and put it on the counter; I saw him take it off the counter, and put it on the ground; at the same time, I saw the sailor run from the door, with the door open; I immediately came forward out of the counting-house, and came up to the Jew, (the prisoner at the bar), and took hold of the portmanteau, he had held of it likewise; I asked him who does this belong to? his reply was, it was his property. I then asked him what was in it? he said, he could not tell, but his servant, that was gone for a coach, would be back in five minutes, and he would tell me what was in it; I thought it had been cut from a hackney coach, or a post-chaise, because I saw the sailor run away. I then told him he should not have it till I sent for a constable; and he should tell me what was in it before he had it, both him and his servant; I instantly called down one of my shopmen, who has been with me fourteen years, and sent him for a constable; and then I calledanother shopman, who has been with me seven years; I wrangled with him about the portmanteau, He wanted to take it away, I said he should not take it away till the constable came, and he told me what was in it; presently after the sailor came, who I suspected was a thief with him; having got the portmanteau in my possession, I brought it round behind the counter; when the sailor arrived with the coach, I asked him if he could tell me what was in the portmanteau? he was very much frightened, and said he could; he began to relate, there were so many shoes, so many pair of stockings, flannel drawers, and shaving things; I then asked him if he was the prisoner's servant? he said no; he then looked round, and said, damn you, I believe you are a thief; I said I thought so too, and had sent for a constable; and if he chose to give charge of him, I would appear as an evidence for him; before he arrived he began abusing me, and bullying me, and said, if I detained him, he would prosecute me with the utmost rigour of the law.
Q. Where was the portmanteau when you first came up to him? - A. He had it on the counter, be brought it further into the shop; when he saw me, he seemed confused; he had a pair of spectacles on and no glasses, he had no hat, he was quite disguised; he looked more like an emigrant priest than any thing else; he offered the sailor half-a-guinea to let him go.
Jury. Q. Did you ever see the sailor before? - A. No, never.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. I think you first thought it was a portmanteau cut from a chaise? - A. Yes.
Q. Then your mind was full of suspicion? - A. Yes.
Q. He brought it afterward further into your shop? - A. Yes; more out of sight, under the shaving-box.
Q. What was your suspicion? - A. From the manner of his coming into my shop, and taking possession of it, neither with my leave, nor by my leave.
Q. In consequence of which, you took the portmanteau, and prevented him having it? - A. Yes.
Q. From that circumstance, you cannot tell whether he would not have given it the man when he returned? - A. I know he wanted to go away with it.
Q. He had hold of one end, and you the other? - A. We both had hold of it.
Q. He used no kind of violence? - A. No; he would have carried it away if I would have let him.
Q. You carried it behind the counter? - A. Yes.
Q. How do you know but he meant to give it the man when he returned? - A. Because he threatened me if I detained him a minute after the man came back again, he would prosecute me with the utmost rigour of the law.
Q. Except for the suspicion you had, how do you know but what he meant to give it the man when he came back? - A. According to the best of my belief he would have taken it away.
Q. When the young man came back, you had it safe behind the counter? - A. Yes.
Q. Was he not prevented from giving it up by your putting it behind the counter; could not he have returned it if he had been so disposed? - A. I know he would have gone away with it if he could.
Q. Do you pay for any part of this prosecution? - A. No.
Q. Have you given any instructions in the business? - A. No.
Q. He offered to send for some tradesmen to give him a character? - A. He gave a false direction.
- HOPE sworn.
I took charge of the prisoner: the bags were delivered to me; I have had them ever since, (produces them).


                  ROGER
                   ELLISON
               



             sworn.
I belong to the Enterprize tender.
Q. Do you know Hartley? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you know these saddle bags? - A. I sent him for them to the White Horse Cellar.
Q. Are they your's? - A. Yes.
Q. The bag and the contents? - A. Yes.
Prisoner's defence. I stand here in an unfortunate situation: I stand charged with an offence, of which I am as innocent as the child unborn; I am subject to sits; I sell in one, and lost my hat, coming by Mr.Hales's door; I was afraid of having another, I was saint; I asked the prosecutor to fetch me a coach; I put his portmanteau in the shop, till he returned; I gave him a shilling; I meant to return the portmanteau, and this man stopped me; I get my living in an honest way.
For the prisoner.


                  JOHN
                   MOSS
               



             sworn.
I am a baker; I have known the prisoner eight years, and always found him very honest in his dealings with me.


                  DANIEL
                   ANCAS
               



             sworn.
I have known the prisoner three or four years; he has behaved very honestly to me; he has bought goods of me, and always paid me very honestly.
ROBERT THACKER sworn.
I am a victualler, in Bedford-bury: I have known the prisoner seven or eight years; he always bore a good character, to the best of my knowledge; he deals in hardware, and carries about tobacco; I have bought tobacco of him.

JOHN WEST sworn.
I am an undertaker: I have known the prisoner six or seven years; he always bore a good character.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 23.)
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERGEANT.




[Transportation. See summary.]


