






269. 
               
                  
                     SOPHIA 
                     WARNER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WALKER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of May
, a quilted stuff petticoat, value 6s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Gibson
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JAMES
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I am an apprentice to Mr. Gibson, a linen-draper
, in Bishopsgate-street


. On Thursday last, the 14th of May, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, these two prisoners came into the shop, and bought some check.
Q.Did you serve them any check? - No, another did. As they were going out, they stopped at a wooden horse, andlooked at some pocket handkerchiefs, and they said they could get as good handkerchiefs as that for ten-pence. The price of them were sixteen-pence, and they stopped there a long time. I was busy with another lady, and the lady after that nodded for me to take particular notice of them. I took particular notice of them; I never took my eyes off from them afterwards. A little time afterwards, I went to the bottom of the shop to take some goods to put in another place, and as I returned up the shop again, I missed something off from this horse, and I said, halloo! and I immediately pursued the prisoners. They were gone out of the shop, and I laid hold of 
               
                  Sophia
                   Warner
               



             by the apron, and asked her where she was going with the coat? She said she had got nothing, and I saw the coat under her apron which she had got. She wished to drop it, but I prevented her, by setting my knee against her's; and I brought her into the shop again with the petticoat underneath her apron, and my fellow apprentice, 
               
                  George
                   Hoppy
               



            , and our porter, saw the petticoat drop from underneath her apron. I held up her petticoat, and suffered the petticoat to drop from her apron.
Q. Did you see it drop from her apron? - Yes, I did.
Q. Have you kept that petticoat ever since? - No, the constable took it with him, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Sapwell
               



            , I have not seen the coat since. The other prisoner held up one of the pocket handkerchiefs in one hand, and she the other in full breadth, before the place where this petticoat hung, while they were at the horse.
Q. This petticoat hung on the horse I suppose? - Yes; and the handkerchiefs touched the petticoat as they hung, they both hung together, and as they were going out of the shop, 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Walker
               



             held out the handkerchief as far as it could reach, so it made a curtain, so that the prisoner could not be seen till she got out of doors. The handkerchiefs were pinned at the top, it was impossible to get them away, and they hung one from the other, from the top to the bottom of the horse. When they were both in the shop together again, Elizabeth Walker said, that she would swear that she see me bring the petticoat, and put it by her sister's side. The value of it is six shillings, the petticoat cost Mr. Gibson nine shillings, but it is rather out of condition.
Mr. Knapp. In the first place your shop is in Bishopsgate street? - Yes.
Q. And your master has a pretty large concern? - Yes.
Q. How many persons may he have in the shop? - A shop man, two apprentices, and a lad that carries out parcels.
Q. Walker came back again to the house? - Yes, she did.
Q. It was Warner you laid hold of? - Yes.
Q. You did not lay hold of Walker? - No, I did not.
Q. She might have gone away if she had chose it? - Yes, she might.
Q. Did she say any thing like this, will you take me? - No, I don't remember.
Q. Do you remember your answering to her, that you believed her to be an honest woman? - No, I said no such thing.
Q. How long was it before Walkes was taken into custody? - The next morning, Mr. Gibson that night was out of town.
Q. Where did you apprehend her? - I was not present.
Court. You detained Warner at the time? - Yes, we detained 
               
                  Warner
               


             that evening.
- BROWN sworn.
Q. Are you a shopman? - No. I went home with some linen shirts that were made.

Q. Look at these two women, see if you see them at the time this transaction happened? - I see them both there when I went into the shop; it was some time before I observed any thing remarkable; I thought they were gone, and when I looked they were standing at the horse, looking at some pocket handkerchiefs, one of them said, that she could get one as good at ten-pence. Then I asked the young man what the price of them were? and he looked across the counter, gave me no answer, and said, there is something gone.
Q. Was that James Turner that you asked? - Yes. He went to the door, and I followed him. for I thought they had got nothing; when I came to the door I heard him ask Warner what she had got? and she said she had got nothing; she said, nothing; he said, you have got a a petticoat, and he turned her gown back, and under her apron there was a petticoat.
Q. Was it a quilted stuff petticoat? - Yes, it was Then he took hold of her petticoats altogether, and brought her into the shop; he let her go then, and the petticoat fell; I see it fall; it lay till the constable was brought; it was not picked up till he picked it up.


                  ALEXANDER
                   MILNE
               



             sworn.
Q. Were you in the shop at the time? - Yes, I was. These women came into my master's shop, between eight and nine, they bought two yards of check, paid me two shillings and four-pence for it.
Q. Who bought the two yards, Warner or Walker? - Warner gave me the money; and as they were going out of the shop they stopped at the horse and looked at some pocket handkerchiefs, which they said they had got as good for ten-pence.
Q. Did Walker say any thing to that at all? - I don't know. A few minutes after that 
               
                  James
                   Turner
               



            , who was behind the counter, he called out, halloo! and ran out of doors and brought in these two and the petticoat dropped from Warner's apron.
Q. Did you see it drop? - Yes.
Q. Who had that petticoat? - Warner had it then.
Q.Who took it up? - The constable.
Mr. Knapp. Warner was the person that bought the check, paid for it, and that the petticoat dropped from? - Yes; and Walker, when the petticoat dropped, said, this fellow brought the petticoat, and put it down by my sister's side.


                  GEORGE
                   HOPPS
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you a servant in that shop? - An apprentice.
Q. Did you see the women come in? - I did.
Q.Did they come together? - They did.
Q. What did you see of the transaction? - I see them purchase two yards of check, at fourteen-pence a yard.
Q.Who purchased the check? - Sophia Warner, to the best of my knowledge. Immediately after, when they had bought the check, they went out of the shop; as soon as they went out of the shop, 
               
                  James
                   Turner
               



             went out after them, and brought Sophia Warner in, with the coat under her apron.
Q. Did you see her drop it? - I did. 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Walker
               



            , when it dropped, said, she would swear that James Turner brought the petticoat out of the shop, and put it under 
               
                  Sophia
                   Warner
               



            's apron. That is all I know of the transaction. I was engaged with customers at the time.


                  THOMAS
                   SAPWELL
               



             sworn.
I produce the petticoat.
Turner. I can swear to its being my master's, and was on the horse at the time she was in the shop.

Q. Does there happen to be any private mark on it? - There was; but I believe it was tore away in getting it from her.
Prisoner Warner. Going out of the door I took the pocket handkerchief in my hand, and my sister said she thought they were no more than ten-pence or a shilling, for she bought the same for the same money; whether I knocked the petticoat off the horse I don't know; and whether I picked it up I can not hardly tell, I was so intoxicated in liquor, and I might carry it to the door to look at it, instead of taking it to the counter.
Prisoner Walker. I am entirely innocent as a child unborn.
Prisoner Warner. My sister is innocent of the whole transaction.
The prisoner Walker called five witnesses who gave her a good character; and Warner four witnesses who gave her also a good character.


                  Sophia
                   Warner
               



            , 


               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 40s.
             (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Elizabeth
                   Walker
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London jury before Mr. RECORDER.
