





249. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CARROL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Clayton 
                           Hand
                        




                     
                  , on the 1st of February
, about nine in the forenoon, the said 
                     
                        Clayton
                         Hand
                     



                   and others of his family being therein, and feloniously stealing five curtains, value 40 s. one vallence, value 3 s. and two window curtains, value 20 s. his property
            .


                  SARAH
                   HAND
               



             sworn.
I went up in the garret, and saw the prisoner there, on the 1st of February, in the front garret, about nine in the morning; the men came to work in the morning, about six: the door opens by a latch with a brass nob: I do not know whether the door was shut or open; the prisoner said he came to look for his brother: he was standing with his back towards me; I saw him in the glass; he was doing nothing: he ran down stairs; and I called stop thief: the bundle was tied up, but whether he had tied it up, I do not know: there is five worsted and cotton curtains, a pair of Manchester curtains, and some vallences; they were all in the drawers, except the Manchester curtains, which were in a chair, loose.


                  JOHN
                   HAND
               



             sworn.
I am son to the last witness: Mrs. Hand called me to bring up a hair broom; as I was going up I heard her cry stop thief, and I stopped the prisoner at the bottom of the stairs, and kept him till the constable came.


                  JOHN
                   COX
               



             swern.
I am constable: I took the prisoner and the things, which I have had in my possession ever since.
(Produced and deposed to by Mrs. Hand.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went up to look for my brother, who worked for Mr. Jones; and the prosecutor came up and cried stop thief, and they took me.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 20 s.
             but not of breaking and entering.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
