






735. 
               
                  
                     ASHER 
                     JACOBS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, a canvas purse, value 1 d. two half crowns, a shilling, a six pence, a counterfeit six-pence, value 1/2 and four copper halfpence, the goods, chattels and monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dando
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            .


                  JOHN
                   DANDO
               



             sworn.
I was robbed the 21st of September in the afternoon, the things were taken out of my jacket pocket unknown to me in Rosemary-lane


, the pocket was inside my jacket; the purse was inside of the pocket.
Q. What was in the purse? - Two half crowns, a shilling, a sixpence, a sixpence that was not passable and some half-pence, I cannot justly tell how many; I had it in my hand not above five minutes before it was taken out of my pocket; I had paid for a pair of stockings that cost me seven-pence in Rosemary-lane.
Q. Had you paid for them in the shop or in the street? - I dropped a halfpenny out of my hand, and the prisoner picked it up and gave it to me, I put the money into my purse.
Q. Was it at that time that you put the purse and money into your pocket? - It was, and I turned myself round and a Mr. Pratt came and told me that I was robbed, and I felt and found my purse was gone, I did not know who had it nor did not know what was become of it; I and Mr. Pratt went up a little alley to see if we could find out who the thief was, but I could not find him, and I did not make any further enquiry that night.
Q. You did not find him in the alley? - I did not; I went home.
Q. Have you had any reason since to suppose that the prisoner has taken your property? - I have no reason at all otherwise than by evidence.
Prisoner. I know no more about it than nothing at all, I never saw the man at all in my life.
Court to Prosecutor. Had you taken observation of him enough to know him again? - He was standing right opposite to me while I was dealing for the stockings; and I dropped a halfpenny out of my hand, and he picked it up.
Q Is there any one time that you can fix that your money was taken from you? - No one time at all, I did not feel the least thing in the world of its going.
Q. What are you? - I am a coal heaver.


                  EDWARD
                   PRATT
               



             sworn.
I was in Rosemary-lane, the time the prosecutor speaks of, I saw the prisoner at the bar follow Mr. Dando, and I saw him turn his jacket and take the purse out of his pocket, and had it in his hand, and then he ran away, I stepped up to the prosecutor and told him his pocket was picked, and told him where the man went, and as soon as we got to a little court we lost him for that night.
Q. What was the colour of the purse? - It was a brown dark canvas bag, dirty.
Q. Do you know what the prosecutor put in this bag when he put in the change? - I do not.
Q. How soon did you see the prisoner after this? - On the Monday following, this was on Saturday night, on Monday we see him again.
Q. How did you know it was the prisoner you see? - I know it was the same person, I had seen him before then a good many times, I have no doubt of his person, none at all.
Q. Was any thing found on him? was he searched? have you any thing more to say about it? - No.

Prisoner. I never saw the man nor none of his money, if people will swear false I cannot help it.
Court. What may the prisoner's business be? - I don't know, I never saw any thing of his trade or occupation.


                  EDWARD
                   HIGGINBOTTOM
               



             sworn.
I am a salesman in Rosemary-lane; on the 21st of last month I saw that young fellow running, he run against me in the lane just at the corner of the court, it was about five o'clock as nigh as I can guess when he ran against me; I saw two men running after him, one said that he was robbed; I know him, he dealt in the lane, I said to him he has gone up that court; I saw him on Monday morning much about the same place between five and six o'clock, rather more to the Minories way, I took him and carried him to the compter, and gave him in charge to an officer.


                  JOHN
                   FENNELL
               



             sworn.
I am the street keeper in Cheapside, the prisoner was brought to the compter and kept there sometime before I was sent for; I found him at the compter.
Q. Was he searched there? - No, not by my seeing.
Court to Higginbottom. Was he searched? - He was not; as I was not an officer I did not think it was proper for me to search him.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing but not privately. (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
