





286. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COOPER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Francis
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the night of the 16th of April
, the said Joseph, and others of his family, being therein, with intent the goods of the said Joseph to steal, and stealing a wooden drawer, value 6d. thirty-six penny-pieces, value 3s. 960 halfpence, value 40s. 120 farthings, value 2s. 6d. and three shillings and sixpence, the property of the said Joseph
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   FRANCIS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph
                   Francis
               



            , baker
, No.97, Upper East-Smithfield


: Last Monday the shop-door was opened at past ten o'clock at night, I was sitting in the parlour behind the shop, and heard a chink of money; it surprized me, I ran as fast as I could into the shop, and saw the shop-door open; I ran behind the counter, and there was the till drawn out of its place, and laid upon the floor, and as I was stooping down to pick it up, the boy at the bar crept from under the counter, and brushed past my clothes.
Q. Are you sure that is the boy? - A. Yes; I cried out, You thief, you thief; he had no shoes on, and he ran to the door, and jumped down three steps; I called watch, thieves, and he jumped almost into the watchman's arms, and he brought him in immediately.
Q. What was in this till? - A. About three pound's worth of halfpence and farthings, and three shillings and sixpence in silver.
Q. Was he near the till when you first saw him? - A. Quite close to it.
Q.How could the boy get there? - A. By opening the door.
Q. When had you last seen the drawer? - A. Not ten minutes before; he saw me serving a person with a quartern loaf, I dare say.
Q. Are you sure no person had been in after that customer went away? - A. Yes; I then went and sat down to my work in the parlour, till I was disturbed by the noise of the rattling of the money.
Q.Had you no servants that might have gone out in the mean time? - A. Every body in the house was in bed but myself, and a little girl about twelve years old, and she was in the room with me all the time.
Q. Who shut the door when the customer wentaway, the customer or you? - A. I did; there is a latch to the door, and a bell upon it.
Q. Are you sure you put down that latch? - A. Yes; I am sure it was latched.
Q. Do you mean to swear that you paid that attention to it, that you can swear the latch was down? - A. Yes; I do; we always do it after every person that comes in after dark; I am sure it was down.
Q. You swear that? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you hear your latch open? - A. No.
Q. Did you hear the door open? - A. No.
Q. It was quite dark at this time? - A. Yes, past ten o'clock.
Q. Where was your husband at this time? - A.in bed. He came down in his shirt when I cried out.
Q. Are you perfectly sure he is the same boy you saw in the shop? - A. I am.
Jury. Q. You say there was a bell at the door? - A. Yes.
Q. Did not you hear the bell go? - A. No. Any body might come in if they opened it gently, without the bell ringing, if they opened it with a steady hand.
Court. Q. Do not you think it more probable that he might have slipped in when the customer went out, than that he should have opened the door? - A. No, he did not come in with the customer.


                  JOHN
                   WOOD
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman of St. John's, Wapping: I was calling the hour of ten, when Mrs. Francis called out, watch, thieves, three times; I came immediately to the door, and the boy came upon his hands and knees till he got to the door, and then he gave a clear jump down the steps almost into my arms, he was not a yard away from me; I took him back to Mrs. Francis, and she said he had taken the till from behind the counter; he did not say any thing to that.
Prisoner's defence. I have been out of work a long time, and my father and mother too; and I had been down to Blackwall to see for some work, and as I was coming home very late, and going as fast as I could, and the watchman caught hold of me; I never was in the shop at all.
GUILTY (Aged 12.)
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
