





329. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GINGER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Harrison
                        




                     
                  , no person being therein, about the hour of five in the afternoon of the 17th of February
 and feloniously stealing therein, three silk gowns, value 3 l. a silk petticoat, value 1 l. a cotton counterpane, value 1 l. two diamond rings set in gold, value 3 l. two silver table spoons, value 1 l. a silver marrow spoon, value 5 s. a silver tea spoon, value 1 s. 6 d. the goods of the said 
                     
                        Ann
                         Harrison
                     



.
Indicted in a second COUNT for burglariously breaking and entering the said dwelling house about the hour of eight in the night, of the same day, and burglariously stealing the same goods.
(The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
MILCHA WILSON sworn.
I was staying with Mrs. Harris in Cross-street, Islington


, as servant till I got a place, her house was robbed on Sunday night the 17th of February; my mistress went out some where either about twelve or one, she went to dine, she returned about nine o'clock, after notice of the house having been broke open.
Q. Was there any body left in the house that day excepting yourself? - No, nobody; I left the house about half an hour after, about one, while I went to Church, and when I came home, I returned about five; I left the house safe; I locked the door, I left nobody in the house.
Q. Was the rest of the house fast? - There was a garret window that any body might get in at; all the rest of the house was safe.
Q. Was the garret window left open? - No.
Q. Did you find the house safe when you returned at five o'clock in the afternoon? - To all appearance it was the same as when I left it,
Q. Did you leave the house again after five o'clock? - I shut the window and made them fast as I thought; I made it fast then for the evening, and I left the house immediately; I think I double locked the street door, but I will not be positive, but I am sure it was locked; it is a spring lock; I cannot be positive whether I turned the key again.
Q. When you left the house was it light or dark out of doors? - It was quite light; I had just come from Church; I returned home again about half past seven or eight o'clock; as soon as I opened the door there was a great deal of linen all laying in the passage, when Isaw the linen lay in the passage I was frightened, I stepped back again and pulled the door to back after me; there was no linen laying about the passage when I left the house for I had locked up that linen; seeing this I went to my mistress and informed her what I had seen; she was lower down at the end of the Cross-street, she sent the servant man of the house where she was at.
Q. Did you then return before your mistress saw the house? - I did; but I did not go in at the first, I stopped at the door till they searched the house; the servant man is not here, he is in Wales now.
Q. Did you see how the house was when you went in? - I observed the cellar door open, I thought the thieves might be in the cellar, therefore I desired the people to go in because I dare not go in.
Q. Tell us how you found the house when you did go in? - The chests of drawers had been broke open and the wardrobe; the wardrobe and the chests of drawers joined together.
Q. How lately before you returned and saw the drawers in this state, had you seen them before? - I had seen them before I went out the first time; it was safe and in a good state then; I locked them up and gave the keys to my mistress before she went out.
Q. Could you at all find how the persons had got into the house? - No, I could not.
Q. Did you examine the windows and doors, and so on? - Them that went in did.
Q. Did you make any observations yourself? - I could not at all in the least.
Q. No marks of violence about the house? - No, none at all.
Q. Do you know what was missing in in the house? - Some particular things.
Q. Will you tell us what articles you missed? - A plated tea pot, two silver spoons, a silver marrow spoon, a silver tea spoon, a counterpane, two diamond rings, a gown, and petticoat, which I had seen, and two gowns, which I had not seen.


                  ANN
                   DOUDLE
               



             sworn.
I live in Church-street, No. 3, Islington, near Mrs. Harrison's, it is this side of the Church-yard, Mrs. Harrison's is the other side; I remember the Sunday when Mrs. Harrison's house was said to be robbed; I saw Mrs. Harrison's house the evening of that day; I saw three men come out of the house, this was about seven o'clock; it was moon light.
Q. Was there any lamps near Mrs. Harrison's house? - Yes, they were lighted at that time; they came out of the front door; I was about three yards from them when they came out.
Q. Was you able to see the faces of the men? - Yes, and one of the three I knew, the last who came out, I knew his name, I had seen him before a great many times.
Q. Did you know him well? - I remember seeing him about the street, and at Parr's Head, the publick house facing Mrs. Harrison's.
Q. Who is that man? - That man, the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Had you full opportunity of seeing his face? - I had; I am sure he is one of the three.
Q. What opportunity had you of seeing his face? - By the light of a lamp the lamp is at the corner of Mrs. Harrison's house.
Q. Do you mean that you saw him coming from the house or saw him come out? - I saw him come out of the street door.
Q. Have you any doubt at all that he is one of the three? - I know he is one of the three.
Court. Were either of these three men stopped, or did you give any alarm? - No.

Q. How soon did the servant maid come home after you saw these men come out? - I don't know; I did not see her come home.
Q. When they came out did they shut the door after them? - Yes, this man pulled the door after him; I thought he put his finger into the key hole and pulled it that way, but I cannot be certain of that.
Q. When did you give any account of this matter? - A servant girl who had lived at Mrs. Harrison's before, came over to me; I had told my mistress, and my mistress told that girl, and Mrs. Harrison came over to me the next day about eleven in the morning, and she asked me if I knew any of them that had done it? - I told her I did; I did not mention his name to her then, but I did before I went to Hatton-garden the next day.
Q. Have you any doubt at all that he is the person? - I know he is the man that I saw come last out, I have no doubt whatever.
Prisoner. I would wish to know what she saw me in? - A frock brown coat, I think he had a dark brown coat, a darker than the one he has on now.
Q. What hat had the man on? - A round hat, I was coming across the way, but if I had not known him before I could not have sworn to him.
ANN HARRISON sworn.
I am a widow
; in consequence of information I received from my servant, I repaired to my house about nine, but I did not dare to go in till some gentlemen went in first; and then I durst not stay all night, I went in and looked at my wardrobe and saw the things turned topsy turvy; I missed a good many things, I left my things safe in the morning after I had dressed for church, the maid locked the drawers and gave me the key; I lost all the things in the indictment; I valued them rather under their value.
Prisoner. I know nothing of the business, no more than a child unborn.


                  FRANCIS
                   AUSTIN
               



             sworn.
I am a master shoem-aker; he worked for me between four and five years, he had left me about a month, when he was taken up I never knew any thing dishonest by him.


                  HENRY
                   HARVEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Crown-street, the bottom of Oxford-road, I have known him two years last Christmas, I never knew any thing of him but a good character since I knew him.


                  ROGER
                   UXTON
               



             sworn.
I am a tanner, I knew him about five years ago, he lodged at my house he bore an extreme good character; I never heard man, woman or child, speak against him.


                  JOHN
                   GIBBS
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker, in St. Ann's-street, Battlebridge, the prisoner worked for me at the time, he was taken up; he went to Islington as soon as he heard of the charge against him; this was Wednesday morning after the robbery was committed, for he thought the accusation was false; because the Monday night after the robbery was committed he was at the public house opposite the robbery, and he heard nothing about it then; we went to the public house exactly opposite the head of old Parr; he went then over to Mrs. Harrison, but he called on Mr. Austin first, and he went with him, he surrendered himself to Mr. Austin that same evening; he is the constable of Islington parish.

Court to Austin. Did the prisoner surrender to you as the other has said? - I met with him at the public house, and told him what I had heard, and he said he thought it was my spite because he left me, I told him he must go over with me to Mrs. Harrison's, and after that I met him at the public house along with his master, and he said he would go before a justice, for he would rather go than not, and I took him down the same evening to justice Blamire's, this was the Wednesday after the Sunday, that the robbery was committed.
Q. Did you challenge him first? - I did, I saw him at Parr's head, he sent for me over, and told me he wanted to speak about this robbery and he wished to go over to Mrs. Harrison's, and I went over with him to Mrs. Harrison's; the prisoner said to her that he was sorry that she should have any suspicion of him, Mrs. Harrison said she did not suspect him nor any body else in particular; then he went back again to the Parr's head, the servant was there at Mrs. Harrison's Mrs. Harrison's servant not Ann Doudle.


                  ELIZABETH
                   STONE
               



             sworn.
Are you any relation of the prisoner? - No, I was along with 
               
                  Ann
                   Doudle
               



             at the time she said she saw Ginger; my grandmother is a midwife, and I was going to chapel to fetch my grandmother, I met this young woman 
               
                  Ann
                   Doudle
               



            , and we came across the road almost facing Mrs. Harrison's door, and we came down the church yard; Mrs. Harrison told me if I did not say that I saw Ginger, I should be the first that was hung; Mrs. Harrison sent for me to her own house, I cannot tell what night it was, it was the night after she came from Hatton Wall.
Q. How came Mrs. Harrison to know you knew any thing about this? - I cannot tell.
Q. Did you appear before the justice? - Once I did.
Q. Did Mrs. Harrison send for you before you appeared before the justice or after? - Before.
Q. You had never spoken of this matter to any body? - I had not except to my mistress, 
               
                  Hannah
                   Broadway
               



            , a laundress.
Q. Did the other young woman take any notice to you that she saw any body come out of the house? - I never saw any body pass but an old gentlewoman, after this.
Court to Doudle. Had you any body in company with you after that? - I was in company with her, but it was after that I saw the man.
Q. How long might you have left her before you saw these men at the door? - About half an hour; I went with a letter for my mistress Mrs Smith, to Mrs. Ormes No. 3, on the Terrace; the first time the lady was not at home, I went home and went out again to know if she was come home; and it was then that I saw the door open.
Q. Did you know the prisoner's name? - Yes.
Q. You had seen him often at the public house? - Yes.
Q. How came you not to tell Mrs. 
               
                  Harrison
               


             the name? - I don't know, I was asked his name; Mrs. Harrison came and asked me if I knew the man; I said yes.
Q. How came you to tell it at the magistrates? - They asked me.
Prisoner. I wish to know whether she knew any body else of the three that came out of the house.
Court to Mrs. Harrison. There is a young woman of the name of Stone that has sworn to a conversation with you; that you told her she must swear to the prisoner? - On my oath I never said so to her, I never was in her company but Imay have seen her; I saw her at the justice's in Hatton Garden but they would not hear her speak.
Court to Stone. Where was it you had this conversation with Mrs. Harrison? - At her own house, she sent for me.
Court to Mrs. Harrison. Did you ever send for this young woman to your house? - I never sent for her, nor did I know there was such a person.
Q. Was she ever in your house having such a conversation as she has deposed? - No, I will take my oath that conversation did not pass.
Q. As to that other young woman Doudle, when was it she told you who it was robbed you? - Tuesday, I believe, I went to her, Sunday evening she said she saw three men come out of the house, and the last was a black hair man that she knew very well, and who worked with a shoe-maker at Islington, he had a brown coat on; I don't know whether she said so much at the first, but she said she knew the man and my young son charged Austin to take him up to Hatton Garden.
Court to Stone. How long have you known the prisoner? - I have not known him long, only by seeing him at the public house; I have seen him once, I don't know how many times I have seen him.
Q. How came the prisoner to bring you here to day? - I do not know I am sure.
Q. Was you any acquaintance with him? - Not at all.
Q. Did he ever come to your house? - No, never, he might know my father and might know where I live.
Q. How happens it that he sent for you to day? - I cannot tell.
Q. When did he first send for you to be a witness; had you a subpoena? - No, Mr. Austin came for me.
Q. Why did Mr. Austin come to you? - No further than I was at the justice's.
Q. How came you before the justice? - Because 
               
                  Mary
                   Doudle
               



             said I was with her.
Q. How came you before the magistrate? - Mr. Austin came for me.
Court to Austin. Was that Stone before the magistrate? - Yes.
Q. Was she any acquaintance of the prisoner's? - Not that I know of.
Q. How came she before the magistrate? - I fetched her, because I met with her mother on Sunday evening and on what the mother told me I thought it was proper she should go before the justice as well as the other.
Jury to Milcha Wilson. Did you see the young woman Stone at Mrs. Harrison's? - I did, on Friday night I think after the robbery was committed.
Q. Was that before or after they had been before the magistrate? - It was after they had been once.
Q. Do you know how she came there? - There was a little girl brought her to our house, I believe my mistress sent for her.
Q. Do you know what passed when she came? - My mistress told her that she was informed that she was with the girl when she saw these men come out of the house, and my mistress said she only desired her to speak the truth and nothing but the truth; and if she saw the man come out she desired her to speak it, if not she did not desire her to speak it; and the girl was very impudent, and I don't think my mistress recollected what she was about, she was confused and very angry.
Q. Did she ever tell her in pointed terms what Stone said she said? - No, she did not; she told her them that took a false oath deserved to be hanged.

Prisoner. I have no other to call but my landlord, and he could not come because his wife is ill.
Gibbs. I called on this landlord and his wife's mother is dead, and his wife is gone into the country and he has nobody to mind his house.




               GUILTY
            .
Of stealing, but not of the burglary.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
