






108. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DOWDELL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEO. 
                     VINNEY
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               making an assault, on the king's highway, on Lydia, the wife
 of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Barnet
                        



                     
                  , on the 8th of December
, and feloniously taking from her person, and against her will, a beaver hat, value 5 s. a hat-band, called a tiffany hat-band, value 6 d. a hair tete, value 10 s. and part of a muslin cap, called a front, value 2 s. the goods of the said 
                     
                        Isaac
                         Barnet
                     



.


                     LYDIA 
                     BARNET
                  



               
             sworn.
Last Wednesday evening we left Crutched-friars, 
               
                  Judith
                   Alexander
               



             and myself, two more young ladies, and a young man; when we got into Prescot-street, Goodman's fields, this lady's daughter and her nephew said they would walk on before, and three continued behind, Mrs. Alexander and her niece, and myself. When we came near Cannon-street, Ratcliff-highway, I saw three men, but I took no notice, having no thought. When we came to Nightingale-lane, which is a coach-standing, Mrs. Alexander's niece's husband was waiting for us; she asked me, if her husband should see me home? I declined it; he was on the opposite side, and then Mrs. Alexander and myself proceeded on towards Shadwell, where I live. I seeing the men behind me not very far, I said to Mrs. Alexander, in our language, I am certain they were bad men, because they had not left us from the time I first saw them, but had not seen their faces. I said to Mrs. Alexander, in Hebrew, I would wish to see these men walk before us; with that we made a stop; they walked on before till they came where there was some girls, and they stopped; and then we walked on again before them. We see a watchman a little way off with a lanthorn on the same side of the way before us; Mrs. Alexander said, you had better walk till we come to the watch, because I am rather afraid; I said, there is no call to be afraid, we are near now on our own spot. I was within forty or fifty yards of my own house. I then said to Mrs. Alexander, I see my own watchman, which I did not, but I thought that they might thenbe frightened, and walk off. With that one of the men rushed through the middle betwixt Mrs. Alexander and me, and made a full stop, and faced me, that I had a proper observation of his person; it was under a lamp, and it was light; I could have seen to have picked up a farthing from the street; I saw his face perfectly well; it was the prisoner with his hair on his shoulders, (
               
                  John
                   Dowdell
               



            ); there were three in company, one stood behind Mrs. Alexander, a tall man, not apprehended yet. I am sure they are the men. Prisoner Dowdell says, What, are you frightened? I said, No, fellow, what do you want? They said, they were not thieves. With that he snatched my hat, and tete and cap from my head. I cried out, Stop thief! I am robbed! Mrs. Alexander cried out, Watchman! but never a one came to our assistance. Dowdell took my hat, and threw it the other two, the cap and tete fell in the mud, Mrs. Alexander picked them up. Nobody pursued the men. I saw Dowdell go down New Gravel-lane; my fright was so great, I did not go after them; the watchmen were close to them, but did not offer to pursue or take them. The prisoners were apprehended on Friday. I had money, but they did not ask me for any; they did not even ask for my hat.


                  JUDITH
                   ALEXANDER
               



             sworn.
Me and Mrs. Barnet left Crutched-friars at half past eleven o'clock; my daughter-in-law and my nephew went before; when we came to Old Gravel-lane, three men came behind us, Mrs. Barnet said, she was afraid. I was very much alarmed, and cannot swear to the prisoners. He pushed his face towards Mrs. Barnet, and instantly snatched off her tete, cap and hat; I picked up the wig and the cap. They did not ask for money, nor speak a bad word.


                  GEORGE
                   FORRESTER
               



             sworn.
I am a headborough of St. Paul's, Shadwell. On Wednesday night a watchman came to the watch-house, and said, Mrs. Barnet, the silversmith
's wife, had been robbed; I went from the watch-house down New Gravel-lane to look for suspicious persons; I found none. On Friday night I was at the Unicorn in Old Gravel-lane about twelve o'clock, and found the two prisoners in custody of two sailors for riotous behaviour. On Monday morning they were examined.
Mrs. Barnet. I saw the prisoners on Monday. The Saturday previous I went to the Virginia Planter; as the men came by the window from the watch-house, I said, Lord God, there are the men! I said they were the men immediately; I am sure they are the men.
Prisoner Vinney. I was in the house at the time drinking, and so was Forrester.
Forrester. It is not so; if he had been in the house, I should have turned him out.


                  THEOPHILUS
                   BUTCHER
               



             sworn.
I am an officer at Shadwell-office. He corroborated Forrester's testimony, and also the circumstance of Mrs. Barnet's saying, Lord God! there are the men that robbed me!


                  John
                   Dowdell
               



            . I have been keeping my bed three weeks; I have been ill, and my illness is now upon me. I can safely swear I was not guilty of this robbery. I never was in this young fellow's company.
Forrester. They are both well acquainted; I have known Dowdell some time.
Jury. Vinney being in company, we presume to be alike guilty?
Court. Certainly so.
Jury to Barnet. Are you positive to Vinney's person? - I am.
Both 


               guilty of stealing, but not violently
            .
(Both aged 19.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. JUSTICE GROSE.





[Transportation. See summary.]


