





285. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BREWEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of February
, in the parish of St. John, Wapping


, eight yards of rope, called head-fast, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Laster
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   ANDERSON
               



             sworn.
I am a wharfinger, and have the care of his barge; he is in the coal way.


                  JOSEPH
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
On the 6th of February last, I was acquainted that the head-fast of the Prosperity barge was gone, by 
               
                  Edward
                   Anderson
               



            : and I was desired by my master, 
               
                  John
                   Ridley
               



            , to go and see whether I could swear to the head-fast; I went, and knew it to be the same which I had affixed to that barge: Mr. Laster keeps this barge for a warehouse, and I have the care of it; it was unreeved the end all out of the noose which we fasten it with: it is worth about three shillings and six-pence, or four shillings.


                  JAMES
                   ASH
               



             sworn.
I am a constable: on the 5th of this month, between eight and nine in theevening, I was at King Edward's stairs; I saw two people coming on shore in a wherry; one of them made a very odd expression, that they had got a shoal; I kept in, and the prisoner came up with the head-fast on his shoulder: I have kept it in my possession ever since; I took the prisoner to the watch-house, and went home and got a lanthorn; and knowing the premises well, I went over, and missed the head-fast from this same Prosperity barge.
(The head-fast produced and deposed to by Brown and Anderson.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I asked two young fellows at Blackwall stairs to give me a cast up, which they did, to King's Head stairs; one of them had this on his shoulders, and asked me if I would carry it up for him.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 15.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
