





50. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CARR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a wooden box, value 1s. three cotton gowns, value 20s. a silk gown, value 4s. three cotton check aprons, value 1s. two muslin aprons, value 1s. two printed bound books, value 2s. a pair of silk stockings, value 1s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 6d. a cotton half shawl, value 6d. a stuff petticoat, value 1s. a muslin petticoat, value 1s. a muslin cloak, value 1s. three linen shifts, value 3s. a calico shift, value 1s. a linen sheet value 1s. and three pillow cases, value 1s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Probert
                  




               
            , Nov.11
.


                  THOMAS
                   KELHAM
               



             sworn.
I am a labouring man, I took this box from Mrs Best's, in Temple-street, over Blackfriars-bridge, at about ten minutes after six, as near as possible, on Wednesday the 11th of Nov. and when I got to Water-lane, Blackfriars


, I pitched it; I had it upon my knot; I was going to carry it to the Bull-and-Mouth; I had got the direction in my pocket; I turned round to shew it to somebody, and while I turned round I lost the box; that is all I know of it; I have lived in the street four years; I wish I had not been so unlucky as to have carried it.


                  MARY
                   ROBINSON
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 13, London-street, Fitzroy-square; the things in the indictment are the property of Mrs. Probert, the wife of John Probert, master at arms on board the Formidable; I had been on a visit with her family in Worcestershire, and when I came to town I went to see her, I saw the porter on Tuesday night, the 10th of November, come for the box; I saw it packed up, and I know the box and the things in it. (It is produced in court.) This is the box; the direction is in her own handwriting.
Kelham. This is the box, I had to carry it from Temple-street.
Q. (To Mrs. Robinson.) All you know is, that that, box is the property of 
               
                  John
                   Probert
               



            ? - A. Yes, I know it by seeing it packed, and by her hand-writing; the things almost all went through my hands to her; they were presents from her family.


                  THOMAS
                   PEPPERCORN
               



             sworn.
I am a butcher, in Newgate-market: I was standing at the Blue-pests on the 11th of Nov. about seven o'clock in the evening, and I saw three men coming up with a box; the prisoner was one; they went in to have a pint of beer, and left one at the door to watch it; the prisoner was one of the three, but I cannot swear that he had the box; I suspected it was stole, and went for a constable; I suppose I was ten minutes before I found one.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner was not the man that stood at the door? - A. No, that was a tall man, in black.


                  GEORGE
                   SAY
               



             sworn.
I keep a public-house, in Newgate-market: On Wednesday the 11th of November, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner at the bar, in company with another man, brought this box into my house.
Q. Do you know which it was that brought it in? - A. No, I was making liquor in the bar; I saw them in the tap-room; they called for a pot of beer; the box was standing before the prisoner, and when I went in he put it under the table, and sat down by the side of it, as if it was to be hid; then there came in a third man and called for a glass of gin; he sat down in the tap-room by himself, in another box; then Mr. Peppercorn came in, and said, he suspected they had got some stolen property; that he had got a constable, and should take charge of them when they came out; the constable came in; the man that came with the prisoner was gone to fetch a coach; the third man came up and drank with the prisoner; then the second man came in and told the prisoner he had done as he desired him; he said, very well, then we will go; he got up and paid me for the porter, and the constable immediately took charge of the box and the prisoner, and the man that came in third, but he was discharged at Guildhall; the man that went for the coach said, he was going to the waggon-office, in Newgate-street, with it, and that he brought it from the Six-Cann'sin Holborn; the constable said, that is enough, if you came from that house, for I know it to be a bad house, and I am convinced it is stolen, and he took him into custody; when the coach came we discharged it.
- WETHERALL sworn.
I am a constable: On Wednesday the 11th of November, in consequence of an information I received from Mr. Peppercorn, I went to the Blue-posts; after standing at the door sometime, I went and had a pint of beer; while I was drinking it the prisoner got up to go away, and dragged this box out from under the table; I immediately told him I did not think it was honestly come by, and I should know the particulars before I let it go there; I then took the prisoner and a man who had been drinking with him, who was in another box, but not being in company with him, he was discharged; the other man came in while I was there, but he did not interfere in any thing; and I could not cleverly d in him; I have had the box in my custody ever since.
Prisoner's defence. I went into this public-house and called for some beer; a man asked me to take care of this box; I staid there till I could not stay any longer, and I thought I would give it into the care of the landlord; I took it from under the table to give it to him, and the constable took me, before I had taken it two yards from under the table.
The prisoner called 
               
                  Francis
                   Ilett
               



            , and 
               
                  Martha
                   Roberts
               



            , who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.




[Transportation. See summary.]


