





300. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CRAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Owen
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of two in the night of the 6th of April
, and burglariously stealing two live hogs, value 7l. the property of the said Samuel
            .


                  SAMUEL
                   OWEN
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher
 in the parish of Hanwell


: I lost two live hogs on the 6th of April, out of my sty adjoining my dwelling-house.
Q. You cannot get to the sty without going through the house? - A. No; I had seen them at eight o'clock on the evening of the 5th; I missed them at eight o'clock the next morning. The outside fence was a hurdle, and they had cut the rope, and took the hurdle away, and enticed the hogs out with some corn. In consequence of information on the road, I traced them to Westminster, where I found them in the possession of the officer.
Q. Did you know them to be your pigs? - A. Yes; I do not know any thing of the prisoner.


                  JAMES
                   BLYTHE
               



             sworn. - On the 6th of April, I had had information that a number of hogs had been lost, and I heard that there were some at a house in Pimlico; I went there with another person, and found the prisoner at work in the house, making spiles for brewers; there was a sty in the garden behind the house, where I found the hogs that Mr. Owen has sworn to; I afterwards found seven hogs in a place under the stairs. I searchedthe house afterwards, and found a pistol and some phosphorus, with some powder and slugs. (Produces them).
Q.Was the pistol loaded? - A. No.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.




               GUILTY of stealing the goods, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
