





749. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WARING
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of September
 last, one cotton counterpane, value 5 s. two cotton night caps, value 2 s. five linen neck handkerchiefs, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Dorothy 
                     Wright
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  DOROTHY
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am a widow. I lost the articles in this indictment on Monday, the 20th of September; between seven and eight in the evening: I last saw them in my dining room, hung up, about an hour before, all but the counterpane, which was on the bed adjoining.


                  ELIZABETH
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
I am chambermaid to Mrs. Wright, at the Four Swans


. I came down stairs and missed the things from the dining room; I took a candle and went up; and found the prisoner; he had a round hat over his face; he came out of the bed room with the bundle under his arm: I was very much frightened, and my candle went out: he run down the gallery stairs, and I cried, stop thief! he went to a door where he was stopped, which I had locked a quarter of an hour before; he came back to the dining room door again, and flung the bundle down within the threshold of the door, and he went down the back stairs: I lost sight of him; I saw him again in five minutes; he was taken off the back stairs by the cook: he was never out of the house: I have no doubt of his person: I picked up the bundle and threw it into a back parlour, where some gentlemen were at supper, and it was brought into the bar to my mistress; I saw the bundle brought out of the bar, and given to Mr. Smith; I saw the contents of the bundle; it contained the things in the indictment.
Mr. Knapp, Prisoner's Counsel. Did you know the prisoner? - No.
Did you know his father? - Yes; but I did not know he had a son; I knew he took care of the horses: he has slept at the inn; but very little in my time; he slept in the boots room, up two pair of stairs, and to get at this room they must go past that room where the transaction happened.


                  ELIZABETH
                   SIMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am the cook. I saw the prisoner in our house: I took him on the third stair of the back stairs; he was coming down stairs: I heard the cry of stop thief! and I went up the front stairs, and the door was locked: I took him into the kitchen: I saw the bundle both in the parlour and in the bar; the chambermaid threw it there; I saw it contained the things in the indictment. The prisoner's father never slept in the house during my time, which is six or eight months.


                  SARAH
                   WATSON
               



             sworn.
I am housemaid. I saw the prisoner in the kitchen; I was just come in as he came down the back stairs: I picked up five lawn neck handkerchiefs when he sat in the kitchen; they were given to Mr. Smith, with the other things in my presence.


                  ROBERT
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am a constable: I took the young man. Mrs. Wright gave me the things from the bar; I have kept them them ever since.
(Produced and deposed to.)
The line was delivered to me with thethings; I asked the prisoner how he came to take the line; he said he ran against the line, and broke it down.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
