






495. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JAMES
               




             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LYCETT
                  




               
             were again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of May
, a seven-shilling-piece, two half-crowns, eight shillings, a ten pound bank note, and two other bank notes of five pounds each
            , the property of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Shackle
               




            .


                  MARY
                   SHACKLE
               



             sworn. - I live near Stepney. On the 12th of May, I had been at my grocer's and coming down Whitechapel-road, the prisoner, Lycett, came up and talked with me about country affairs; and, just as we got to Mile-end turnpike, there was a little red book lay, and he said, we had better go into the public-house, and see what it is; he opened it, and said, here is a pin for lady Spencer, with a receipt; I think it was for one hundred and fifty guineas; and then another man came in, and that was the other prisoner, James; says he, what, was that lady with you when you picked it up, he said; yes; then, says he, she is entitled to half of it: no, says the other, I don't know that; but, says the other, I insist upon it, and she shall have it; then Lycett went, and pretended to take a bill; and, when he came back, he said the gentleman was just gone out; the other said his name was Pratt; I said I had got a son, whose wife was lying-in with the twelfth child; and he said it would be a good thing for me; and I thought he was taking my part, and I thanked him; then Pratt said, have you got any money about you; I said, oh! yes; I happened to have a guinea in my pocket in silver, a seven-shilling-piece, and some half-crowns, and I gave it to him; he then asked me how much more money I had got; says I, I have got about twenty pounds by me, that is to serve me till July, till I receive some more money; so, he said, go and fetch that, and we will go to my house and settle it; I went and fetched him a ten pound and two five pound notes; and, when he had got it, now says he, we will go to my house, and he gave me a direction in the name of Pratt, facing Whitechapel church, an ironmonger; I went there, and found one Mr. Pratt, poor old soul, but I saw it was not the same Mr. Pratt, and then it struck me directly that I was cheated.
Q. Then you have got the pin for your twenty pounds? - A. Yes, (produces it); I am sure the prisoners are the same men; I looked at the pin, and my eyes were rather dim; but I thought it only looked like a bit of Bristol stone.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. Your eyes are rather dim? - A. Yes.
Q.Then you may be mistaken in their persons? - A.No; I know them perfectly, as well as if it was yesterday.
Q.The shops were all open were they not? - A. Yes; I went to get some raisin wine.
Q. You are certain it was the 12th of May? - A. Yes.
Q. That you are sure of? - A. Yes.
Q. The 12th of May was Whitsunday? - A. To the best of my knowledge it was on a Monday.


                  JOHN
                   RAY
               



             sworn. - I apprehended the prisoners: I found upon Lycett this small pocket-book, and upon James this large one, (producing them); I apprehended James first; Lycett went into a public-house; when he saw me following James, he went into the privy; after I had secured them both, I went to the privy, got a light, and found part of a receipt purporting to be a receipt from Lady Spencer; James said he knew the man that had done the trick, but it was not him.
The prisoner, James, called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.
For Lycett.
- LEONARD sworn. - I have known Lycett five or six years, he has bore a very good character; he married a woman with fourteen hundred pounds property; I have put him in possession a great many times, and always found him very honest.
Court. Q. You are a man that is well known - do you mean to say, that you have put Lycett into possession of effects? - A. Yes, a great many times.
Q. Do you not know, that he has been sent abroad by this Court? - A. I believe he was innocent of that, and the people at Bow-street think so too.
Court. But knowing that he had been sent out of the country by this Court, how did you dare to come here to give him a good character; for shame, you disgrace yourself very much.
James, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 44.)
Lycett, GUILTY. (Aged 55.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
