





300. 
               
                  
                     CONRAD 
                     HARRY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of May
, one wooden box for a wig, covered with hair, value 6 d. one clothe's brush, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hamilton
                        



                     
                  , 24 printed books, value 12 s. and two other books value, 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Stanley 
                     Crowther
                  



               
            .


                  STANLEY
                   CROWTHER
               



             sworn.
I lost the books in the indictment out of a one pair of stairs room adjoining to Mr. Hamilton's house, which has a communication with mine; I saw them at Mr. Hamilton's in the trunk, when the constable opened it, on the Friday after; the prisoner was servant
 to Mr. Hamilton - several of the children's names were in the printed bound books, the two parchment covered books were writing books, and a line of my own writing in one of them; the things were in the possession of the constable, 
               
                  James
                   Holmes
               



            .


                  JAMES
                   DEAN
               



             sworn.
On Friday the 11th of May, while the prisoner was under examination, he said he had an empty box, at a publick house, in Goodman's-fields; he gave me the key; I went with Mr. Crowther and opened the box, and found these 15 books.
Court to Mr. Crowther. Are those books that were found in Goodman's-fields, included in the indictment? - Yes, they are mine. (Deposed to.)



                  JAMES
                   HOLMES
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I was at Mr. Hamilton's on Friday the 11th of May; Mr. Hamilton opened a box in which there was a parcel of books. (Deposed to.)


                  WILLIAM
                   HAMILTON
               



             sworn.
I was present at the opening this box at my house, it belonged to my servant, the prisoner, I have seen it frequently and know it to be his.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
