






154. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DRUCE
                  



               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BOWLING
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 18th of January
 a hundred pounds weight of beef, value 2l. fifty pounds weight of mutton, value 1l. a dead pig, value 5s. ten pounds weight of lamb, value 10s. an iron cleaver, value 2s. and a linen cloth, value 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Hayes
               




            .


                  JOHN
                   HAYES
               



             sworn.
I lost my property in Fleet-market


, I am a butcher
 in Fleet-market.


                  Q. 
               


            When was it you lost any part of your meat? - On the 18th of January; I was in bed, it was at three o'clock in the morning when my place was broke open.


                  Q. 
               


            What day was the 18th? - Sunday. I left the shop the night before, about eleven o'clock, and left a quantity of meat there.
Q. Can you speak to the meat that you left there? - Yes; I left a side of lamb.
Q. Did you leave that with other meat? - Yes.
Q. Were your servants there later than you? - Yes, one of them is here.
Q. Did you see any part of your meat afterwards? - I see a quarter of lamb afterwards, about eleven or twelve o'clock on Sunday morning. The constable and my servant took two pieces out of the necessary.


                  Q. 
               


            There is no part of the meat here? - No, it is impossible, it is a perishable thing.
Q. Who was the servant that was left in your shop? - Joseph Ward.


                  JOSEPH
                   WARD
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Hayes, I am a servant.


                  Q. 
               


            Was you at his shop in Fleet-market on the 17th of January, on Saturday? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Were the things that were supposed to be taken from the shop, missing before you shut up the shop or after? - After.



                  Q. 
               


            Were you the last in the shop? - No.


                  Q. 
               


            What time was it you went away? - About a quarter before eleven, I came back about eleven.
Q. Who had you left behind you? - My fellow servant and young master.


                  Q. 
               


            What is your fellow servant's name? - 
               
                  James
                   Brookes
               



            , he is not here.
Q. When you returned about eleven, who was in the shop? - Nobody at all.


                  Q. 
               


            Was the shop fast then? - It was all fast.
Q. Can you tell what meat was left in the shop when you went out of it? - Yes, I can tell every thing.


                  Q. 
               


            What meat was there? - A rump and surloin, and part of a surloin and edge bone, and a leg of beef, and rump bone, a saddle and a leg of mutton, and another leg of mutton belonging to it, which made a pair of hind quarters, another besides that, cut in two, and a neck.
Q. Was there any cleaver left there? - Yes, and a large shoulder of mutton besides.
Q. Was there any cloths there belonging to your master? - One lamb cloth.


                  Q. 
               


            Why is not James Brookes here? - He shut up the shop, master thought he need not be here; my master said, don't hang any thing out till Monday or Tuesday, he thought meat would be very scarce.
Q. Here is a pig mentioned, was that left when you went away? - Yes.
Jury. We wish to have the servant called that shut the shop up.
PHILIP JOSTLING sworn.
I am a constable belonging to the City. On the 18th of January, Sunday, I was sent for to Mr. Hayes, he acquainted me his shop was broke open, and had been robbed of some meat; I was returning with the last witness to several cook shops, to enquire if any meat had been offered for sale; in consequence of which I went with a witness to Georgealley, Fleet-market.


                  Q. 
               


            Whose house was it? - I cannot tell, it was where I found the prisoners, both of them, and the lad that is admitted an evidence for the crown, they were all three together there.
Q. What time of the morning was it you found them there? - Between twelve and one in the morning; these two prisoners were in the back yard, and English, the evidence, was in the room; when I went in I heard the word, ding it, come from the yard.
Q. Was there any way for any persons in the yard seeing you? - No, I only knew it to be a flash word, meaning, to put it on one side.
Q. Was there any window in the back yard? - I did not observe.
Q. Was there any door? - There was.
Q. Then these persons could see any body coming through that aperture? - I suppose so. I directly went into this yard, this gave me a suspicion that I was right in my enquiry.
Q. Had you done any thing or said any thing to English? - No, he remained in the room where he was; when I went into the yard I perceived the two prisoners with their hands up to the wall. but I did not see any thing in their possession.


                  Q. 
               


            Describe what you mean by their hands up to the wall? - The wall by the privy, about five feet high it is, it parts the yard of the adjoining house; I then said to the last witness, I think they have thrown something over the wall. I then took the prisoner Bowling into custody.
Q. How came you not to take the other also? - They followed me, I could not socure them both, Druce followedme, and so old English; I told them I took him for robbing Mr. Hayes; I charged the lad that went with me, to stay in the premises till I came back; there were a great number of people when I came out of Bear-alley; I took the prisoner Bowling to Mr. Hayes's, and delivered him into his custody.


                  Q. 
               


            What became of Druce and English? - They were secured by Mr. Hayes, and some butchers about there; after they were secured I went back, and went back to the next house, to where I had taken the prisoners, and into the next yard.
Q. How soon was this? - In ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; there I found a quarter of house lamb, about a quarter of a yard from the wall, that divides the two yards; I then took it into my possession, and returned to the house where I took the prisoners from; I then searched the lower apartment, and could find nothing there; I then went up stairs and could find nothing there; I took the candle and went to the privy in the yard, where the prisoners were, and found some meat down the privy; I told the lad to get something to get it up, and he did.
Q. Was you present? - No, I was not, I was in the room.


                  Q. 
               


            You see it after it was got up? - I did, it seemed to be part of a shoulder of house lamb, that is all I can say; I kept it till it was taken before the magistrate, and then it was delivered to Mr. Hayes; I shewed into him as soon as I came up Bear-alley; he said it was his property, because it was so remarkable white.
Q. Did you find any cloths? - No.
Q. Any cleaver? - No.
Q. Did you find any beef? - Yes, I found some beef, No. 2, Eve-court, Blackfriars.
Q. Whose house was it? - I don't know, the apartment belonged to a man of the name of Flint.
Q. What did you find there? - A quantity of meat, of different kinds, one piece Mr. Hayes swore to before the magastrate. It was all delivered up to him before the magistrate.
Q. You found no cleaver there? - No, there was some mutton in salt which Mr. Hayes did not own.
Mr. Knapp. You found nothing while these men were present? - No.
Court to Prosecutor. Mr. Jostling has told us that he produced to you on the Sunday morning, a quarter of house lamb, what knowledge had you that that quarter was your property, and had not been sold that day? - I had but one lamb, which was purchased on purpose, as a a particular white lamb; I had an order for the side of it to go to the Green Hotel, at Liverpool; I sent a side of it packed up on Saturday night by the Liverpool mail before seven o'clock; the other was put in a cloth which they stole in the night.
Q. How late were you in the shop yourself? - About eleven o'clock.
Q. You had sold no part of that lamb yourself? - It was too late to sell lamb at that time of night, it was packed up not to be sold.
Q. That leg of lamb that Mr. Jostling produced to you, are you able to say that it was the lamb you packed up? - I know that it was, I don't know that I ever saw such a white lamb in my life; the fat of the leg of the lamb was a little tore in the dressing of it.
Q. You never saw the cloths again? - No, never see the cloths again, nor the pig.
Q. We have been told of some beef that was found in Eve-court. Did Jostling shew that to you? - Yes, he brought it to me in a red pan; one of these pieces of beef was a rib which I cut myself, which I positively swear to, and which had not been sold.

Q. You left it when you went away about eleven o'clock? - Yes, and see a piece of beef roasting at the fire that I could have sworn to, I knew it by the cut.
Mr. Knapp. They are not produced here? - No, it was a long time ago now.
Court. Did you see these things that were down the privy? - Yes, they corresponded with the hind quarter of the lamb, it was the fore quarter that was lost.
Q. They did not find the whole? - No.
Mr. Knapp. You lost a side of lamb? - A side of lamb.
Q. When you lost it it was done up in a cloth, that cloth has never been found since? - Never.
Q. All the lamb you found in the prisoner's house together, did it make up the quantity you lost? - It did not.
Q. That did not lead you to suppose it was the same lamb? - I know it was the same lamb, I have no doubt.


                  Q. 
               


            Lamb at this time, about the 18th of January, is very much in request? - No, no great deal at that time.


                  Q. 
               


            Leadenhall market I should have supposed would have produced as good lamb as that? - Certainly.


                  Q.
                   St. James's
               



             market also would have produced as good? - I should suppose so.


                  JAMES
                   BROOKES
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Hayes.
Q. How late were you at your shop on the 17th of January? - Till about half after eleven, very near twelve, not quite.
Q. Who was the last person in the shop? - I was the last person.
Q. Do you remember Mr. Hayes going away from the shop? - I cannot say I do.
Q. What sort of meat did you leave behind in the shop? - A rump of beef, and a sirloin, a pair of quarters of mutton, an edge bone of beef, a leg of mutton, a neck of mutton, and side of lamb.
Q. Now about this side of lamb, be particular. What lamb had you that day, one or more? - Two lambs.
Q. What became of the other lamb? - Sold to people in the shop.
Q. Was the side of lamb sold to chance customers? - I am not very certain of it.
Q. One half was left; what do you recollect about the other? - It was sold, but I don't know now to whom; there was one half left that is all I do recollect.
Q. How was that half disposed of which you left in the shop? - It hung up by the foot, wrapped up in a white cloth.
Q. Was it remarkable? Did you take any notice of it? - No further than it was a very good one.
Q. Then you had sold no part of that half lamb? - None.
Q. And the beef was remaining there? - Yes.
Q. And the pig you left there? - Yes.
Q. Do you recollect any cleaver missing? - One, and there was a cloth.
Q. Was that the cloth which the lamb was wrapped in? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            When you went away tell us what time it was? - As near as I can say in my own conscience, it was very near twelve.
Q. What care did you take of the door? - Double locked it.


                  Q. 
               


            What care of the pins of the windows? - Every thing was fast.


                  Q. 
               


            When did you come again? - In the morning about eight.
Q. Had any body been there belonging to your master, before you? - No, none.



                  Q. 
               


            In what condition did you find the shop? - I came to the shop door and tried to unlock it, and found it was wrenched open.
Q. Describe how? - As if by some iron instrument.
Q. Were the windows secured properly? - Very so.


                  Q. 
               


            What did you miss? - I missed the beef, the lamb, the mutton, the pig, and the cloths.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you see the lamb that was supposed to be your master's property? - I see two pieces of lamb that had been down the necessary.
Q. Did you see the hind quarter? - No, I did not.
Q. Did you see the beef? - I did not.
Q. The cleaver? - I did not.
Q. They were left there when you left the shop? - They were, and gone in the morning.
Mr. Knapp. You have been a good servant to Mr. Hayes, and he sells as good meat as his neighbours? - I cannot say any thing about that.
Q. There is nothing particular in his meat to any other butcher's? - Not that I know of.


                  JOSEPH
                   ENGLISH
               



             sworn.
Q. You know in what character you come here, mind that you speak nothing but what is true. What is your employment? - I work in Fleet-market, as a butcher.
Q. Do you live with any particular butcher, or are you occasionally employed by the butchers? - Occasionally employed by other butcher's, but I am mostly with Mr. -
Q. Tell your own story what you know of this charge against the prisoners at the bar? - I was locked out of my lodgings on Saturday night.


                  Q. 
               


            How long before you was taken up? - I was taken up on the Sunday following; I lodged up at Mr. Stanmore's, in George-alley, along with an old man, I had lodged there a few nights; I used to lodge at Mr. Clarke's, at the Wheatsheaf, the side of the Market. Bowling told me I was welcome to sit up at his lodgings; I met Bowling coming out of the door of the wine vaults.
Q. Did you know him before this time? - I knew him to work at the coal vessels, Mr. Clarke is his father-in-law, where I lodged before.
Q. What passed between you and him? - I sat up there because I was locked out.
Q. But did he know you were locked out? - I told him so; James Druce came there between one and two o'clock.
Q. Where were his lodgings? - In George alley.
Q. That is the same alley in which you lodge? - Yes, it is.
Q. How long after you had been at the lodgings, was it that Druce came in? - About half an hour after.
Q. Had you been to bed there? - No, they had no place for me to lay.
Q. Was Bowling a bed? - Yes, Druce came in and sent for liquor to drink.
Q. Did he send for liquor for you and he to drink? - Yes, and likewise Bowling's wife.
Q. Did Bowling get up when he came there? - No, he was rather in liquor when he went to bed, and he was fast asleep.
Q. Was the bed in the same room you were at? - Yes.
Q. What happened next after you sat down with Druce, and Bowling's wife? - Druce took a bolt that served for a poker, and went down the market with it; he insisted on my going with him, and took hold of me by the collar.

Q. Had he told you of the scheme? - No, he went into Fleet-market about fifty yards from George-alley.
Q. Was nothing said what was to he done with this poker? - He said some girl had affrented him, and he was going to lick this girl with the poker, he had been licking of her before; then I went down with him, he said she was over the arch way, instead of that he went quite the reverse way, he went to Mr. Hawkins's shop, him and me together.
Q. Did he give you any reason for not going where he said the girl was? - No.
Q. Did not you ask what was the reason? Did not you think it extraordinary? - He told me he was going only a little way up the market; he went and tried Mr. Hawkins's shop, a butcher's shop, the next but one to Mr. Hayes's; he said he could not break open that door, he tried to put the poker in between the staple to drive the staple out, and he said he could not wrench the staple out; he then went to Mr. Hayes's shop and broke it open, he made me stand by him, he licked me on the breast when he was at Mr. Hayes's door, because I did not stand close by him.
Q. He behaved very ill to you, what occasioned him to strike you? - Because I said I would leave him, while he fetched the middle of the sirloin of beef.
Q. Then you see him open that door? - Yes, I did.
Q. Then there were only you and him there? - Yes, Bowling was not there at the time.
Q. He fetched out the middle of the sirloin of beef, you say, and what else? - A pig, a leg of mutton, and a shoulder of mutton, and took it to Mr. Bowling's apartment.
Q. Did he take any thing else? - No, not at once, he came back again three or four times.
Q. How long after he took these to Bowling's did you go to Bowling's? - Directly. Bowling was then asleep, and his wife in bed with him, but she was not asleep. The second time we brought a rump and sirloin of beef; the dogs barked at him very much the first time, the dogs in the shop, one was tied up and the other was loose; he went into the place the second time with a pen knife in case the dogs barked; he brought all the meat he could find, I see him bring it all out; he brought out a side of lamb, lamb is called a side of lamb when it is cut down the middle; it was wrapped up in a white cloth, the cloth was damp.
Q. Any thing else? - A coarse cloth, a cleaver that they chop up meat with, it was all taken to Bowling's house, and I see him put it all into the cupboard, all the meat, and he sat up there all the night.
Q. Who sat up all night? - James Druce, and 
               
                  John
                   Bowling
               



             said in the morning, he would have the meat took out of the place. Druce said he knew of a place to sell it, and he took it to Mrs. Flint's.
Q. Who went to Mrs. Flint's? - Bowling, Lewis, (or Druce) and I, on the Sunday morning; Bowling took the rump and sirloin of beef, and an edge bone of beef, as much as he could carry; Lewis took a little of the meat, and I took a shoulder of mutton, and they took them up stairs in that house, the house I shewed to Mr. Jostling, and when they came down stairs, they told me that Mrs. Flint had given them a guinea.
Q. Who said that? - James Lewis; they had sent me home to Mr. Bowling's house, and they left at Bowling's house, an edge bone of beef, a shoulder of mutton, two legs, and some small topsof ribs of beef, they were left at home, Bowling said he could get a customer for them; they came back soon after, they did not come back with me; they came back rather in liquor, and they heard an outcry in the market that Jostling was coming up to seek after the meat; when they came home they told me there was an outcry in the market, and they were coming up to search the place, with that they took the remainder of the meat out of the place, out into a little yard they had got, where they keep rabbits, and left it there to keep till they could sell it.
Q. I thought you said they put it into the cupboard? - So they did at first.
Q. Did they go a second time to the woman? - Yes.
Q. After you came back? - Yes.
Q. Did you go along with them? - Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            Where did they take the remainder from? - Out of Bowling's house, out of the little yard where they kept it.
Q. What was it put in when there was this outcry? - In a sack, because it was dangerous to carry it; then they sent me away, I went back to Bowling's house and they came back in about an hour.
Q. Did you remain that time there? - Yes. When they came back they told me they got eight shillings for what they took up the last time, the course cloth, the cleaver went with this last meat.
Q. What next? - They had a quarter of lamb cut up for breakfast, the other Mr. Jostling took from them.
Q. How soon after their second return did Mr. Jostling come back? - In about an hour, or rather more; he came about one o'clock, Lewis and Bowling then were in a back place where they keep pigs, a room that was boarded.
Q. What does it join to? - There was a bit of parting between their house and the back house. Just as Jostling came to the door they took the quarter of lamb out of the cupboard, and took it into the back place.
Q. When Jostling came you heard them call ding it, what was done after that? - Jostling came and secured Bowling, took him into custody, and the servants of Mr. Hayes went back and looked for this meat, and they found it, and they brought it to a public house, the Brown Bear, at the top of the alley. Jostling did not take me into custody; I following Bowling to see where they were going to take him; then Mr. Hayes gave charge of Lewis, and me, Bowling was in the public house, and we were taken to the compter.
Q. How soon after was it you gave any information yourself? - I was in the counter about half or three quarters of an hour; I took them to the place where they conveyed the meat to, to this woman's house; they found these bits of beef in the house just salted, and a scrag of mutton, and they brought it to Mr. Hayes.
Jury. You say the meat was sold for one guinea, have you received any part of that money? - No.
Q. If you had received any part of the money, should you have been here as evidence? - Yes.
Prisoner Druce. I was sitting up in this man's room, and I know nothing at all about it, and he was in bed and asleep, and his wife too.
Prisoner Bowling. I was in bed and asleep, and my wife and child.
Bowling called five witnesses who gave him a good character, who said he was bred a waterman and lighterman.
James Druce, otherwise Lewis,



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
John Bowling, 

               not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
