





560. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of October
, seventy-two pair of men's leather gloves, value 3l. and thirty-six pair of women's leather gloves, value 2l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Skinner
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Knight
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   SKINNER
               



             sworn. - I am a glover

, in partnership with 
               
                  Richard
                   Knight
               



             in Gutter-lane-Cheapside: On Tuesday, the 8th of October, we sent a parcel of gloves from our warehouse, to Mr. Charlesworth's in Holborn, and I understood one of them was stolen the same evening.


                  JOHN
                   BLUNDELL
               



             sworn. - I am servant to Thomas Godwin, a warehouse-man; Mr. Skinner has the back warehouse, and our's is the front; I was going to the other end of the town, and Mr. Skinner's man asked me if I would take a parcel to Mr. Charlesworth's in Holborn, there were three parcels; the two large ones were tied together, and I carried them upon my shoulder, the other I carried under my arm; I carried them as far as Snow-hill, and there was a boy that I knew with a cart; he asked me where I was going, and I told him; I put my parcel into the cart and walked at the tail of the cart, till I got to Fullwoods-rents in Holborn


; I was rather on the side of the cart, and the prisoner at the bar came to the tail of the cart and cut the top parcel from the other, I saw him do it; I immediately pursued him, and told him, it was my parcel; I got hold of his coat and he attempted to run away up Fullwoods-rents; there were some people standing there, against the rails, and he struck me, I called after him stop thief; he had a bundle under his arm, and a gentleman took hold of him; when I found my parcel was safe, I went after the cart for my other parcels, and he was taken to Hatton-garden; I went to Hatton-garden and he was committed.


                  THOMAS
                   DEAN
               



             sworn. - On the 8th of October, I was going up Holborn, past Fullwood's-rents, and heard the last witness say to the prisoner, master, you have got my parcel; I immediately looked round towards Fullwood's-rents, and saw the prisoner a few steps down Fullwood's-rents; he was turning from Fullwoods-rents and passing me down towards Gray's-inn-lane; I asked the witness, if that was his parcel; he replied, yes; I then caught hold of the prisoner; he threw down the parcel from under his left arm; he asked me what I wanted of him, and used every means in his power to rescue himself from me; I took him to Hatton-garden.


                  GEORGE
                   LONGDEN
               



             sworn. - The prisoner and this parcel was brought to me, that is all I know of it. (The property was deposed to by Mr. Skinner.)
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 33.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
