





356. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 25th of April
, 50lb. weight of tanned leather, value 20s.
             the property of 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Maberly
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Maberly
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Const.)


                  GEORGE
                   SOUTHEY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. I am foreman to Messrs. Stephen and 
               
                  John
                   Maberly
               



            , father and son, they are the only partners: On Tuesday the 25th of April, I was coming through the warehouse, I saw the prisoner, and a man of the name of Humphries, putting a quantity of skins into a bag; I asked what they were going to do with them, and they said they were going to lay them aside till they had an opportunity of sorting them; I suspected they were about to be carried out, and I got two persons to watch, and they were soon after carried out by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM
                   TURNER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. const. I am servant to Messrs. Maberly; Mr. Southey desired me to watch in the warehouse; about eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner go out with a bag upon his shoulder; I immediately told Mr. Crowther of it, and he followed him and brought him back; he put the bag down, and said, there they are; I went to examine the bag, and found them to be pieces of leather rounded; they are generally sold to the shoe-makers.
Court. Q. Are they ever given to the workmen by way of perquisites? - A. No; they are sold by weight.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. This bag was like many other bags about the house? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you mean to say that the workmen have not the privilege of carrying away what they call shavings? - A. Yes; they have by asking leave.
Q. There were several other men in the same place at the time? - A. No; there were not.


                  WILLIAM
                   CROWTHER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. I followed the prisoner and overtook him about eighty yards from the house, and brought him back; I told him these pieces must not be carried away; he immediately put them off his back, I examined them, and they were pieces of leather.
Q. They were not shavings? - A.No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. He told you at the time he thought they were shavings, and was mistaken? - A. No, he did not.
Court (To Southey). Q. Are those things given to the workmen as perquisites? - A. No, never; they have been locked up in our warehouse ever since, and sealed. (Produces them).
Jury. Q. What may be the value of them? - A. About five-pence a pound; there are fifty-two pounds of it.
Prisoner's defence. My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury-this is a spiteful malicious piece of business; I went up to fill the bag with shavings, and Mr. Turner saw me go up; when I came to take up my bag of shavings, when I was going out to breakfast, my bag was taken away, and this bag of pieces put in the place of them, and I took it, and thought it was shavings; I spoke to the foreman directly, and said what a scandalous piece of business it was; my bag was found covered over with dust and rubbish; I knew no more that it was pieces than the child unborn.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
