





348. 
               
                  
                     ELIJAH 
                     COLLYER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of July
, one looking-glass, in a gilt frame, value 1 s.
             the goods and chattels of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   HARRIS
               



             sworn.
I live in Sun-street, No. 7


; I am a broker
. On the 27th of July, about ten in the morning, I returned out of my shop into the back kitchen; in about ten minutes I was called out, to know if I had sold a looking-glass; in about two minutes I came out, and saw the prisoner at the bar with the looking-glass in his hand; I pursued him on the opposite side of the way, that he might have no suspicion of me, and that he might not throw the glass down, and break it. When I came level with him, I immediately ran across the way, and stopped him; he then threw down the glass against my legs; it being a gilt frame, and wire ornaments, and it pitching on the back, the glass did not break at all. I was obliged to let go my hold of him, or step through the glass; I let him go, and he ran about ten yards; I pursued him immediately, and called out, Stop thief; and then a man immediately ran before him, and stopped him; the man that stopped him the second time brought him back immediately. I never lost sight of him. He is the man, I can swear positively.
(The glass produced by the officer, and deposed to by Mr. Harris.)
- PEDLER sworn.
I stopped the man, and held him till Mr. Harris came up; and he said, he was the man.


                  THOMAS
                   SACKWELL
               



             sworn.
I am the constable of Bishopsgate Without. I had this glass from Mr. Harris, and it has been in my custody ever since.
Prisoner to Pedler. Did you see me throw the glass down? - I did not.


                  SARAH
                   HARRIS
               



             sworn.
I saw this young man come off the step of the door with the glass in his hand; the glass before was in the shop; it stood by the side of the bedstead. I am sure it is the young man.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing about it; I should have had many friends come here, if they had known the prosecutor would carried the cause on.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
