





524. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DEAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 6th of September
, a silver watch, value 40s. four muslin neck handkerchiefs, value 2s. two linen shirts, value 5s. a cotton pocket handkerchief, value 6d. a pair of worsted stockings. value 4d. a pair of corderoy breeches, value 10s. a toilinet waistcoat, value 8s. and a man's hat, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Farrant
                     



                  ; a pair of men's leather shoes, value 12d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Bright
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of John Maddocks
            .


                  EDWARD
                   BRIGHT
               



             sworn. - I live at Hendon; I am a gardener
: The prisoner lodges at Hendon


, in the same room with 
               
                  John
                   Farrant
               



            , in the house of 
               
                  John
                   Maddocks
               



            ; I lost a pair of buckles and a pair of shoes last Wednesday was a week, in the morning, I had seen them on Tuesday night, in the kitchen; I saw them the same day that I lost them, on 
               
                  William
                   Dean
               



            's feet.(
               
                  Robert
                   Cooper
               



            , a constable of union-Hall, produced a pair of shoes and buckles, which were deposed to by Bright).


                  JOHN
                   FARRANT
               



             sworn. - The prisoner lodged in the same room with me, he is a gardener; I accidentally met with him in Kent-street, with the shoes and buckles upon his feet, about four hours after Bright missed his property.
Q. Do you know whose they were? - A. I do not know any further than when Bright came in, he said, they were his; he was with me in pursuit of the prisoner.
Q. What time in the morning did the prisoner go out? - A. I cannot say, I was asleep; I awoke about half after five o'clock.
Court. (To Bright). Q. How came you to go to Kent-street? - A. We went in pursuit of him.
Q. Did you ever hear of his being there before? - A. Yes.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.




               GUILTY of stealing, value 10d.
             (Aged 37).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
