





509. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of June
, a silk handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Alefounder
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   ALEFOUNDER
               



             sworn.
I am a journeyman carpenter
; I was robbed of a silk handkerchief on Sunday afternoon the 15th of this month, in Whitechapel


, it was taken out of my pocket; I did not see the prisoner take it, but I saw it on him; I missed it, and I turned round, and saw the prisoner with it in his hand; he had it under his jacket, I went to take it from him, and he dropped it from under his jacket; I see him let it fall, it was a silk handkerchief; I picked it up, and gave it to the constable; I took him first of all to the watch-house, and gave it to the constable there, and from thence the prisoner was taken to the justice and committed; I am quite sure the prisoner is the person.


                  RICHARD
                   NIBLY
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of Portsoken ward. I produce an handkerchief, I received it of Mr. Alefounder; I saw the prisoner, he was charged with taking it, he was in the watch-house before I was sent for. (The handkerchief deposed to.)
Prisoner. I was coming along Whitechapel between the hours of four and five, and the people walked very thick on the pavement, and there were two more lads walking close by the side of me, and a kind of a cheesemonger man catched hold of three of us, and called the gentleman back, and one of the other two dropped the handkerchief.
Court to Alefounder. Was there any other boy with him? - I believe there were two other boys with him, but I am sure I saw it drop from him, and not from either of the other boys.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
