





62. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     LEVY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of December
, a black silk cloak, value 4s. a cotton gown, value 12s. a white dimity petticoat, value 3s. a muslin apron, value 3s. and a muslin handkerchief, value 1s.
             the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Hughes
               




            , spinster
.


                  JAMES
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn. - I know nothing of the robbery; the prisoner lodged in my house at St. Paul's, Shadwell


.


                  SARAH
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of the last witness; the prisoner was a lodger with us, he slept out on Saturday night last, he came home on Sunday evening, he went out on Monday morning, to go to work as I thought; he came again at two in the afternoon, and said he would go up and lay down; he did not stay long before he came down again, and said he wanted to go backwards; first he went into the yard, and then came in again through the house, and went out; I looked at him, and I thought he looked more bulky than when he came in, I was very doubtful if he had not something more than belonged to him; I went up stairs, and found my daughter's box open, my daughter's name is 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Hughes
               



            ; I fetched my daughter home, and she examined, and missed the things named in the indictment; I missed the cloak, gown, and petticoat; my husband and I went after the prisoner, and found him at a public-house, the Turk's-head, in New Gravel-lane; we took him and brought him to the Justice's, and there was, found upon him the duplicates of the property.


                  EDWARD
                   PRITCHARD
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, (produces the property;) I took in these articles of the prisoner last Monday, the cloak in the morning, and the rest in the afternoon of the same day, about four o'clock, he pawned them for eighteen shillings and sixpence. (The property was deposed to by 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Hughes
               



            .)


                  JOHN
                   COOK
               



             sworn. - I am an officer, I produce the duplicates which I found in the prisoner's possession, and which applied to this property.
Pritchard. These are the duplicates I gave to the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence. I did not take them to make away with them, because I intended to take them out again, on the Saturday night.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 38.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
