






542. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     BUCKLE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HIGHLAND
                  




               
             were indicted for that 


               they, on the 2d of July
 last, did make an assault on 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Seagoe
                        




                     
                  , the younger, on the king's highway, with a certain stick, which the said 
                     
                        John
                         Highland
                     



                   in his right hand then and there had and held, with an intent to rob him
            .
Prisoner Highland. Please to examine the witnesses one by one.


                  JOHN
                   SEAGOE
               



             sworn.
On Friday evening last, between nine and ten o'clock, I was going home out of the city. Just past the end of Plumb-tree-street, Broad St. Giles's, the prisoner Buckle came after me with an intent to pick my pocket; I turned round, and said, it will not do. Just before I got to the end of Dyot-street


, I felt a pull at my side; I turned round, and they were close to me; I prevented him picking my pocket again, by turning round; I felt his hand; I had no time to speak, before Highland struck at me with a stick in a violent manner.
Court. Did Highland follow you? - No; he was standing at the corner of Dyot-street; he struck me directly; I gave him no provocation; there was no conversation between the prisoners; they were not in company together; when Highland struck me, he swore very much; the other made the attempt at my pocket, just at the time; I was not knocked down; I received several blows on my arm; I made a retreat into a coal-shed; and he hallooed, blast him, turn him out; I was secure from him.
Court. Did the other say any thing at the time he struck you? - No.
Mr. Beth. Was not you at the Westminster election? - Yes.
Did you see these men there? - No.
You know there was a riot at the Westminster election? - Yes.
Did not you know these people took you for one of the opposite party to them? - I do not know.
Did you know them before? - Yes, I have seen them many times before; and they knew me; I have seen them pick pockets.
They did not pick your pocket? - Buckle attempted it.
This was about the time there was a riot at the election? - Yes, it was.


                  BENJAMIN
                   POWELL
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. Last Friday night Mr. Seagoe came to me, and described the two men to me; I did not find them that night; and I took Highland last Tuesday; and on the Wednesday morning I went to the round-house, and Buckle was there, speaking to Highland; and I detained him.


                  EDWARD
                   TREADWAY
               



             sworn.
I know no more than the last witness.


                  RICHARD
                   HARPER
               



             sworn.
Nor I, my lord.
PRISONER BUCKLE's DEFENCE.
I am innocent, my lord. I went to seethis man, and they stopped me. Justice Walker asked us if we were willing to go to sea? and we said, yes; and the officers put us in the back yard, and persuaded this man to prosecute us for the reward.
PRISONER HIGHLAND's DEFENCE.
On the night this happened, I was drinking with some friends at the Cat, in Newton-street; and I was going on board the Magnificent; and when I was taken to Justice Walker's the officers persuaded the prosecutor to prosecute us for the reward.
Court to Treadway. Did you say any thing about the reward to the prosecutor? - There is none, my lord.
Mr. Beth. Did you say any thing about the reward? - No, there is none; I can tell you the act of parliament for it.
For the prisoner Highland.


                  ELIZABETH
                   COFFIELD
               



             sworn.
I am a milk-carrier. I am come for Highland. On the night this happened, he was drinking with me and my husband, at the time they say this was done; he was with me from about six, till half past ten, and came home with me: we were at the sign of the Cat, in Newton-street; he was in my company all the time; my husband went into the country the next morning, to Hendon, to make hay.
Court. Who else was there? - I cannot say.
What room were you in? - The taproom.
Did any body else join your company? - No.
Did none of them know the prisoner nor you? - No, not that I know of.
What had you for supper? - I believe we had none.
Is the man who keeps the house, single, or married? - Yes, married.
Who served you with the beer? - Sometimes the boy, and sometimes the servant.
How came you to know it was half past ten? - The watchman went half past ten.
Did you come away before or after? - Just at the time; I came out first; Highland and my husband followed.
What became of your husband and Highland? - He sleeps in my room; he came home with me, and slept at home all that night; I live in Newton-street.
Court to Powell. When did you take Highland? - Last Tuesday night.
Treadway. It was last Tuesday night, my lord; I took him by the collar; and he said, let me go; I said, no, I know you too well.
Harper. I saw him on the Tuesday; it was a very little after nine, if any thing: Powell first seized him; we were all three together.


                  ISAAC
                   BUCKLE
               



             (aged 20) 
               
                  JOHN
                   HIGLAND
               



             (aged 21)



               GUILTY
            ,





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
