





451. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JUGGINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, a wooden Cask, value 8 d. and two hundred and two pounds weight of salted butter, value 6 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Todd
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   TODD
               



             sworn.
I live in St. Paul's Church-yard


; I am a cheesemonger
. On 27th of April last, at eight o'clock, or a little past, I was serving my customers and I saw a man looking in at the window; I looked very earnestly at him, and I saw him move his foot; I went out to him, and he was kicking a cask of butter; I ran up to him, and asked him what he was taking? he said he saw some boys rolling of it, and he began rolling, and he was rolling of it by his arms when I took hold of him; he could not lift it, it was two hundred weight and odd; there was no one boy there, but himself; I stopped him with the butter, and took him and called the people into my own shop for assistance. (The cask produced.)
Mr. Peat. Was this butter your's that you have been speaking of? - It was.
Q. You saw him at first rolling the cask; how do you mean? was you looking at the cask when he began toroll it? - It was on the side when I saw him, and I left it on its end.
Q. How many minutes might have elapsed from the time you saw the cask at the door, to the time you saw it with the prisoner? - I cannot tell.
Q. How many do you think? state as accurate as you can. - I cannot justly say.
Q. Was it five? - Something more.
Q. Was it ten? - It might be ten.
Q. Is it not possible that twenty boys might have helped roll that cask while you was serving your customer? the cask in question did not stand by the counter, did it? - No, it stood at the door in the street.
Q. Then when you was serving your customer you could not see the cask? - Not without turning my head that way; I could not always have my eye on that.
Q. Therefore it might have been rolled by boys for what you know to the contrary? - There were no boys there.
Q. It was impossible that you could look at the firkin and the customers at the same time, therefore the boys might have been there for ought you know.


                  ROBERT
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am a neighbour to Mr. Todd; I was in the shop.
Q. Were any boys near? - No, none; the man had his hands on the cask when Mr. Todd came up to him.
Mr. Peat. Did the prisoner seem to be sober? - He did.
Q. Did you converse with him? = I did; he said he was very well known in that neighbourhood.
- FITZGERALD sworn.
I was there, and I saw a croud; Mr. Todd called out will any body go and get me a constable? I said I am one, and I took the prisoner into custody.
Mr. Peat. Was he sober? - I did not observe he was in liquor.
Mr. Peat to Todd. Was he sober? - As far as I can say he was sober.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
