





35. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PRIME
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of October
, four yards of woollen cloth value 20s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Davidson
                  




               
            .
The indictment opened by Mr. Knapp, and the case by Mr. Fielding.


                  JOHN
                   MAITLAND
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are a partner in the business of Maitland, Fludyer, and March? - Yes.
Q. Do you remember at any time, and when, having occasion, in consequence of a suspicion, to go to a person of the name of Brookes, a pawnbroker, in Holborn? - I went to Mr. Brookes's house on Saturday evening, the 25th of October; I went there in consequence of Mr. Rankin coming to our house. I went from the public office in Bow-street along with Mr. Townsend, and when we came to Mr. Brookes's house, he was out; but there we discovered a large quantity of cloth.
Q. What sort of cloth was it? - Red cloth; white cloth, and shag cloth. It remained at Mr. Brookes's till Monday morning. I went on Sunday and saw Mr. Brookes then, and Mr. Brookes agreed to deliver the cloth to me; I sent for it on Monday morning, I sent two servants of mine with a cart, 
               
                  John
                   Wotton
               



             was one, he brought me the whole of the cloth, and the shag.
Q. Was that the same cloth that you saw the day before, and Saturday? - I presume it was the same.
Q. Where has this cloth been since? - In 
               
                  John
                   Wotton
               



            's custody, in a warehouse in Blackwell Hall

Q. Do you know how long afterwards the prisoner at the bar was taken up? - I do not know, I believe it was about the 4th or 5th of November.
Q. Did you attend at Bow-street? - I did.
Q. Did any thing pass in your knowledge there before the examination took place? Did you hear the prisoner at the bar say any thing?
Q. Brookes and Wimp both were both there? - Yes.
Q. Is the cloth here? - The cloth is in a cart at the door, locked up, and the small pieces that have been sworn to are in court.


                  JOHN
                   WOTTON
               



             sworn.
Q. You are a servant to Messrs. Maitland, Fludyer and Co. - Yes.
Q. You remember being directed by your master to go to Mr. Brookes? - Yes, on the 27th of October.
Q. Where does he live? - In Holborn.
Q. What time did you go there? - About ten o'clock in the morning.
Q. When you came to Mr. Brookes did you get any cloth from there? - Mr. Brookes delivered the cloth in bags to me.
Q. Is that the cloth he delivered to you? - It is part of it.
Q. Have you had it in your custody ever since? - Yes.
- BROOKES sworn.
Q. You are a pawnbroker in Holborn? - Yes.
Q. Is that the cloth you delivered to Wotton? - yes, it was done up in bags.
Q. What you took in you delivered to Wotton? - Yes.
Watton. We have had sixteen bags in all.
Q. To Brookes. Where did you get it from? - I had it delivered to me by Mr. Wimp, Saturday noon, about twelve o'clock, great cart load.
Q. For what purpose was it delivered to you by Wimp? - About the 12th of October Wimp called at my house with a bit of red cloth and a bit of white cloth, and desired to know if I would buy any, he said, there was a great quantity of it, as much as a thousand yards; I told him it would not suit me to buy it; but I knew a gentleman of credit in the city that probably might buy it. I went to Rankin, of Change-alley, with the samples; he desired me to leave them, and he would take an opportunity of looking at them. I called on him again, he said he had not had an opportunity of looking at them; I waited on him again, and then he said, if they were as good as the samples, he would have them; he said he should like to be satisfied with a sight of them before he bought them; I told him that I should wish he should; and he appointed to be at my house the 25th of October. He saw them delivered out of the cart; he uncut one of the bags himself; he said, Brookes, you have been imposed upon, the cloth is not like the sample, and it being in small quantities they will not suit me to buy them, being small lengths and short pieces; I told the man to take them away again, as they would not suit Mr. Rankin, I had no business with them; but he would not take them again, and they were all put in my room at that time. In the evening, while I was gone to Mr. Rankin's house to tell him how I was circumstanced about the cloth, I learned that Mr. Maitland and Mr. Townsend had called at my house; I did not see Mr. Maitland till Sunday morning; I went to Bow-street after him, but I found he was gone, and at my house he was kind enough to call againon Sunday, he said he had every reason to believe that they were his cloths.
Q. In consequence of something that passed between you and Mr. Maitland you went to Bow-street on Monday, and Wimp was there? - Yes, and the other man. Not meeting with Mr. Maitland at home, I went to Mr. Jennings, my attorney.
Mr. Knowlys. I believe there is a little part of the story does not occur to your recollection. I believe after Mr. Rankin would not buy these things; you went to Wimp to get him to take back these things? - I did.
Q. What was his conduct on the occasion? - I went a third time to his house before I could get to see him, the last time was about seven o'clock in the evening; he said, you have bought the cloths; he wanted to force them on me; he said to Mr. Townsend, mind you found them at Mr. Brookes's house, you have not found them at mine.
Q. Had you ever made any contract with Wimp to buy the things of him? - No, none at all.
Q. Did you ever intend to make such a contract with Wimp? - Never. I acted as agent; I took the sample to Mr. Rankin.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   WIMP
               



             sworn.
Mind you are upon your oath, Mr. Wimp.
Q. Look at these cloths; you had a parcle of cloths at Mr. Brookes's? - Yes.
Q. to Brookes. These are the cloths that was sent to your house? - Yes.
Q. To Wimp. Where do you live? - In White Horse-yard.
Q. You are what they call a piece broker there? - Yes.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - Yes, perfectly well.
Q. When did he bring any cloth to your house? - He brought at different times; but he brought these two sometime in October.
Q. Where did he say he got it? - From Mr. Davison, No. 1, Bedford-street, Covent-garden.
Q. For what purpose did he bring them to you? - He said they had so much measured to them, and out of that they had so many garments to cut, and by their ingenuity in laying the patterns, they could save something, and that was their perquisites. Mr. Prime and Mr. Davis said so.
Q. I am now only enquiring about Prime; if any body was in company with him, you may tell me about what they did altogether.
Q. Did he bring it to you to sell? - Yes.
Court to Wotton. How many yards are there? - Four yards in two remnants; I measured it.
Q. To Wimp. Do you know how many yards there are? - I do not; I bought a great many pieces at the same time; I know that by being cut in such a manner.
Q. You dealt with this man for some time? - Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. I take it for granted you never used to measure it? -  I did measure it.
Q. Yet you cannot tell what quantity it contained? - I could at the time.
Q. You carried this to Mr. Brookes among others, and you sold them to Mr. Brookes? - Yes.
Q. You swear that, sir! -
Q. Did you hear my last question? - I do not believe I have brought the bill with me, I sold them to Mr. Brookes in this manner, he was to give me three shillings a yard for the shags and cloths, three shillings round, take the whole together,
Q. That you swear positively? - Yes.

Q. Do you know some workmen of Mr. Gilpin? - I know Mr. Allen, Mr. Gilpin's foreman.
Q. You know Mr. Casey? - Yes.
Q. You never desired them to get some cloth from their master, and you would treat them with a supper? Did you ever treat them with a supper? - I did, but not on that occasion.
Q. During that supper, did not you desire them to get some cloth from their masters? - No, I never did.
Q. For what purpose did you treat these workmen? you knew Mr. Gilpin was a taylor? - I did not know he was an army taylor.
Q. How much might your supper cost you,that you treated them with? - I cannot tell.
Q. What had you there? - I cannot tell, it cost me a guinea I believe, what there was I paid for.
Q. Now I ask you when did you receive this particular cloth now before us? - It was sometime in October last, to the best of my knowledge.
Q. You will not six the day? - I cannot.
Q. I believe they sent you to prison when you appeared at Bow-street? - Sent me to prison, for what?
Court. Were you sent to prison or not? - No.
Mr. Knowlys. Were you never in custody, was not you sent in custody to appear again as a witness? - No.
Mr. Fielding to Maitland. I do not know whether that falls within your knowledge, the value of a yard of cloth? - It is within five shillings and six-pence and six shillings the selling value; that cloth would sell for five shillings and six-pence, or better, to thy army clothiers.
Q. Is two shillings and six-pence or three shillings and six pence, any thing near the value? - It is considerably under the prime cost; there is a very small profit on things of that sort.


                  MUNGO
                   SHEDDER
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are foreman to Mr. Davison? - Yes.
Q. Mr. Davison is an army clothier
? - He is.
Q. And he has such cloths as these. Who does he receive his cloths from? - Chiefly from Mr. Maitland.
Q. Was the prisoner at the bar a cutter
 in your house? - He was.
Q. Were such cloth as this what he was employed upon in your house? - Sometimes.
Q. Look at this piece of cloth; that piece of cloth is capable of being turned to many uses to your master? - Yes, certainly.
Q. Was such pieces of cloth ever considered as perquisites? - Never, there are no perquisites.
Q. You disallow all perquisites whatever; I understand you gave very large wages to this cutter? - Yes, they have twenty-four shillings a week, and eight shillings besides, and their victuals when they are very busy; they knew there were no perquisites; Mr. Wimp once called on me, that is here, to know if there were no perquisites.
Q. We must not have the conversation between you and Mr. Wimp. Have they any right in your business, or are they allowed to take any articles out of your shop? - No, none.
Q. This is the fort of cloth your master had from Mr. Maitland and Mr. Fludyer, and the prisoner was at work upon it? - He was.
Q. What is Davison's christian name? - Alexander.
Q. You keep a book, and in that book you enter the remnants that are returned? - When they have a particular size of coats or waistcoats, they go on cutting,and to what is left, they put down a remnant left; this sort of cloth out of which dragoons cloaks are cut, in every piece of cloth there is some left, and it is converted into other purposes, we make waistcoats and breeches of it.
Court. The cloak requires a large sweep of cloth, of course? - It does.
Mr. Fielding. Is not a remnant of that size of use, so as to be capable of being converted to other purposes? - It is.
Mr. Knowlys. Has Mr. Davison any partner? - The business is carried on in the name of 
               
                  Alexander
                   Davison
               



            , and I never was told Mr. Davison had any partner.
Q. How long had you known Mr. Wimp? - A few days before the man was taken up.
Q. You did not know his character before? - No.
Q. Is there any mark on this cloth by which you can identify it? - The only mark is the round circle from whence the cloak is cut, and this is the manner in which it is left.
Q. As this Mr. Wimp was a large dealer, he might have had it from other clothiers? - He might.
Prisoner. I wish to speak a few words if you please. I met Mr. Wimp frequently in the street, knowing him perfectly well, Mr. Wimp did apply to me in White Horse-yard, Stanhope-street, to get him some pieces of cloth; I told him I had no such perquisites; says I, you had better come to Mr. Sheddon about it. I never took a morsel of cloth in my life, he has accused me with it because I am a particular acquaintance of his; in fact he has asked me to supply him with cloth, but I know nothing of the cloth.
Mr. Knowlys to Mr. Sheddon. This man was continued in your employment, and, I suppose, you thought him an honest man? - That was not the case; he was not in the service at the time.
Q. Had you ever discharged him? - No, I had not, but he left my service on the 29th of October, when I had first the intelligence of the cloth being gone, and he heard of it, and left his work.
Q. I believe you found him at the house of call, where your men use? - I did.
The prisoner called two witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged. 31.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
