





111. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MACARTHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 12th of December
, a woollen blanket, value 6d. two linen sheets, value 6d. and a stuff gown, value 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Skinner
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   SKINNER
               



             sworn.
My husband's name is 
               
                  Richard
                   Skinner
               



            . I rent a lower apartment, and a two pair of stairs room, in Rosemary-lane


. I was robbed on Thursday the 12th of December. I get my bread in the street, and I was out about my business; I sell fish, and I pitched at my place where I stand, and left my girl there to come home, and give my children some dinner; after I had done that, I locked the two children in doors, and came to my girl again. Meantime, I was stopping with my girl, a loy came and told me, Mrs. Skinner, I have seen a girlcome out of your place with a bundle, I said, don't say so, my lad, for I have locked my children in the place; I went home directly, and I found my lower apartment fastened.
Q. Was not you at home to dinner? - No, I left my girl to mind the goods in the street. I dined in Well's-street, at the Black Horse door, by Well-close-square; I was there in at doors at dinner where I stand.
Q. When you was told, that you had lost the bundle, did you go home directly? - Yes.
Q. About what time was this? - Between the hours of one and two.
Q. What did you miss? - A pair of sheets, a blanket, and a stuff crape gown.
Q. Where did you miss these articles from? - Out of my two pair of stairs room from off my bed.
Q. Did you ever find these things after you lost them? - I found them at the pawnbroker's, Mr. Guest's, at the corner of Abel-buildings, Rosemary-lane. I was told, that she was in there with the things, in the lane where I live.
Q. As to the prisoner, when did you first see any thing of her? - I see her in the pawnbroker's, as well as the things. I never saw her before in my life.


                  MARY
                   BUCKNEY
               



             sworn.
I am a hard working woman. I saw this woman come out of the prosecutor's house, on Thursday the 12th of December, she had the things loose hanging on her arm; I sent a little girl after her, to see where she went to, and the little girl saw her go into the pawnbroker's in Rosemary-lane; the prisoner was there.
Q. Did you see the articles? - I did not see them then.
Court to the Prosecutor. In what manner do you suppose the person got into your house, how was your door fastened? - I cannot say that the place was fastened, because I leave my children in the room.
Q. Were your children in the rooms from whence these things were taken? - They were gone long enough after my children went down stairs.
Q. How could the woman get in? - I did not fasten the door up stairs, the children were below at home, and I locked them in.
Q. Were these taken from a room up stairs? - They were in a two pair of stairs room.


                  JOHN
                   DILLON
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to a pawnbroker.
Q. Look at the prisoner. Did she ever pawn any thing with you? - I cannot say that ever she did or no. I recollect her coming into the shop, the morning before this happened; but I do not recollect her pawning any thing.
Q. Was any thing pawned by any body the day of this robbery? - Yes, a good many things were pawned that day.
Q. I mean the articles in this indictment? - None of them were pawned that day, they were offered to be pawned.
Q. Who offered to pawn them? - The prisoner at the bar; she came in with a bundle the 12th of December, about two o'clock, and took the sheets out of her lap, and laid it on the counter. My master took it up, and looked at it; she brought a stuff gown, and one blanket, she did not offer to pledge them; she offered to pledge one sheet, but she brought a pair. I stopped her; there was an officer sent for, and never a one came; the woman stopped of her own accord in the shop; there was a little boy went for an officer, and never a one came; he went of his own accord, because he saw an uproar.
Q. Then the woman was in your shop, and she was not detained by you? - No. A woman came, and told us not to takethem in, for she had stolen them; it was one 
               
                  Martha
                   Barnet
               



            , she is not here; we stopped the property, and put it behind the counter, till an officer came; she stayed till the prosecutor came, and took her up to a magistrate.
Q. How came she to stay there? - She was afraid to go out, on account of the mob about, there was a great mob at the door.
Q. Did any body come in, and claim these goods? - We kept the property till the officer came down, and we took them up before the magistrate, and the woman was delivered to the constable.


                  Q. 
               


            Who has kept the property from that time to this? - I don't know; it was taken away by the officer at night, and he has never returned it to us.


                  WILLIAM
                   HANSON
               



             sworn.
On the 12th of December last, Thursday, I was standing at the office door in Lambeth-street, Whitechapel, there was a mob of people bringing the prisoner up, and they told me to take charge of her. I asked, what she had been doing? and they told me; and I was told where the property was; I went to the pawnbroker's, and he desired me to take the property away, as they had not taken it to pledge; it was that boy, (John Dillon) that gave me the property. I have kept it ever since; here are two sheets, one blanket, and one gown.
Prosecutrix. The woollen blanket is mine, I bought it, and paid for it, there is no mark on it. I can swear it to be my blanket, because it is mine; I lost it that day and hour; the sheets are mine; my name is not on them; I can swear them to be mine. The gown is my own, I have wore it; I put it out to be forebodied, and sleeved, it is mine, I can swear to it.
Prisoner. All that I have got to say, is I lodged with this woman, and I was to pay a shilling a week for my lodging; my husband went to sea from me about a month ago, and I fetched these things to lay on the floor, them two sheets and blanket; and I being out in the country for a month, and when I came back, she would not give me the things; she had a guinea of mine, and I could not get the money from her; and so I was a little in liquor, and I went and took the things, as she would not let me be there. The pawnbroker seeing I was in liquor, he had some suspicion of me; so there was a croud gathered together about me, and alarmed, and made a piece of work, that I stole these here things; and this woman comes and owns these things, that they were her's. I had things taken from me by that woman several times. She took a linen gown from me, that I gave seven shillings and six-pence for, in Rag Fair, and she gave me that old gown there to put on, which is all tore. I being a stranger, she wanted to do me out of every thing that I had.
Mrs. Skinner. I never saw her in my life with my eyes, till I saw her in the pawnbroker's. I never knew her husband, nor she.
Prisoner. Before I had these things of her, I took off my cap from my head and handkerchief off my neck, and gave to her.
Court to Buckney. Are you acquainted with Mrs. Skinner at all? - No, my lord.
Q. Do you happen to know any thing of this woman or her husband? - I am entirely a stranger.
Prisoner. I have got no friend in the world except God almighty and myself.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
