





394. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     JENNINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of May
, two guineas and four half-guineas, the property of 
                     
                        

                                 Thomas 
                                 Hopkins
                              









                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John
                         Cooke
                     



.


                  THOMAS
                   HOPKINS
               



             sworn. - I am a mariner

, I keep a house at Falmouth, in Cornwall; I metwith the prisoner last Wednesday evening, in Chick-lane; I agreed to lay with her all night.
Q. Were you drunk or sober? - A. I was rather in liquor, but I was sensible. I went with her to her lodgings in Chick-lane


.
Q. Do you know, of your own knowledge, whose house it was? - A. No. I undrest and went to bed with her between eleven and twelve o'clock; I was not in bed above an hour, but I had fell fast asleep; I had two guineas and four half guineas, and I tied it up in my fob pocket. I looked at my money when I undressed; she told me there was no occasion for me to look at my money, for it would be perfectly safe; and then she locked the door. There was a man, who slept in the next room, knocked against the wainscot, and told me, my wife was gone, and to look at my money; I looked for my money, and the fob was cut out of the breeches, and the money gone, and she too; I immediately called the watchman, and he came up with a light, and examined the bed, but could not find any thing; the watchman and I went down stairs in search of the prisoner, and found her next door but one; we searched her, but could not find any other money but what I gave her, that was three shillings and sixpence.
Q. Were you sober enough to know that it was the same woman? - A. Yes.
Q. In whose company did you find her? - A. There was a man and some women in the room with her.
Q. What did you know her by? - A. By a stain in her face; I am positive she is the same person.


                  JOHN
                   KEENE
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: About a quarter after eleven, the prisoner and the prosecutor were coming up Field-lane, and he asked me if I would call him up, to go with the Exeter coach; he asked me if I would have any thing to drink, and we went into a house the corner of Chick-lane, and had a glass of rum a piece, then we parted; I saw him go with the prisoner to her lodgings. About twelve, a man called the prisoner down stairs, and she came down stairs almost naked; I said to her, if you are going to have another man, how am I to call that man in the morning; and I desired her to go in doors, and she would not; she went along with the man that called her out to the next door but one; about a quarter of an hour after that, the landlord called to me for a light, and said, there was a man robbed in the house; the prosecutor called to me, and I took him to the next door but one; I searched the bed, but could not find any thing. I then took her into custody, and carried her to the watch-house; the officer of the night searched her, but there was nothing found upon her but three shillings and sixpence.
Q. Did you see the prosecutor's breeches? - A. Yes; he told me where they were cut.
Q. Q. Do you know who keeps this house? - A. Yes, Mr. Cook, a shoe-maker.
Q. What is his Christian name? - A. I believe John, I am not quite sure.
Prisoner. Q. Did you ever know me charged with any thing of the kind before? - A. Never; she was always very quiet when she walked along the street.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing of his money, I never saw it.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 39s
            . (Aged 21).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
