





263. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NEW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 15th of February
 two mens hats, value 15s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Nock
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   NOCK
               



             sworn.
I live in Castle alley, Whitechapel


. I bought two hats with Mr. Plastow, in Leadenball-street, they came home to me on the 15th of February, I was not in the way when they came home, I did not see the hats, I never see them at all.


                  WILLIAM
                   PLASTOW
               



            , junior, sworn.
On the 15th of February I carried two hats home to Mr. Nock's, I delivered them to Mrs Nock, one was for Mr. Nock, and the other for his son.
Q. What is his son, a boy? - Yes. As I went down the alley with the hats, I observed a boy in the alley, behind me; the hats were in two boxes, when I was delivering in of the hats, he went by the door, when I came into Whitechapel again, he was behind me again, and he followed me home from there; our house is in Leadenhall-street. About eleven o'clock we heard from Mr. Nock, he enquired whether we had sent the hats home? we said we had sent them home; he said we had not, since we sent for them back.
Q. How near your house did you see the boy? - I saw him at Mr. Lane's, the bookseller's, three doors from our house.
Q. Now you had not sent for these hats at all back, had you? - No.

Q. Did you see any thing of the hats again? - Not after I delivered them.
Q. Who was that boy
? - The prisoner at the bar.
Q. How soon afterwards did you see him again? - On the 1st of March, I see him by chance at the Exchange, I was going to Piccadilly, and going by Exchange-alley, I see the boy, and a man with him; I recollected he was the boy directly as I passed him, he turned about and looked at me, and I did at him, and he turned up Exchange-alley.
Q. You had not seen him before this 15th of February to your knowledge? - Not to my knowledge; I directly followed him and collared him, and brought him to Mr Plastow's, and from thence we took him to Mr. Nock's, and from thence to the police office, and then Mr. Nock appeared in the evening at the examination, he did not see the boy before; I am very certain to the boy.
Q. Was he in the same dress when you saw him in Exchange-alley, as when he followed you? - Yes, in the same dress.
ELIZABETH WETHERALL sworn.
I live with Mr. Nock; about ten minutes or a quarter after master 
               
                  William
                   Plastow
               



             had been with the hats, this here boy came and said that he was Mr. Plastow's servant.
Q. Did you see the hats brought? - No.
Q. Did you see Master Plastow at the house? - No.
Q. What day was it? - On the 15th of February, I cannot rightly tell what time of the day.
Q. Did you open the door to the prisoner? - No, the door was open; he says if you please when my master sends the hats, you will be so kind to send them back again, for he has made a mistake; and he asked my mistress to let him look at the hats; I was present and he took the hats out of the box one by one, and looked at them.
Q. Who looked at them? - The prisoner, and he said there was no name inside of them; and my mistress asked him what difference it could make, there being no name inside of them; he said if you please I will take them back; and my mistress let him take the hats.
Q. Did he say whom he came from, and who he belonged to? - No, that was all he said.
Q. Did he take them away? - Yes.
Q. How am I to reconcile this evidence of your's; that he said when Mr. Plastow sends the hats; and his asking your mistress to let him look at the hats? - My mistress told him that Mr. Plastow had sent the hats, and then he desired to look at them.
Q. Then he came as if coming from Mr. Plastow? - Yes.
Q. When did you see him again, after he carried away the hats? - I see him the 1st of of March again, when he was taken.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the boy? - Yes.
Court to Plastow. Had that boy any thing at all to do about that house? - No, I am certain of it.
Q. Who came from Mr. Nock at eleven o'clock at night? - Mr. Nock's son came to know why we had not sent the hats.
Court to Nock. How came you to send to Mr. Plastow's? - My wife told me that there had been a boy had come for the hats, from Mr. Plastow, because he had made a mistake, and I left it alone till eleven o'clock, when I sent to Mr. Plastow.
Prisoner. As I was going to the Exchange I saw that young gentleman; and and he comes directly after me, and hallooes out stop thief, and he comes up and laid hold of me.
GUILTY. (Aged 15.)




               Transported for seven years
            .




               Recommended by the Jury on account of his youth
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before
Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
