





340. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     GOODWIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 9th of June
, a silver watch, value 40s. a steel watch chain, value 6d. a base metal watch key, value 6d. a pair of men's silk stockings, value 2s. and one shilling and six halfpence, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Daley
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  PETER
                   DALEY
               



             sworn.
On the 8th of June I had been at a friend's house; I stopped there till past twelve o'clock; I live in Wild-street, Lincoln's Inn Fields.
Q. Where was your friend's house? - In-street, Clare Market. I met Esther Jackson in the street, I went home with her, and she wanted some money for sleeping with her, I was not satisfied to give her any that night, she and I rather disagreed there, and she sent the prisoner at the bar in to me; I did not see her before she came into the room, and wanted money of me, I did not like to give her money at that time, till the morning, and I lay on the bed with my clothes on; I soon fell asleep, I was not very sober, nor yet very drunk; I had my recollection so as to know what passed. When I waked in the morning I missed my watch, and my money out of my pocket, and a pair of silk stockings out of my coat pocket. I awoke about three or four o'clock, my clothes were on me; I missed also some money.
Q. Was all your money gone? - No.
Q. How much was missing? - One shilling and three-pence.
Q. And how much left? - Seven shillings and six-pence. They were in the room when I awoke, cursing and swearing, asking how I came there?


                  Q. 
               


            Who were they swearing at? - At me, for being there. They each of them denied knowing any thing of my coming there; and then I had them taken to the watch-house, and gave charge of one, and not the other; I gave charge of Esther Jackson. I had her to Bow-street in the morning; I could not swear that she took the watch out, but I lost the watch in the room in her company. I heardno more of it till Mr. Gastrel, the constable informed me of it. I have seen it since at Bow-street.


                  ROGER
                   GASTREL
               



             sworn.
I produce a watch.
Prosecutor. This watch was made for me; I know the maker's name and number.
Gastrel. I am the constable. I had this watch of Mr. Peacock, a publican, who keeps the King's-head, in Wych-street. The prisoner, 
               
                  Esther
                   Jackson
               



            , quarrelled with the prosecutor, and I had a warrant to execute against Jackson, and that was how I found out where the watch was.


                  JOHN
                   PEACOCK
               



             sworn.
I keep the King's-head, in Wych-street, On the 19th of June, Whitsun Monday, the prisoner came to my house in the morning, about half an hour after eight she came in and called for a pint of purl, which I made her. There were several people there; I suppose as many as a dozen. She took the watch out of her pocket, and asked if any of them wanted to buy a watch, she had got one to sell; they took and looked at it, most of them round the tap-room; she asked two guineas for it; and none would give her the money. Then she came to me, and asked me if I wanted it; she said it was her own, at least her husband's, a person, that she called her husband, a young man that was a carpenter, but at that time had enlisted for a soldier, he called at my house the night before; he went away for Staffordshire; and she said that he had given her the duplicate of the watch, and she had been this morning to get it out of pawn, and she thought she could make more of it than letting it be there, and she seemed much distressed for want of her clothes. I laid her down a guinea and a half upon the table for it, before all the people that were there; I looked at the watch before I bought it, and saw Mr. Perigal's name on it, and said, I knew Mr. Perigal; and I took the watch to Mr. Perigal's that evening; and he said he made it for one Daley. I bought the watch of the prisoner.


                  ESTHER
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner very well; I know nothing of the watch. I was informed by the old woman Murphy what became of the watch, and that was the way we found which way it was made away with. I never saw the watch in my life till I saw it in Mr. Gastrel's hands.
Prisoner. This woman was in my apartment, and was in trouble, and sent for me, and gave me this watch to make money of, and I carried her the guinea and half back again. I never saw it in my life till Mr. Gastrel had it in his possession; the time that the watch was sold I was in custody for it in Tothillfields.




               GUILTY. (Aged 32.) Of stealing; but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
