





34. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HUNTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of August
, fifteen yards of callico, value 15s. twenty-four yards of napkeen value 1l. 14s. three quarters of a yard of woolen cloth, value 4s. three quarters of a yard of kerseymere, value 6s. a yard of linen cloth, value 1s. 4d. two dozen of coat buttons, value 1s. a quarter of a pound weight of silk and twist, value 5s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Morrison
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE
                   MORRISON
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor
.
Q. Were the articles stolen from you at any time? - Yes.
Q. When? - I cannot say, whether a a week or a month, the prisoner was employed as a foreman
 in my business.
Q. When do you conceive you lost these things? - In the month of May.
Q. Was he living with you at any time? - Yes, regularly and duly, he came to me in the year 1793.
Q. You did not see them in the hands of the prisoner at all. Have you ever seen the property since? - the person from the police office who took him up, found a quantity of duplicates in his room.
Q. I ask you, have you ever seen any of your property again? - No, not till -
Q. When? - On the 5th of November last, at the police office Queen-square, Westminster.
Q. Was the prisoner under examination at that time? - He was.
Q. Have you any thing more to say about it? - No. What led to suspicion was from what my apprentice before informed me.
Mr. Knapp. These things were lost in May and found in November? - Yes; I missed them first in May, and I missed them month after month, different articles.
Q. And you found them in November? - I saw them in November.

Q. You did not see them till November? - I certainly did not.


                  WILLIAM
                   LYON
               



             sworn.
I act us a clerk to Mr. Morrison.
Q. Do you know whether any property has been stolen from him at any time? - Yes.
Q. When was it? - During the months of May, June, and July.
Q. Have you ever found any of that property? - They have been found at the pawnbrokers; I went with Mr. Morrison and the constable and identified his property; one of the pawnbroker's names is Watson, the corner of Harman-street, and the other was 
               
                  Henry
                   Turner
               



             and Co.
Q. I suppose you have seen that property that has been produced? - Yes.
Mr. Knapp. What are you? - A clerk to Mr. Morrison.
Q. A taylor's clerk, that is a new fort of a character -.
Prosecutor. Your lordship asked me when I saw these things; I do not recollect that; I went to the pawnbroker's and there I saw them first.


                  WILLIAM
                   MESSENGER
               



             sworn.
I am a constable belonging to the police office in Queen-square. I apprehended the prisoner at the bar, and I searched his lodging room, the 5th of November last, I do not remember the day of the week. I apprehended him in the room between twelve and one o'clock; I found in a drawer between thirty and forty duplicates, eight of them belonged to this taylor. I went about with Mr. Morrison to the different pawnbrokers, and they from the duplicates produced the property that were then in pledge, which Mr. Morrison swore to be his.
Mr. Knapp. All you know is, that you went to a room where you found Hunter, the prisoner, and there you found these duplicates in a room? - He was not dressed at the time, he had not his things on, only part of them.


                  EDWARD
                   SWAINE
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker's servant; I produce a waistcoat, a piece of nankeen, five yards and a half, and a pair of nankeen breeches. I gave a duplicate on each of them; they were pawned separate by a person of the name of Hunter.
Q. Do you mean to swear to the person of the prisoner? - No, I do not know that it was the person of the prisoner.
Q. What day was it? - The waistcoat was pledged the 21st of August; the five yards and a half of nankeen was pledged on the 3d of September; the nankeen breeches on the 21st of October.
Court to Messenger. Separate those duplicates that belongs to this gentleman's property.
Q. To Swaine. See if you can find the duplicates that belong to these things? - Yes, here are three of these duplicates that match them.
Mr. Knapp. You say that these duplicates correspond one with the other? - They do.
Q. But you told the gentlemen of the jury that the person whoever it was you do not know? - I do not.
Q. Therefore whether it was this 
               
                  William
                   Hunter
               



            , or any other 
               
                  William
                   Hunter
               



            , you cannot tell. Do you know when the prisoner was apprehended? - I think in November.
Q. The things were pawned in September? - Yes, in September and October.
Q. So that there was, I believe, a month or five or six weeks between the time they were pawned and the prisoner was apprehended? - Yes.


                  JOHN
                   BRIDGEN
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker's servant, in Parliament-street.

I produce five yards of nankeen pawned the 12th of June last, in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Hunter
               



            .
Q. Can you swear who pawned them? I cannot.
Q. Have you any thing else? - A pair of nankeen breeches, pawned the 19th of July, by 
               
                  William
                   Hunter
               



            .
Q. Do you mean to speak to any person? - I cannot.
Q. Any thing else? - Another piece of nankeen breeches, in the name of John Hunter.
Q. Who pawned it? - I cannot say now the time is so long, it was the 12th of August last.
Q. Any thing else? - A waistcoat.
Q. What sort of a waistcoat? - It appears to me to be a Casimere waistcoat, pawned the 14th of October, by John Hunter, in his name, I recollect his person very well, but I cannot positively swear to taking any things of him, it is so long since.
Mr. Knapp. Then from this circumstance having took place so long ago it is impossible for you to identify the person? - I cannot.
Q. It was in June, July, August and October? - Yes.
Q. But with respect to the first article it was pledged by a woman, Mary Hunter? - It was.
Court. You said just now that these things were pledged by 
               
                  Mary
                   Hunter
               



            ? - Can you say that 
               
                  Mary
                   Hunter
               



             did pledge them, or pledged in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Hunter
               



            ? - In the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Hunter
               



            .


                  JOHN
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Battersea a pawnbroker, I produce a cotton Waistcoat.
Q. Is it callico? - It is called cotton.
Q. Is it not callico? - No.
Q. To Bridgen. Look at these duplicates and see if any answer to your things? - Yes, these is the ticket of the nankeen in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Hunter
               



            .
Q. How many of your duplicates are they there? - Four in all.
Q. And they correspond with your duplicates? - They do.
Q. To Morrison. Will you be so good as to look at that piece of nankeen, can you swear to that? - No, I cannot.
Q. Is there any other article you can swear to? - The articles are not all here, there is some stripped waistcoats, I mean two callico Waistcoats.
Q. To Brown. How many waistcoats do you produce? - One.
Q. To Swaine. How many do you produce? - I produce a waistcoat.
Court to Brown. Who did you get the waistcoat from? - I cannot swear to the prisoner, that I took it from him; it was in the name of John Hunter, he has a brother in the name of 
               
                  John
                   Hunter
               



            .
Q. Can you say who pawned it at all? - No, I cannot.
Q. When was it? - The 20th of August.
Q. Look at the duplicates, and see if there is any duplicates of your's among these eight duplicates? - Yes, one.
Q. To Swaine. What do you produce now? - A callico waistcoat, I see it is new.
Q. By whom pawned? - By a person of the name of William Hunter.
Q. Can you speak to the person of the man? - No, I cannot, it was on the 21st of August.
Q. See if there is any duplicates that corresponds with that? - Yes, there is one that corresponds with the ticket I have.
Court to Prosecutor, Is there any thing but these callico waistcoats, that you know of? speak to them first? - These callico waistcoats were made of my goods, being outside, I bought the whole piece of this callico, at an wholesale house in the city; and when I used it almost, to a very short length, I applied to get some more exactly of the same pattern, and tried atevery shop in the city, and at both ends of the town; but I could not get any.
Q. Was that in your shop at the time the prisoner was there? - Yes, and he had it himself in his own care; here is a piece that my clerk brought this morning, the remainder of the piece. The prisoner at the bar, told Mr. Serjeant Kirby (which I am sorry to say) that he took them.
Q. Was his examination taken in writing at that time? - We were then in the office I believe, his examination had been taken down, and then the examination was brought in; I believe the whole is my property, I have strong reason to say so; I bought fifty pieces in an wholesale house in the city, in one lot, in the month of May last, these fifty pieces were of the best match I ever saw, all of one shade or one colour. The place in my cutting shop where I keep them, there were nobody had so much access as myself, the clerk, and the prisoner at the bar; but from this room were lost thirteen pieces; the prisoner at the bar, has sold some in my workshop.
Q. Was that in your presence? - It was not, but I can produce a witness that was present.
Q. Will the witness speak to any property in this indictment? - Yes, as to the nankeen; (an apprentice of mine is in the court) but if your Lordship will please to hear me, if the gentlemen of the jury will please to look at the nankeens, which the prisoner has made up into garments, they will see if they are not all of one colour or not. Now here is a piece I have brought from home. Here is a black casimere waistcoat, the front part of it; that I verify believe has been in my shop these five years, the back part is of solicia woolen cloth.
Mr. Knapp. First of all Mr. Morrison, as to the callico, or cotton waistcoats: Which are they callico, or cotton? - Some people call them cotton, and some callico, but speaking strictly, they are callico.
Q. They are a very common pattern Mr. Morrison? - They are common.
Q. You bought a considerable quantity from a considerable warehouse in the city? - I did.
Q. There was other pieces, when you bought that of that pattern; When did you go back to that house? - It might be two months, I cannot tell to a week or two.
Q. Two months! Perhaps you had not been after this two months? - Yes, I had on an average, every week.
Q. This is so common a pattern, that many warehouses might have just the same sort of pattern; you do not mean to say, that they might not of course? - I do not.
Q. Now with respect to the nankeen; Is it English nankeen? - It is India nankeen.
Q. You are, I presume, in a considerable line of business? - As much, as that I make shift to live by what I do.
Q. You have at this time a considerable quantity of nankeen, as a taylor? - I have not.
Q. Have you any at this time? - Yes, I have a half-piece, but not of this sort.
Q. Have you bought any nankeen since you bought that? - I have not.
Q. How much nankeen had you in the house when you missed that? - I cannot say how many yards, nor how many pieces exactly; they were in the cutting shop in another room.
Q. Were they taken out regularly by the prisoner at the bar? - Yes, and myself as we wanted them.
Q. Now this black casimere waistcoat, there is nothing particular in it? - Only in the back of it, which I had the piecein my possession for this five years.
Court to Lion. Look at the callico? - This callico, is the same piece which Mr. Morrison had in his possession, I am certain that Mr. Morrison had a peice of it in his house, and that a remnant, which no remains, corresponds exactly with it. On his examination in Queen's Square, he acknowledged it.
Court. The examination, I understand was taken in writing, therefore we cannot hear that: Can you say any thing to the nankeens? - Mr. Morrison had a great quantity of it in the house; and to my certain knowledge there were thirteen pieces taken out of his house, I have every reason to believe it is the same nankeen, they correspond with those he had in the house, and as such I believe it to be Mr. Morrison's property, they correspond in colour and quality.
Q. Now as for the waistcoat? - The back which is in this waistcoat, has been in Mr. Morrison's house, to my certain knowledge, two or three years; it is Solicia cloth, for pockets: Mr. Morrison, had several pieces of the same in his house, it is a very common cloth.
Mr. Knapp. That Mr. Morrison has lost all the property contained in his indictment, I admit; but of all this property that has been mentioned, do you mean to say, that no other taylor in any other part of the town, of eminence equal to Mr. Morrison, might not have such? - He might have such callico, and such casimere waistcoats.
Q. And every other article that is here, there is nothing peculiar to any one of the articles that is here produced; that any other taylor might not have? - Certainly not.
Prisoner. I leave every thing to my counsel.


                  GEORGE
                   EGERTON
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor in Crown-street, Westminster, as to the nankeens they are common in all the shops that deal in nankeen.
Q. As to the common callico, is that a common calico or is it not? - It is made use of commonly for waistcoats.
Q. Are not all the goods in the common course of trade to be found in taylors shops? - Yes.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner at the bar? - Four or five years, he worked with me two or three years.
Q. How long ago is that? - About three years.
Q. What was his character? - A very good one; and I recommended him to my son, I never knew any thing but sobriety and honesty of him from my son.
Court. Mr. Morrison, has said that that callico is a common thing? - I cannot say with respect to the pattern.
Q. Mr. Morrison has sworn, that he and his servant has been every where enquiring for these goods, and he could not find the pattern at all: Now I ask you, whether you believe that to be true? - I cannot say as to the pattern.
Q. Then if you cannot say as to the pattern it may be uncommon? - It may or may not, I do not know that I ever saw the pattern exactly.
The prisoner called two more witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex jury before Mr. RECORDER.
