





558. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of September
, a wooden trunk, covered with leather, value 1s. six glass bottles, value 6d. two stone jars, value 2d. four quarts of preserved mulberries, value 4s. six quarts of ketchup, value 6s. a linen shirt, value 6s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 1s. and a linen handkerchief, value 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  Ewen 
                  Cameron
               




            .


                  WILLIAM
                   NIXON
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Ewen Cameron.
Q. Did your master lose a wooden trunk at any time? - Yes.
Q. Were all these articles in this indictment in the trunk? - Yes.
Q. How were they lost? - I am the groom; I was driving through St. Paul's Church yard last Tuesday was a week, a one horse chaise.
Q. Where was this box that contained all these things? - It was strapped behind with two straps, not patent straps, and one of the witnesses called after me, John Hayes, and said I had lost my trunk. I turned back and went into Mr. Baylis's, the linen draper, in St. Paul's Churchyard, and there I saw my trunk.
Q. Had the trunk been opened when you saw it there? - It was open when I came there.
Q. Do you know what was done with it? - It was given to the constable.


                  JOHN
                   HAYES
               



             sworn.
I am a lighterman. As I was coming home from the other end of the town, coming up Ludgate hill, I heard a whistle, between seven and eight in the evening, looking about I saw a chaise going along something hanging underneath.
Q. Was it dark? - It was. I observed something under the chaise, which I supposed to be a basket; and behind was a trunk, and at the same time I see the prisoner run by, on the curb, on the foot way, and my fellow servant says to me, let us go after him, and see what he is after; his name is Joseph Thomas; and the prisoner made up to the chaise, and my fellow servant went and took hold of him, and sent me to call the chaise, and I went and stopped the chaise, and returned back to Mr. William Baylis's door; I gave notice to the groom.
Q. Did you see any things done to the trunk at all? - No.
Q. Where did you first see the trunk? - Coming up Ludgate-hill, behind the chaise.
Q. After that did you observe any body take it from behind the chaise? - Yes, I observed William Morgan take it from behind the chaise; I see him when he had the trunk.
Q. When he ran by the curb had he the trunk then? - No. The prisoner made up to the chaise, and took the trunk from behind the chaise; I see him do that.
Q. After he took the trunk from the chaise, did you at all lose sight of him? - No.
Q. What did he do with the trunk? - He let it fall to the ground just as he was laid hold of, in the middle of the road.
Q. Was he then taken? - Yes.
Q. What was done with the trunk? - It was carried into Mr. Baylis's shop, and my fellow servant had hold of him; he let it fall to the ground by the weight of it, and rose with it again.


                  JOSEPH
                   THOMAS
               



             sworn.
I am a lighterman; I was with Hayes, coming up Ludgate-hill


, I heard a whistle, and looking about I saw a chaise with something underneath, which I supposed to be a basket, and a trunk behind; at the same time the prisoner went by me on the curb; I instantly says to my fellow servant, let us see what he is after. I ran after the prisoner, and see the prisoner run across the way to the end of Ludgate-hill, after the chaise; I see the prisoner take the trunk from behind the chaise, and I got to his back; he dropped it with the weight, he was getting up to make off with it, and I collared him, and took the prisoner and property into Mr. Neale's and Baylis's, in St. Paul's Church-yard; Mr. Neale was there himself at the time.


                  Q. 
               


            Did the groom come in? - Yes, he came in afterwards.


                  Q. 
               


            Did he claim the property when he came in? - Yes, he did; it was delivered them in charge of the officer, William Wetterall. It broke open with the fall.
Prisoner. This man said at Guildhall, as how I cut it down from behind the chaise? - I did not see him cut it.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you say so? - No.


                  ROBERT
                   WETTERALL
               



             sworn.
I got this trunk from Mr. Neale's and Baylis's, I was sent for there, and the prisoner and my trunk was delivered, the trunk was delivered to me; I have kept it ever since.
Q. Were these witnesses there, the other two lads? - Yes. We went out afterwards and found these two belts in the highway; they are not cut, they were unbuckled.
Q. Who found the straps there? - The groom.
Q. To Nixon. Did you find the straps? - Yes.
Q. Is that your master's box? - Yes.
Q. Is that the box that you carried with you? - Yes; I saw it open at Baylis's; I did not see particularly what was in it; I did not pack it up.
Q. To Thomas. Did you look into the the trunk at Baylis's? - I did; there were six bottles of mushroom ketchup, one shirt, a pair of cotton stockings, and a linen handkerchief.
Q. To Nixon. At the time you received it from Mr. Cameron, had you ever opened it at all, or changed the the things that were in the box? - No.
Q. At what time of the day did you receive it? - About a quarter after three in the afternoon.


                  Q. 
               


            Where is Mr. Cameron's house? - Five miles beyond Watford.
Q. Where was it to be carried? - To New London-street.
Prisoner. As I was coming from Half Moon-street, Piccadilly, I made all the haste home I could, I am lame; I cannot run as fast as that chaise went; and as I was coming round St. Paul's, I saw that trunk in the road, and I went and took hold of it, and that young man said, I wanted to steal it, and I took it afterwards to Mr. Neale and Baylis's glass shop.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before.
Mr. RECORDER.
