





47. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  MOORE
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of November
, two pewter quart pots, value 3s. 6d. and four pewter pint pots, value 4s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Blake
               




            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BLAKE
               



             sworn. - I keep the Star, No. 31, Aldersgate-street




: On the 16th of November, I lost two quart and four pint pots; I had seen the prisoner in the house two or three times that day, I saw her about four o'clock, and I saw her again at six; I do not know any thing of her taking the pots, I suspected her, and followed her to her lodgings, to enquire for a quart pot of mine that I had missed; I charged her with taking that pot, and she denied it; I looked round, and I found a pot and a pint concealed in the bed; I looked in another part of the room, and found another quart and a pint concealed separately; I sent for an officer, and I saw him find two pint pots, one was in a frying-pan, in the corner; the pots are in Court, they have all my name upon them, except one, which was a pot belonging to a customer of mine.
THOMAS PHIPPS sworn. - (Produces the pots.) I am a constable; I found these pots at the prisoner's lodgings, and this large lump of pewter in a melted state, (produces it;) there are five of the pots marked with Mr. Blake's name, the other is a plain pot with a mark of a star upon the side; I found two of the pots in the chimney corner, by the side of this frying-pan, (producing it;) I desired Blake to hold her while I searched, and she made her escape from him; when I apprehended her that same evening, she said, she melted pewter did not belong to her, she did not know how it came there; I found out a sort of cupboard, and I went into it upon all fours, and at the other side there was a door into another room, and a man came up, and asked me what I wanted there.
Q. Do you know the man? - A. Yes; he is a news-carrier, he has lived there twelve years, I know him very well.
Q. Do you know of your own knowledge, that they are separate apartments? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN
                   HALESWORTH
               



             sworn. - I am a porter: I was with the last witness when he apprehended the prisoner, both times, I was present when these things were found.


                  THOMAS
                   BROWN
               



             sworn. - I am a victualler: I know nothing at all of the circumstances, except that there were four of my pots found in a privy adjoining this woman's house. (The pots were deposed to by the prosecutor).
Blake. I missed, in the course of that fortnight, three dozen and upwards of pots; these are almost new pots.
Prisoner's defence. I have dealt with Mr. Blake for spirituous liquors, and porter and twopenny, for ten years; the house is full of lodgers, and I have no key to my room; there was no hole through to the next room till Phipps broke a way through.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
