





73. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BROOMFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of December
, seven pounds of raw sugar, value 3s.
             the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Sabine
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Wagner
                  



               
            , 
               
                  Timothy 
                  Holland
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Henton
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Jonas 
                     Deane
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taylor
                  



               
            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Knight
               



            , 
               
                  Henry 
                  Winpus
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Brooke
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  England
               



            .
JONAS DEANE sworn.
I know nothing about this business, but from information.
- STEELE sworn.
I am a day-labourer: I was weighing off some sugar, in the first story of the warehouse in Galleyquay


; we went up into the third story to weigh off; I missed a fourteen pounds weight; I went down to the first story, to look for the fourteen pounds weight, and saw the prisoner lying himself down between two hogsheads of sugar, with a hat full of sugar under his arm; he tried to hide it as well ashe could; a part of the hogshead of sugar was knocked in; I asked him what business he had there; he made no answer; I pulled him from between the hogsheads of sugar; I bid him go down stairs, took his hat from him, and put the sugar into the hogshead; I pushed him down, he was loath to go; I said, go down stairs, you have no business here; he went down; I went to my work; a little while after, looking out, I saw the prisoner cross the street to a lone house, where the door was opened.
Q. Was that where the prisoner was taken? - A. Yes? my master bid the keeper give a look out, to see him come out; a few minutes after, I saw him on the leads of the house, where they dry cloaths; I said, there is the man I saw with the sugar; I will swear to him; then my master sent over a man, who took hold of him, and found more sugar about him.
Q. Are you sure this is the man? - A. I am certain this is the man: when I wished him to go down, he said, give me my hat; and pretended to be drunk.
Q. Was he drunk? - A. No; I believe he was sober enough.
WILLIAM GREEN sworn.
I am an officer: I was sent for, on Wednesday the 23d, to take take charge of this man, in the house where he was taken; I searched him, and this sugar tied round his middle, under his apron; I went over, with the gangsman, into the warehouse; I found another hogshead knocked in, took some sugar out, and found it to be the same sort as the sample I took out of the hogshead; he behaved very ill when I apprehended him; this is the sugar,(producing it).
Jury. Q. How do you know it to be the same sort of sugar, by the taste, or look? - A. By the look.


                  JAMES
                   MILLS
               



             sworn.
I am a warehouse-keeper: On the 23d of December I was called out of a warehouse opposite that the sugar was supposed to be taken from; and was told the prisoner was in an empty house, upon the top of the leads; I went there; he was then come down to another story, and pretended to be much in liquor; I saw the sugar taken from him.
- DEANE sworn.
I am a gangsman.
Q. Who do these warehouses belong to? - A. Collings and Johnson.
Q. Who have the care of the things in it? - A. Me and my partners; there are ten of us.
Q. Are you answerable for things in those warehouses? - A. We are; I know nothing of the transaction but what was related by Steole; he called me down; it is like the sugar that came out of the hogshead; but as sugar is so much alike, I cannot positively swear it came out of that hogshead.
Prisoner's defence. I never took it from them; I never belonged to them; a keeper called me to roll nine hogsheads into Water-lane; he told me to scrape the hogshead; there was a little sugar I might have for my trouble; I scraped this out of the hogshead, and put it into the handkerchief; this man came into the house where I was, and took me into custody, and charged me with stealing the sugar.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.




[Transportation. See summary.]


