





107. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of January
, a flannel petticoat, trimmed with linen, value 5s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Prince
               




            .
MARTHA PRINCE sworn. - I am the wife of 
               
                  William
                   Prince
               



            , I live in Great Woodstock-street


; I had hung up my flannel petticoat in the front area, I had been washing on Thursday the 4th of this month, I hung it out about three o'clock in the afternoon, I missed it about eight in the evening; a witness, who is here, detected the prisoner in taking it, he was taken and brought into the shop by Joseph Wilson, he had dropped the petticoat into the area again.


                  JOSEPH
                   WILSON
               



             sworn. - I am a publican, I live in High-street, St. Mary-le-bonne; about twenty minutes before eight o'clock, going past the corner of Great Woodstock-street, I saw the prisoner, and another man with him, standing at the corner; I did not take much notice of them at that time, till I returned in about ten minutes for some more porter, when I saw the prisoner and the other standing in the same position as they were before; I went home and got some more porter, I live about 100 yards from the place, I had got a pot and three pints of beer, as I was going back again, Mr. Prince's is the corner house, the other man that was with the prisoner, was then standing by the corner, by himself, I saw the prisoner with this line and hook to it, (the book was made with the prongs of a fork, with the points turned up;) I saw him pulling something up out of the area, I went close to him, I heard him say to his partner, d-n me, Tom, I have got it, supposing me to be his companion, I waited a bit, and saw the petticoat come up to the iron rails, I saw that it was flannel, but did not know it was a petticoat, the iron rails lie flat, he had got it just above the iron rails; I then asked him what he was about, and told him, I was sure he had no business there; he kept winding up the line, and I immediately took him by the collar, he then immediately let go the line, and the petticoat, line and hook went into the area; I secured him, and the other man immediately ran away; I took him into the shop, and Mrs. Prince went down into the area, and brought up the petticoat, we could not find the line upon the prisoner, and we thought he had made away with it, but it was found the next morning in the area, and given to me; I asked him what he was, and he said, he was a silversmith, how could we think of his doing such a thing.
Q. Were you near enough to undertake to say, that it was a flannel petticoat? - A. I can swear it was flannel, and I saw him let it fall.
HENRY BATES sworn. - I belong to St. Mary-le-bonne watch-house; the prisoner was brought into the watch-house by Wilson, and two of our watchmen, on the 4th of this month, with apetticoat wet, (produces it); I have had it ever since.
Q.(To Mrs. Prince.) You did not see the petticoat picked up? - A. No, the landlady of the house picked it up; she is not here.
Q.Were all the things, that had been washed, your clothes? - A. Yes; an under waistcoat of my husband's.
Q. Your petticoat, of course, would be larger than the waistcoat? - A. Yes; the waistcoat was remaining upon the line when I went to take the rest of the linen in, which was as soon as I had recovered the alarm; the clothes hung within two yards of the top. (The petticoat deposed to by the prosecutrix).
The prisoner said, in his defence, that as he was going past the house he was apprehended.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
