





282. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BUTCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for feloniously 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, in the parish of St. Clement's Danes, one silver table-spoon, value 5 s. two silver tea-spoons, value 2 s. one linen towel, value 12 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Watson
                  




               
            .


Mrs.
 WATSON sworn.
I live at the Angel-inn, the back of St. Clement's


: on the eleventh of this month, I suspected the prisoner, having missed a number of things before: the prisoner was my servant
, and had lived with me not quite three months; I examined her box; she opened it herself; I found a number of articles, and amongst the rest, a towel; I examined her person afterwards, and found under her cap, a table spoon in her hair: I have got the table spoon, and kept it ever since.
(Deposed to.)


                  GEORGE
                   TAPP
               



             sworn.
I live at Mr. Watson's: the prisoner went out of our yard on the 11th of February, after she was searched by my mistress; she went down to a vine vaults to get some refreshment; and when she came out, she gave me this huswife; and the duplicates are in it; I carried them to the bar; she gave them to me to let her go about her business; I told her she had better come and settle with my mistress: my mistress took them.
Mrs. Watson. Tapp brought the duplicates to me; and I carried them before Justice Bond; and he summoned the pawnbrokers, Hawkins and Sowerby.
Mr. HAWKINS sworn.
I am a pawnbroker: on the 11th of December, a tea-spoon for fifteen-pence was pawned at my shop; (the tea-spoon produced); I am not sure the prisoner at the bar is the person.
Is that the duplicate you gave? - Yes.
Tapp. I did not look at any of them.
Mrs. Watson. I can swear they are the very duplicates I took out of the huswife.


                  THOMAS
                   SOWERBY
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker: on the 2d of December, a person came to me, and pledged a tea-spoon for eighteen-pence; I asked if it was her own property? she said, yes: I cannot take upon me to swear that the prisoner at the bar is the person.
Did you deliver that duplicate to the person who pawned the spoon? - Yes.
(Produced and deposed to by Mrs. Watson, as before.)



               GUILTY
             (Aged 29.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
