





460. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MILLHOLLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
, two linen shirts, ruffled, value 1 l. one other shirt, value 10 s. and other articles, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Sumner
                        



                     
                  , Esq
. and eight silver table spoons, value 4 l. the goods of 
                     - Crockett
                     


                  , Esq
. in his dwelling-house
            :
A second count, laying the robbery to have been committed in the dwelling-house of Messrs. Castell, Powell, Sumner, and Wilson.
Mr. Garrow, Counsel for the Prisoner.
(The prisoner desired the witnesses to be examined separate.)


                  WILLIAM
                   SUMNER
               



             Esq. sworn
I live in Lombard-street


; 
               
                  Samuel
                   Castell
               



            , 
               
                  Walter
                   Powell
               



            , 
               
                  William
                   Sumner
               



            , and 
               
                  William
                   Wilson
               



            , is the firm of our house; the prisoner was my butler
; the articles mentioned in the indictment were in his care; the plate was Mr. Crockell's; he sent his property to be taken care of, not as to a banking-house, but as a friend; I received information from Kennedy, and went to Marlborough-street on the 23d of October; I can only speak to the property.


                  JAMES
                   MEAD
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Carnaby-street; I have two shirts; I took in a shirt of the prisoner on the 15th of October; on the 18th, about half past six, the prisoner came to my shop, and produced eight spoons and two waiters; here they are; (produced;) he wanted twelve guineas on them; I found the waiters were only plated; and I suspected they were not his own, as he asked more than they were worth; he said they were left him by Mrs. Crockett; and I said, then I suppose the waiters are silver, oh yes, sir, says he; I then told him I had not sufficient cash; I went out, and told him I would get change for a note; I went to the public-office, and took one of the spoons; I returned with Kennedy and he was gone; he was taken in half an hour.


                  JAMES
                   KENNEDY
               



             sworn.
I am a police officer; I apprehended the prisoner, and took him to the office; I searched him, and found ten duplicates.



                  JAMES
                   WILLIAM TYLER
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Dixon; I produce two decanters, two shirts, one pair of cotton stockings, one handkerchief, and two muslin neckcloths; some of those things were pledged in August, some in September, and some in October; I saw the prisoner pledge the shirts; I saw the duplicates delivered.


                  WADE
                   KENDREW
               



             sworn.
I am servant to a pawnbroker; I took in a pair of silk stockings; (produced;) I don't know the prisoner.
Mr. Sumner. - These are a particular kind of stockings; they were made for me on purpose; I am sure they are mine: here is a shirt marked with red silk, or red cotton.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, I only beg for mercy.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
             (Aged 32.)
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


