





676. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 25th of October
, an iron spade with a wooden handle, value 1 s. a pair of hay steel yards, value 1 s. an halter, value 2 s. a leather cropper, value 6 d. a leather belly band, value 2 d. a leather wanty, value 2 d. a pair of plough chains, value 1 s. 6 d. a tame live hen fowl, value 6 d. a live cock fowl, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Stevenit
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   STEVENIT
               



             sworn.
I am the son of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Stevenit
               



            ; she is a farming woman
; I locked the stable up the 24th of October between seven and eight in the evening; I missed the things the next morning between two and three, I was the first up, I saw the stable door, and I missed one of the horses first and part of an harness, a spade and a steel yard; the steel yard was in the barn adjoining to the stable.
Q. Did the prisoner work with you? - No.
Q. Did you ever see him before? - No.
Q. Have you got any things here? just produce one or two of the things. - I can swear to them by the weight, I can swear to the spade by this mending here, it cost eighteen-pence mending.
RICHARD GASS sworn.
I am a watchman and headborough; I took the prisoner on Friday the 25th of October, just a little before two o'clock in the morning, in the parish of Acton, close to the King's Head. I found this property on him, that spade, steel yard, and all in a bundle; the fowls hung at one end, and the spade and bundle at the other.
Prisoner. I had not had a bit of victuals for two days, I was drove out for hunger; I did it for want.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
