






576. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KITCHINER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BEDFORD
                  




               
             were indicted, the first for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of October

, for pewter quart pots, value 6s. and seven pewter pint pots, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Alcock
               



            , and the other 


               for receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JOHN
                   ALCOCK
               



             sworn. - I can only speak to the property.


                  JOHN
                   BARTON
               



             sworn. - I am a publican; I keep the Cock, New-street, St. James's: On the 22d of October, 
               
                  Jane
                   Cock
               



            , and 
               
                  Mary
                   Murphy
               



            , came to my house about five o'clock, and asked me if I had lost any pots; I told them, too many, for I had hardly any to use; I met the boy at the bar; I asked him what he had done with the string of pots that he had taken to Mr. Bedford's; he said, he had not had any; he denied it three times; I threatened to have him taken up; he said, pray do not, I will shew you where they are; then he took me towards the house, and went past the house; says I, you rogue, if you will not shew me, I will shew you the house; it is an old iron shop, in Husband-street.
Q. Who keeps it? - A. The prisoner's husband, but he was not at home; I asked Mrs. Bedford what became of the pots that the boy had brought in; she replied, there were no pots there; three times that I challenged her with them; I insisted upon having them, and she opened the door of the right hand side, into a dark place at the back part of the shop; I still kept hold of the boy's arm, and took him into the place with me; I found seven pint pots, and four quarts, and a porridge pot, tied at the end of a strap; I took the boy and the porridge pot to my house, and sent one of my young men to Mr. Alcock's to inform him of it; they have not his name upon them, but they have the sign upon them; I sent for an officer; he searched the boy, and found upon him four shillings and a halfpenny, and a knife; then he was taken to Marlborough-street; I delivered them to the officer.
(
               
                  William
                   Jackson
               



            , the officer, produced the pots).


                  MARY
                   MURPHY
               



             sworn. - I sell fowl and lamb, and fish, about the street; I was standing at Mrs. Bedford's door; I live in the house; I did not see her husband; I saw the prisoner Kitchiner come up and go into Mrs. Bedford's with a string of pots, Mrs. Cock and I directly went and informed Mr. Barton of it.


                  JANE
                   COCK
               



             sworn. - I lodge at Mrs. Bedford's; I was looking out at the window and saw the boy coming along the street with a string of pots; I saw him go into the house; I then saw the boy come out with some money in his hand; it appeared to me to be silver. (The pots were deposed to by Mr. Alcock.)
Kitchiner's defence. I did not steal them.
Bedford's defence. Kitchiner came to my house and asked me to let him leave these pots a few minutes; he laid them down, but never offered me any thing to sell in his life.
For Bedford.


                  ELIZABETH
                   JONES
               



             sworn. - I work at the upholstery business; I was drinking tea with Mrs. Bedford at the time the boy brought the pots in; she told him to make haste back, for she was going out; he said, at the same time, he was going for some stockings.
Q. I give you fair warning, and mind you speak the truth; what did she do with the pots? - A. He put them down at the end of the counter.
Q. What o'clock was it? - A. To the best of my knowledge turned five.
Q.How soon after was it that Mr. Barton came? - A. About five or ten minutes.
Q. Where did she put them, in the mean time? - A. A place at the back part of the shop.
Q. Where nobody could see that came into the shop? - A. Yes, they could; there is a door to it.
Q.And that door was shut? - A. No.

Q.What did she give for the pots? - A. Not a farthing in that place, at that time.


                  FRANCES
                   JONES
               



             sworn. - I happened to be there all the time, and was making the bed for 
               
                  Ann
                   Bedford
               



            ; at the time he brought them in, he desired he might leave them there, he said he was going to his mother's to get a clean pair of stockings; she said, she hoped he would not be long, for she wanted to go out; there was no money given, nor bargain made for, nor no money received.
The prisoner called two other witnesses, who gave her a good character.
Kitchiner, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 12.)





               Publicly whipped
            , and discharged.
Bedford, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 25.)




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
