





23.' 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FIELD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Parish
                        



                     
                  , between the hours of eight and twelve in the forenoon, on the 12th of November
, one 
                     
                        John
                         Clark
                     



                  , and Ann his wife, then and there being, and stealing a black silk cloak, value 10s. a black silk petticoat, value 5s. a muslin apron, value 1s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Riordan
                        



                     
                  , spinster

.


                  MARY
                   RIORDAN
               



             sworn.
I live in Wardour-street, Soho


.
Q. In whose house do you live in? - Edmund or Edward Parish's.
Q. Do you know in what parish it happens to be in? - In St. James's, I believe.
Q. What have you to say respecting this charge against the prisoner? - 
               
                  Catharine
                   Donne
               



             and me, went to work at seven o'clock in the morning, she lived in the same room with me.
Q. What are you? - I work at needle work.
Q. On what day? - The 10th of November; I returned to dinner at one o'clock, we went out together, and she locked the door; we went to work with Mr. Towers, not far from my lodgings, very near, we returned at one o'clock.
Q. How many pair of stairs did you live up? - One pair of stairs backwards; the street door is always open, there is a shop below that we go along a passage to go to my room.
Q. Is that street door left open? - Yes, from the morning till eleven o'clock at night.
Q. Then that passage door goes up to the stairs up to your room? - Yes, it does.
Q. When you returned of course the lower door was opened? - It is always open every day.
Q. How did you find your door of the room? - 
               
                  Catharine
                   Donne
               



             was the first up to the room, the room was on the latch, 
               
                  Catharine
                   Donne
               



             says -
Q. Did you go in with her? - I stopped in the shop to receive a letter from the country; when I went up I missed my clothes directly as I went in the room, I missed a mode cloak, five gowns, five petticoats, four neck handkerchiefs, one pocket handkerchief, a shawl, and a whitecloth apron, a pair of stockings and a shift.
Q. Had you seen them the morning before? - Yes, I had them all the same morning, when I went out I am sure I had them, I do not know who stole them.
Mr. Knapp. I will just ask you one or two questions; You stated to my lord just now that it was Edmond or Edward? - I am not certain.
Q. You say there is one street door to this house? - Yes.
Q. Does Mr. Parish live in the house? - Yes, his wife keeps the shop.
Q. There is one common door that leads to all your apartments., so that any body has complete liberty to go in and out? - The street door is open all day.
Q. Was your own door sastened at all? - It was double locked.


                  CATHARINE
                   DONNE
               



             sworn.
Q. Where do you live? - No. 110, Wardour-street.
Q. Do you remember going out of you lodging on this 10th of November? - Yes, perfectly well; I went out at the hour of seven o'clock in the morning with Riordan and returned at one.
Q. When you went out did you do any thing with your door? - I locked it, I was the person that locked it myself.
Q. When you returned how did you find it? - I found it unlocked.
Q. Was the lock forced? - No, it did not appear to be forced.
Q. Is it a spring lock? - Yes, and and to secure it we always double lock it.
Q. You were in? - Yes.
Q. Did you miss any thing? - Yes, I missed my gown, that I generally hung up in the room; I went in and found the gown out of the room the first thing.
Q. What did you miss else? - Two gowns that hung in the room, and two petticoats, one hung up, and the other laid across the bed, we found them in Mrs. White's shop, I cannot tell the particular day of the month; I went about a fortnight after to Mrs. White's.
Q. What is your landlord's name? - Edward Parish.
Mr. Knapp to Riordan. You say your name is Riordan? - Yes.
Q. How do you spell your name? - Riordan.


                  MARY
                   WHITE
               



             sworn.
I bought the property of the prisoner at the bar, the day after Lord Mayor's show.
Q. What property? - The young woman's clothes, the property is here, the young woman has the property.(
               
                  Mary
                   Riordan
               



             produces the property.)
Mrs. White. That is the property I bought of the prisoner.
Q. What is it? - There is a skirt, this is a part of it, a skirt, and a cloak, a stuff petticoat and a gown.


                  Mary
                   Riordan
               



            . The cloak is mine, I can swear to it, it is my own work.
Mr. Knapp to Mrs. White. You say you bought the things of the prisoner at the bar, how do you mean the prisoner at the bar? Did not you buy them of the other man? - No, I bought them of the prisoner at the bar, and gave three guineas for them.
Q. Are you a married woman? - No, I am a widow.
Q. Have you any children? - Yes, two fine children, I have a daughter married to Mr. Brookes, stationer, in Coventry-street, and my son is at home in his business.

Q. Whom did you pay the money to? - To Mr. Field, the prisoner at the bar.
Q. How much did you pay him? - Three guineas for the things, I paid three guineas for this little property it is too much for it.
GRAY sworn.
The prisoner at the bar sent a man the Monday after Lord Mayor's day. On Monday this acquaintance of the prisoner at the bar came, and he told my mistress the prisoner sent him.
Q. How do you know the prisoner at the bar sent this man? - The man said that the prisoner at the bar sent him.
Q. You live with Mrs. White? - I do, and the prisoner at the bar brought the property the next day, and received three guineas for them of my mistress.
Q. This was the 11th of November you are talking of? - Yes.
Q. The day after the robbery was committed? - Yes.


                  FRANCIS
                   MURRY
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you apprehend the prisoner? - No, I did not.
Q. You are one of the officers belonging to the police office? - Yes, at Mary-le-bone-street, I am an extraodinary officer.
Q. You heard that this robbery was committed on the 10th of November? - Yes, I heard so.
Q. How long was it afterwards that the prisoner was charged with this at the office? - The 26th of November.
Q. Did not he come and surrender himself to the office to answer this charge? - I heard afterwards that he came and surrendered himself to the office.
Prisoner. I know nothing about it. I was up at six o'clock and tarried for two hours till the magistrates sat, and I staid in company with that man, and officer, I went over with, and I never was in custody at all, for I know nothing at all of Mrs. White, Mrs. White is an infamous character, her husband was transported for fourteen years, and her son for seven years.
Mr. Knapp to Mrs. White. I examined you just now, and now I am desired by the prisoner again. You say your husband is dead? - He has been dead seven years.
Q. Has he not been transported from this country?
Court. I put that to you, whether that is a proper question to ask the witness.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY, Of stealing the goods but not breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
