






111. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     REES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GOODMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of January
 last, one hundred and twenty pounds weight of lead, value 18 s. belonging to the Right Honourable 
                     
                        
                           Nathaniel 
                           Lord
 
                           Harrowby
                        




                     
                  , affixed to his dwelling house
            .


                  RICHARD
                   SERJEANT
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter. I examined part of Lord Harrowby's house, in Park-street, Grosvenor-square


; the servant in care of the house, came to me on Monday, the 31st of January; and I went there about four in the afternoon; and from a flat over the kitchen, there was some lead missing; a considerable quantity; it was cut into narrow pieces, and tore off the ends of the sheets; the lead was produced to me by Shallard, which I fitted the next day; there is an arched passage from the house to the kitchen; and it was the lead upon the kitchen; part of five sheets were gone.


                  JAMES
                   SHALLARD
               



             sworn.
I am one of the patroles belonging to Sir 
               
                  Sampson
                   Wright
               



            . On Monday, the 31st of January, between seven and eight in the evening, I was on duty in Hyde Park; I saw three men pass at a distance towards Grosvenor-gate, a very small distance from Lord Harrowby's; the hindmost man appeared to have something on his head; I immediately went after them, and stopped the last man, which is Rees, and sent Cridland, the other patrole, to go after the other two; the man I stopped, had his coat buttoned, and a smock frock over it; he had this lead under his coat: Brothick, another of the patrole, was with me, and took this piece which was on his head; Cridland brought back the other two men, and I secured all three; the third man was discharged, no lead being found on him; I went with Mr. Banner the plumber, the day after, to Lord Harrowby's; and we fitted the lead together with Mr. Serjeant; we found it exact; it was not half a quarter of what was wanted; I found a knife on Goodman.


                  JOSEPH
                   CRIDLAND
               



             sworn.
I am another of the patrole: I was with Shallard the 31st of January, in Hyde Park; I saw three men going by; and Shallard cried out to me, Joe, Joe, stop these two men, they have something about them; Shallard had stopped the last man, which is Rees; I ran after Goodman; and just as I came up to him, I perceived him throw something down; I went after him, and laid hold of him; there was another man close behind me, belonging to the patrole, 
               
                  James
                   Anderson
               



            ; I gave him to him, and went after the other; I stopped the other, and brought him back to Mr. Shallard; then I went to the spot where I saw Goodman throw something down; and I found these two pieces of lead about three or four yards from the place where I stopped Goodman; I took the lead to a public house in Bow-street, and delivered it to Shallard.
Shallard. That was a part of the lead I tried at Lord Harrowby's house.


                  CHARLES
                   BROTHICK
               



             sworn.
I am another patrole. I was on duty this night in Hyde Park; I saw three persons go past us; I went up to the last with Mr. Shallard; I put my hand to his head, and took this piece of lead from his head; that was from Rees; I carried the piece of lead to Bow-street; and it was delivered to Mr. Shallard.
Shallard. That was other part of the lead.

- BANNER sworn.
I am a plumber. On the 1st of February, I was seat for to replace some lead that had been stolen from the flat in Lord Harrowby's kitchen; I found five sheets had been cut, part of which was taken away; and I understood some lead was at Bow-street; and I ordered that the lead on the flat might not be removed till I had been in Bow-street; I went there, and was shewn some lead; and Mr. Shallard and me took the lead; in a coach to Lord Harrowby's, and opened it on the flat in four separate pieces, which matched; three of them to the lead that was cut, and one of them to the knot in the board, by a mark of turpentine; as the lead lay there, matched to the others with a knife, I cut off these two pieces with a knife which was found in Goodman's pocket, the shape and strength of which was very convenient for the purpose; I have not the least doubt but that lead was cut from this flat: I suppose, at least, twelve hundred pounds weight was taken away; this is a gross hundred and eighteen pounds, which is one hundred and thirty pounds weight; there is an open railing into the park, through which the lead might be handed.
PRISONER REES's DEFENCE.
I had been at Kensington with a letter; I was coming back; and close by Lord Bathurst's house, I saw these three pieces of lead lay; one was tied up in a handkerchief; I picked that up, and opened the handkerchief, and saw it was lead; and I took the other piece and put under my arm, to find the owner; and just by the bason in Hyde Park, Goodman passed me, and bid me good night; and another young man passed me afterwards, and bid me good night; in two hundred yards I saw Sir Sampson's officers stand by the bason; and that gentleman, Shallard, immediately asked me what I had there? I said it was lead; he asked me who the other two men were? I told him I did not know; I told him there was another piece behind; and I asked him to go the bason again, on the night this was missing; I was about thirty yards off.
PRISONER GOODMAN's DEFENCE.
I was coming from Knightsbridge, and they took me into custody, and immediately asked me if I knew the other two men? I said no.
Mr. Shallard. They were all three walking one after another; I cannot say whether they were in company; they were not above two yards asunder.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.
