





187. 
               
                  JENKINS 
                  RADFORD
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Mary, wife

 of 
                           
                              John 
                              Lewin
                           







                  , on the 21st of March
, and putting her in fear, and feloniously taking from her person and against her will, one silk petticoat, value 2 s. one cotton handkerchief, value 6 d. and two pieces of silk, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lewin
                  



               
            .


                  MARY
                   LEWIN
               



             sworn.
I am wife of 
               
                  John
                   Lewin
               



            ; he is a coachman
. I was robbed of the things in the indictment; I was going home; I was in Green-street, Grosvenor-square


, about seven at night; I think it was the prisoner; I run after him, and was very nigh taking him, but a man came and hit me a blow on the back of the neck, and pushed meagainst the wall; I continued the pursuit, and the prisoner was taken in ten minutes with the bundle, in North-row; he threw the bundle over the pales; he was never out of my sight till the people surrounded him; but I could not swear to his face, because I never saw it; he snatched the bundle off at once.
Court. Nothing passed before? - No. I know the things to be mine; some of the silk was dropped, and found by a man in Green-street; and one piece is missing.


                  JAMES
                   AYRES
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner in North-row; I saw him throw the bundle over the pails; this is the bundle.




               GUILTY of stealing the goods but not violently from the person
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


