





602. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bourne
                        



                     
                  , Ann, the wife of the said John, and 
                     
                        Sarah
                         Jennings
                     



                  , being therein, about the hour of nine in the forenoon of the 17th of October
, and burglariously stealing a mahogany writing-desk, value 4l. 4s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Hans Peter 
                           Engstrem
                        



.
Second Count. Charging it to be the dwelling-house of the said 
               
                  Hans
                   Peter Engstrem
               



            .


                  SARAH
                   JENNINGS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to John Bourne, No. 8, Union-court, Broad-street


; I was in the house on Monday the 17th of October, about nine o'clock in the morning, in the parlour; Mrs. Bourne was not come down stairs; the prisoner came in and opened the counting-house, the outer door was open, and I saw him go out down the steps with the desk; Mr. Engstrem had gone out about five minutes before, and shut the door; I followed the prisoner as quick as I could; I took it from him, and gave a man charge of him in the street; I am sure he is the same person.


                  HANS
                   PETER
               



             ENGSTREM sworn.
This house is Mr. Bourne's; I have only a counting-house in it; I went out on Monday the 17th of October, and shut the door after me; I will not swear it was latched.
Jennings. I am sure it was latched; I was at the door a few minutes before.


                  JOHN
                   COX
               



             sworn.
On Monday the 17th of October, Mr. Engstrem sent for me to take the prisoner into custody; I had this desk of 
               
                  Sarah
                   Jennings
               



            . (Producing it).
Q.(To Jennings). Is that the desk? - A. Yes; it is Mr. Engstrem's.
Mr. Engstrem. This is my desk.
Prisoner's defence. I was coming down the court, and a young man told me he would give me a shilling to carry it for him to the pitching-block.




               GUILTY Of stealing the goods, but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
