





674. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     COSGROVE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Padden
                        



                     
                  , Mary, the wife of 
                     
                        John
                         Padden
                     



                  , being therein, about the hour of five in the afternoon, on the 15th of August
 last, and stealing therein a white linen apron, value 2 s. and two check linen aprons, value 4 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Carr
                        



.


                  ANN
                   CARR
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 3, New Turnstile, Holbourn


, at 
               
                  John
                   Padden
               



            's house. On Sunday, the 15th of August, I went out in the afternoon, about one o'clock, and my son returned at five, and found this man; I left my things in the drawers, and when I came home about six the apartments was open; I double locked it when I wentout: one apron was taken off the back of the chair, and two out of the drawers; nothing was taken away; they were lying on the ground: I did not see him till I saw him him at the justices.
Prisoner. She said, she would not prosecute me if it was not for the constable.


                  CHARLES
                   CARR
               



             sworn.
I am son of the last witness. On the 15th of August, about five in the evening, I came up stairs from church, and saw this man in my mother's room; and when he saw me he came out, and went down stairs: the door was not locked: I ran after him, and I asked him what business he had in that room? he said, what room? he was in no room there: I followed him into a publick-house, and I told the landlord, and he sent for a constable, and he was taken into custody.
Who was in the house? - The landlady.
Did you see her? - No.
Is Mrs. Padden here? - No.


                  THOMAS
                   DYER
               



             sworn.
I attend Mr. Walker's office: some people came for me, and I apprehended him; and I found seven keys, and I afterwards had the keys, and one opened the door as well as her own.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I went to see for some linen that Mrs. Butler had to wash for me, and I forgot the number of the house, and I asked a baker, and he told me No. 3; I went and met a woman, and asked her, and she said, she did not know; I found a door open, and I went in; and the boy came up, and he asked me what I was doing; and I said, I wanted Mrs. Butler, and he followed me, and several others, and cried, stop thief! I went into a public-house, and they sent for this constable, and he took me; I found these keys, and some other things in a bundle; I shewed them to an acquaintance of mine, and I said, I should sell them. The boy swore he found the two aprons on the stairs. This constable wanted to be bound over, and the justice would not let him.
Court to Dyer. Where did you find the keys? - I felt down the outside of his pocket, and they were not there, and I put my hand into the inside of his breeches, and I found these false keys. What he said respecting my being bound over is false, my lord.
Prisoner. My lord, I once found a bunch of keys, and I gave them a person, and eight of them would open her drawers.
Court to Dyer. Did you hear the boy say any thing about the aprons? - He said they were on the floor.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
