





669. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of July
, two leather collar braces, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     White
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD
                   CARTER
               



             sworn.
I am sixteen; my mother keeps a wine vault, in Long-lane; my father is dead; I serve at the wine vault. Me and my mother were standing at the door, and this coach went by, and my mother said that man behind the coach is asleep; it was the 23d of July, almost eleven at night; it was a glass coach; I followed him on; at first he was leaning on his belly on the perch, and when he saw me he got up and sat on the perch; I followed him down Barbican, and I saw the watchman down Barbican, and I went and told him that there was a man behind the coach taking the straps; says he, are you sure of it? then we stopped till the coach came up, and me and the watchman went behind the coach, and there was a strap dragling on the ground; the man was behind the coach, and he ran between the fore wheel and hind wheel, and ran down Red cross-street, and the watchman went after him, and ran acrossthe road, but I did not go after him, I stopped there; the coach went round the corner, and I went to the coach, and there was one strap hanging across the spring, and I took it up and gave it to the coachman as he was getting off the box; then me and the watchman went back to look for the other, and I picked it up and gave it to the watchman; we found it dropped in Barbican; I then said, good night, and went home.
Q. Did you know the man that was laying on the perch? - I did not see his face when he was behind the coach.


                  THOMAS
                   EMBERSON
               



             sworn.
I was coachman to the carriage at the time this circumstance happened; it was a glass coach belonging to Mr. White; I believe these collar braces were on the coach; I don't know who took them, I was on the box.


                  ROBERT
                   LOVE
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman, my box is in Bridgewater-square. When this lad, 
               
                  Richard
                   Carter
               



            , came to me I was at the bottom of Prince's-street, Barbican


, going half past ten, he came to me and said there is a man behind the glass coach coming up cutting the leathers off. When the coach came up there was a man behind the carriage leaning on his belly on the perch, under the body of the coach; I called out to the coachman to stop; he did not stop immediately; the man got down from the perch and ran between the two wheels and ran away, and I pursued him, and Mr. Newman, the patrole stopped him, and we took him to the watch-house; I never lost sight of him; I am positive it is the man.


                  JOHN
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole. On the 23d of July I heard a cry of stop that man! the prisoner was running as fast as he could, and the watchman after him, and I catched hold of him, and we took him to the watch-house.


                  JOHN
                   HUMPHRIES
               



             sworn.
I was constable of the night; I heard a cry of stop him! stop him! I went into the middle of the way and I saw this prisoner at the bar coming round the corner; Newman was before me, and I saw him brought into the watch-house with these straps, they have been in my possession ever since.
Court to Love. Where did you get the straps? - One of them the lad took from the coach, and the other was found in Barbican. (Produced.)
Emberson. I believe they are mine.
Prisoner. I am a grinder by business; I had been abroad that day, and it was almost ten o'clock, I walked as hard as I could to get home, and just as I got to the Black Horse, in Barbican I got up behind this coach, there was another man behind the coach then; I had not been up above half a minute before that man jumps down from the coach, and the coach stopped, and I jumped off; I never meddled with the straps or knew any thing about it.
Court to Carter. Was any other man behind the coach but this man? - No, there was no other behind the coach all the way.
Q. How far was he down Barbican? - As far as the green grocer's, where I see him by the light.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 21.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
