






624. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  PARKER
               



             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KENNEDY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of September
, a pair of spectacles, with silver frames, value 6s. a hair skin spectacle case, value 1s. and a compass in a silver case, value 1l. 10s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Barnard
                  




               
            .



                  RICHARD
                   MOSELY
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Barnard, he lives in Great Tower-street


.
Q. Do you know of his losing a pair of spectacles in a case, and a compass? - Michael Parker and John Kennedy came in the shop, they asked me for a pennyworth of hand snappers, I served them; they asked me if I had any candle snappers? I told them I had not, therefore Kennedy he put down the halfpence to pay for those I had served him, then Parker put down a shilling and said he would pay for them, he said it made no difference between the two; I went out of the shop to light a candle to look at the shilling he had given me, and these things particularly werelaid on the counter before I went out of the shop, besides the things stolen there were two barometers, a steering compass, and a show glass, containing many other things.
Q. How long was you absent? - Not more than a minute. On my return I missed the spectacles and the compass, and one of the boys was gone out of the shop, Kennedy the youngest of the two; immediately I secured the other boy, and asked him what became of the things that lay on the counter? he told me he could not tell me, he believed the other boy had run away with them; I asked him if he knew who the other boy was? He told me his name was Kennedy that his father was a taylor, living in East Smithfield; I said is that so? he said it is; some little time after I saw Kennedy return and looking through the window.
Q. Did you keep this other boy in custody? - Yes, I ran out after him endeavouring to catch him, I called out stop thief! he past a great number of people and ran down into Thames-street, there I lost him among some carts, and I returned back; my master soon returned, and he will relate what past.
Q. Then you did not take him then? - No.
Q. Was Parker searched? - Not immediately.
Jury. What did you do with the lad, at the time you was looking after the other? - Left him in care of the house keeper.


                  THOMAS
                   BARNARD
               



             sworn.
I have got the spectacles, they are an old pair left to be repaired, silver spectacles.
Q. Let your man look at them.(Shewn to Mosely.)
Mosely. This is the case, but the spectacles I cannot swear to.
Q. I have to ask you how you got these back again? - The spectacles was sent by Kennedy's father, to my shop by an old woman some time after we had taken this first boy; that woman is not here. This compass was not taken out of the shop, I found it behind the counter, the next morning; I have lost in the course of ten months, goods to the amount of nine or ten pounds from the counter, taken by somebody.
Prisoner Kennedy. I never had the spectacles at all; I never knew this lad, I never saw him before I was put in the Compter with him.
Prisoner Parker. One day as I was going along Tower-street I went in to buy a pennyworth of snappers, and while I was in they said, that how I took out some spectacles and compasses, and it was another boy that did this, and I said, I had none at all, they might search me.
John Kennedy, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 13.)




               Transported for seven years
            .


                  Michael
                   Parker
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
