






17. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     STEVENSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 16th of November
, 9 yards three quarters of worked muslin, value 40 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Nicholson
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JAMES
                   ROUS
               



             sworn.
I am an apprentice to Mr. Nicholson, he is a linen draper
, his christian name is Edward. On Thursday the 16th of November, between the hours of five and six, this woman and another came into our shop, No. 27, Newport-street


, a stock of a bankrupt, which Mr. Nicholson purchased, the prisoner asked for some Irish, I shewed it to her at 19 d. a yard, sold her three yards, then I sold the other lady along with her, three yards also, which made six yards in the whole, off from the same piece; after that the prisoner asked for some muslin yard and a half wide, a spotted one, little spots; accordingly I shewed her, it happened to lay at the bottom of the wrapper, and I turned the muslins all over till I came to it; the wrapper was on the counter, and she approved of it. I sold her a yard and an eighth, after I had cut it off, and was folding it up, I observed the muslins move, I then supposed she might have secreted a piece of muslin, and the prisoner stooped to the ground, whereby I thought she might have secreted a piece of muslin; I took no notice of it, until I saw the next motion, which was, as I supposed, she was making it fast about her coats. I then folded up the wrapper again, and asked the prisoner if she wanted any thing else, and the reply was she wanted to look at some calico; I cannot be positive which spoke, which I shewed her, she then paid me for what she had bought, six yards of Irish, and a yard and an eighth of muslin, and paid me the sum I was to have, I gave her change, and wished her a good evening, then I desired 
               
                  Joseph
                   Nicholson
               



             to go and bring the first lady back; he is the nephew of Mr. Nicholson, he brought the prisoner back, she then went round our counter, he then said to her, do not go there to drop it, but drop it here in the middle of the shop; then he said now she has dropped it; I immediately went past her, and picked up the muslin, the muslin lay close by the side of her, it was warm as if I had been holding it by the fire about five minutes; it was a sprigged muslin worked, it was nine yards and three quarters, I delivered it to 
               
                  Joseph
                   Nicholson
               



             the other witness.
Mr. Garrow. Pray Mr. Rous how long have you lived at No. 27? - Some time.
Q. What is the firm of your house? - 
               
                  Edward
                   Nicholson
               



            .
Q. What do you think of 
               
                  Edward
                   Nicholson
               



             and Co. is that bill your handwriting? - It is.
Q. So much for your hand-writing. Now do you mean to repeat to me that the firm of your house is Nicholson, or Nicholson and Co.? - Any name you please.
Q. Now I will give you another name; what do you think of the name of Dickson? - That is taken off the door.
Q. How many times have you been a witness for your master? - Once.
Q. Upon your oath, who are the parties that compose this cheap linen draper's shop? - There are no partners at all, my master is selling on the commission of the assign of the assignees, Mr. Fouquet is one, and the other I cannot tell.
Q. Where did your master live before? - No. 104, Fleet-street, or No. 1, Bridge-street.
Q. And so the house is your's, or mine, or any body's I please, Mr. Nickolson, or Messrs. Nicholson and Co. or Messrs. Dickson and Co. or any bodyelse that I please. Then I will trouble you no more.
Jury. Do you mean to say on your oath, there is no partner in the house? - There is no partner in the house.


                  JOSEPH
                   NICHOLSON
               



             sworn.
This prisoner and another came into our shop, and asked for some Irish cloth; after she had bought the Irish cloth, she asked for some fine muslin, Rous shewed her the muslin, after that she was gone, he thought, she had secreted a piece of muslin, and desired me to go and bring her back; she went out of the shop about twenty or thirty yards, or it might be more, I cannot say to a certainty; I went to her and said to her, if you please to walk back, you have got a piece of muslin; she immediately came back; he lift the flap of the counter up, when he came out and she ran behind the counter, and I desired her to come out, and drop it in the middle of the shop, if she must drop it; I had hardly got the words out of my mouth before I saw a motion as if she was dropping something; I saw something drop; I immediately says to Rous, she has dropped something; go and pick it up, and see what it is; she walked out as soon as she had dropped it, she walked out into the middle of the shop, from behind the counter; now says she you may send for a constable and search me. He brought the muslin out and gave it to me, and said it is hot, quite warm; it was so; I kept it in my possession till such time we got a constable, when I delivered it up to him.
Mr. Garrow. How long have you lived with your brother? - It is not my brother it is my uncle.
Q. Perhaps you can tell who his partners are? - He has none.
Q. He never tells the world that he hath any partners, upon your oath does not he make out his bills of parcels, in the name of Nicholson and Co.? - On my oath he does not.
Q. Who is Mr. Gibson? - He lives in Bishopsgate-street.
Q. Do you mean to swear that no bills since you have lived in this cheap shop, have been made out in the name of Nicholson and Co.? - I never have.
Q. Do not you know that the bills of parcels are daily and hourly made out in the name of 
               
                  Edward
                   Nicholson
               



             and Co.? - There is no partner.
Q. That is no answer? - I can be upon oath, I never made one out so yet.
Q. If you shuffle for a month I will have an answer? - On my oath, I never did.
Q. Will you swear you never saw any? - I will not take on me.
Q. You who have sworn that there was no such a bill of parcel made out in the name of Nicholson and Co. was not that the very bill of parcel, that was delivered to the prisoner. (Produced.) - You cannot catch me at that.
Q. Take it into your hand. Where those the articles the woman had? - I cannot say that that is the same bill.
Q. Are those the same articles she bought. Have you the least doubt that that is the bill? - I have not the least doubt but that it is the bill.
Mr. Garrow to Rous. Upon your oath is not that the bill given to the prisoner? - It is.
Q. How came you to make it out in the name of Nicholson and Co. - I know I was used to do it in the other shop.
Q. Where is that other shop? - No. 104, Fleet-street.
Q. The bills are made out then in the name of Nicholson and Co. Gentlemen you had really better agree about the fact; - Indeed Mr. Garrow, I am unacquainted with the house.

- sworn.
I am a constable; they sent for me to take charge of the prisoner into custody; I produce the piece of muslin. (Deposed to.)
Prisoner. When I went into the shop to purchase the cloth, I bought three yards, and the gentlewoman along with me three yards. He asked me, if I wanted to look at any thing else; I told him I did not; he said we sell things very cheap; and he would not give me my change till he brought me down some plain muslin, and then he brought down some sprigged muslin; I bought an apron; when I came back they pushed me behind the counter, where the muslin lay, and he picked up two or three pieces; then the master came in, and they told him, this woman has been stealing the muslin; and the master then took the muslin and marked it with a pencil; he could not find any thing on me, how could he.


                  SUSANNA
                   ROBINSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Barbican; I am a widow, a pastry cook; I have lived about nine years in that street; I have known the prisoner three years, two years she lodged with me; I can assure you I always found her to be a very sober honest woman; there are seven or eight that would have come, but they did not think her trial would come on so soon. She carries on the business of a mantua maker
. She left me about ten months ago.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            .
(Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
