






459. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SUTHERLAND
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANTHONY 
                     ULSTON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               that they, on the 4th of May
 last, twenty-eight pounds of lead, value 2 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        Catherine 
                        M'Carty
                     




                  , feloniously did rip, cut, and steal, against the statute
            .
GEORGE FINMORE sworn.
Mrs. M'Carty lives in a tenement of mine, in Blue-anchor-yard, Whitechapel


: on the 4th of May, about a quarter past ten, I was alarmed that there was two men on the premises; I heard a rumbling on the top, and I called Joseph Bassett, and desired him to get up, and he did; and I got upon the dust-bin; he found a piece of lead in the gutter, rolled up, cut from the gutter; I desired him to see if he could see any body; the tiles were broke; and Bassett went in under the roof, and brought Sutherland out; and I took hold of him, and took him to the watch-house; when we came back, Bassett went up again, and found Ulster behind the chimney: we took them before the magistrate, and he committed them.


                  JOSEPH
                   BASSETT
               



             sworn.
I was called up by Mr. Finmore; and I went up to the top of this house, and I found Sutherland there, and took him to the watch-house, and came back and took Ulston; I found a knife in Sutherland's pocket.
PRISONERS DEFENCE.
We have nothing to say; only that we did not cut the lead.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   PERRYN
               



            .
