





211. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MAKWAY, otherwise 
MACKVOY





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of February
, seventy pounds of ground sugar, value 50s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Augustus 
                     Stevens
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gabell
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lonsdale
                  



               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  JOHN
                   LOADER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am horse-keeper to Messrs. Stevens, Gabell, and Lonsdale, sugar-baker


s, in Spitalfields


: I saw the prisoner two or three days before this affair happened, and he said, he would put four or five guineas into my pocket; he said he had made a very good thing of it when he was there, and I was to meet him; I kept it to myself for several days, it made me very uneasy, and then I devulged my mind to my master; I met him again afterwards; he asked me why I did not meet him at the time we appointed; and I told him my master had sent me out; he then appointed to meet me next morning at my master's premises; he met methe next morning between five and six o'clock; he came to the stable door, which joins the sugar-house, he knocked three times, I did not hear him, I was asleep; then another man came down and called me, I went down and let him in; he went into the mill-house where they grind the sugar, and then he emptied two baskets of sugar into a bag.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you hold the bag yourself? - A. Yes; he then asked me to lift it up upon his shoulder, accordingly I did; he then immediately walked out to the stable-door where he entered in at. He was taken in a very few minutes afterwards, for my master did not let him get above ten yards from the door.
Q. Had you given a hint to any persons to watch him at this time? - A. Yes, my master, Mr. Lonsdale, and one of the men, came up and took him.
Q. Was it ground sugar? - A. Yes.
Q. How much in quantity do you think there might be? - A. I cannot say, there might be about eighty pounds.


                  WILLIAM
                   LONSDALE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am in partnership with Augustus Stevens and 
               
                  John
                   Gabell
               



            ; the prisoner formerly lived with me as a servant
.
Q. In consequence of any information, did you see him at your house on the 27th of February? - A. Yes; I sat up all night; he entered the premises about six o'clock in the morning; I saw him pass from the stables towards the mill-house.
Q. When you took him, had he any sugar upon him? - A. He had about eighty pounds of ground sugar.
Q. Whereabout was the value of it? - A. It was worth about fifty shillings.
The prisoner did not say any thing in his defence.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 32.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Lord KENYON.
