





38. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of December
, six glass tumblers, value 18l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Peacock
                  



               
             and 
               
                  George Madgwick 
                  Davison
               



            .


                  GEORGE
                   PEACOCK
               



             sworn. - I am in partnership with George Madgwick Davison, glass-man
, in Fleet-market; the prisoner at the bar has been out warehouseman
 for near three years, I have missed property often for more than a twelvemonth past; in counsequence of some information that I received, I desired 
               
                  Thomas
                   Brown
               



            , the shopman, to mark some goods; I saw him mark a good many tumblers on the bottom, so that he would know them again, these tumblers were taken away into the watchouse; and last Monday evening, about seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner go into the warehouse, he said so long there, that I said to my partner, that fellow is now filling his pockets; at eight o'clock the porters all went away, and the prisoner with them; I had two constables planted in the street to take him up, and he was taken as soon as he got into the street, and brought back into the house again; I saw him searched by the constables, and in each of his great coat pockets were found three tumblers; I told the constables to keep them, which they did.
THOMAS BROWN sworn. - I am shopman to Messrs. Peacock and Davison: I was sent into the warehouse to see if there were any tumblers missing, the same that I had marked; I missed six, it might be then about a quarter past seven o'clock, I informed Mr. Peacock that there were six missing; I was in the street when the constables took him and brought him back, I was not a yard from them; I saw him searched, and I saw the tumblers taken from him.


                  Q. 
               


            When had you marked them? - A. Two or three days before, with a file, on the bottom; I had marked a great many dozen, I counted them all, and found only six missing; when they were taken out of his pocket, they were wrapped up in papers, and I market the papers before they were delivered to the constables.


                  JOHN
                   LACEY
               



             sworn. - I am a constable; I stopped the prisoner in the street, and took three tumblers out of his left-hand pocket; I have kept them from that time to this. (Produces them).
HENRY BEARD sworn. - I was with the last witness; I took these three tumblers from the prisoners, (producing them); five of the tumblers were deposed to by Mr. Peacock.
Q. What is the value of them? - A. About three-pence a piece.
Brown. I cannot swear to one, the other five I can swear to.
Q. There were others in the warehouse, I suppose, that were not marked? - A. Yes; I only marked the frist three in each row.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say, but leave myself entirely to the mercy of the Court; I have often been entrusted to take out goods and return the money, which I intended to do with these.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Peacock.) Did you ever entrust him to take out goods to sell for you? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Never.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 34.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
