





598. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FINCHAM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bullock
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of one in the afternoon, on the 5th day of September
, one 
                     
                        John
                         Corne
                     



                   and - Askew in the same dwelling-house then being, and feloniously stealing therein 96 leather shoe-shapes, value 12 s. and two kid skins, value 2 s. and one dead goose, value 2 s. his property
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   BULLOCK
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 10, Charles-court, in the parish of St. Martin's in the Fields


: I am a housekeeper
 there; my house was broken open last Sunday week between eleven and twelve at noon; I was not at home; I went out about twenty minutes after eleven, and returned about half after two; I missed nothing till after dinner, about three, when I went up into my workshop and came down, and went up again and found some of the shoe shapes on the ground; the shop is up three pair of stairs; the shoe shapes were in the closet, and I missed a quantity of shoe shapes; I informed my wife and family; I heard nothing further till Monday, when I saw a hand-bill of another robbery, and the description of the person corroborated with an account I had received; we took the prisoner in his lodgings, and there we found the shoe shapes; the prisoner is the man; he was at work at No. 10, in Hanging-sword-alley, Water-lane; I knew them again; I had some to match them; I saw them on the Sunday morning about eleven, in the workshop, with a great many more: when I went out I locked the shop door where the property was; when I returned I found it locked, not broke at all.



                  ROGER
                   LEE
               



             sworn.
The prisoner worked for me at the time he was taken: he lodged at No. 10, in Hanging-sword-alley; I have called him, and he has answered me out of that window; he has worked for me about three-quarters of a year, very industrious; I always thought him a very good man; he served me very honestly and faithfully; he turned a wheel for me; I am a glass-cutter.


                  CHARLES
                   HOPKINS
               



             sworn.
I belong to the same regiment the prisoner did; I was in Charles-court, and saw the prisoner come out of one house there, and go into the prosecutor's house, between twelve and two, last Sunday was a week; the house he came out of was about two doors from the prosecutors; he walked up the court like a gentleman, and went boldly into the house; the house door was open; I did not see him come out.


                  THOMAS
                   LAWRENCE
               



             sworn.
In consequence of a search warrant, I searched the prisoner's lodging on Monday the 6th of September, about half after two; I broke open his box which was in his lodging in Hanging-sword-alley, Water-lane, and in his box I found these things; they have never been out of my custody since; the prosecutor was present; I found some duplicates in his box, and a pocket book with his name.
Prosecutor. These are my property; they are all goods intrusted to me; they are kid-skin shoe shapes; I am answerable for them; their value is thirty shillings and upwards; I am sure they are mine, by matching them with some that were left in the room; there is no particular mark on the shapes, but on the two skins, which were taken from the same place, I observed this mark; it is the mark of the man that sent them to me, Mr. Stable, glover, in the Strand.


                  THOMAS
                   BRACE
               



             sworn.
I saw a man come out of the prosecutor's house: I work there; the man had a green coat on, and silk stockings, and shoes tied with strings, and a round hat; I did not see his face; I cannot tell who it was; the door of the shop was then locked; I had the key in my pocket; I went up between eleven and twelve, and about two, and the door was locked; it was not broke at all; the things were all there between eleven and twelve, and the goose hung up; when I went up at two, I missed the goose; I did not look in the closet, the door being shut; I was in the court at the time; I saw the man go in; there were several people in the house, but I know not who they were.
Lawrence produced the green coat, with white buttons, white silk stockings, round hat, and shoes, with strings; they were not locked up.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I know nothing of it; the lodging was not mine; more people lodge there besides me; I have no witnesses but my master, Mr. Lee.
Lee. All I know of his character, I have already spoken.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing; but not of breaking and entering the dwelling-house.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.




[Transportation. See summary.]


