





496. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     FOSTER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 20th of October
, twelve ounces of quicksilver, value 2 s.
             the property of the 
               
Honourable United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies




            .
A second count charging it to be the property of persons unknown.


                  GEORGE
                   PARRY
               



             sworn.
I found about twelve ounces of quicksilver in the kennel, the prisoner tried to sweep it away but could not; I had some information which led me to go there; he had just come from the floor where the quicksilver was; I speak only from information, I suppose it to be the property of the East India Company, they do not sell it retail; the prisoner told me a cask had been upset, and that he was bringing it to me in the neck of a quart bottle.



                  PETER
                   TIB
               



             sworn.
I was called to take up the quicksilver; I should think it the property of the company, I have no other reason for thinking so, than being on the premises.


                  ROBERT
                   HARLEY
               



             sworn.
I was delivering some goods and I saw some quicksilver fall; I cannot say I knew who it fell from, it was not far from the prisoner; I saw a bottle fall and the quicksilver splash about, I cannot say who dropped it; the prisoner was coming from the floor where the quicksilver was kept.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   ANDERSON
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner walk in the yard with his hands before him, and he dropped a phial, and I saw some quicksilver in the kennel close by Foster, and he went and threw part of the phial behind the grind-stone, and tried to cover the quicksilver with dirt.


                  THOMAS
                   CABLE
               



             sworn.
I saw the silver drop from him, he said he got it to try a maxim with; he hit it against his button and that broke it.


                  MARTHA
                   BRYAN
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner at the bar, he served his time with my husband; some stores were left when my husband died, which I gave him at my husband's death; he was gunner
 of the Belvidere; the prisoner always bore a good character.


                  JOHN
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I am a shoe-maker, I have known him three years, he always bore a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.




[Transportation. See summary.]


