






209. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  LUCAS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 16th of February
, a gander, value 2s. 6d. and three geese, value 6s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Dyson
                  




               
            .


                  DANIEL
                   DYSON
               



             sworn. - I live at Tottenham High-cross


: On the 16th of February, I lost three geese and a gander, from an out-house upon my premises; I had seen them there that afternoon, they were locked up in the evening, I missed them the next morning about seven o'clock; 
               
                  William
                   Collins
               



            , the watchman, stopped the prisoner with them at Newington, and they were carried to Mr. Harper's at Shoreditch; I saw them there, I believe it was two mornings after, they were alive, and I knew them to be mine.


                  WILLIAM
                   COLLINS
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman upon the Stamford-hill Trust: On the 15th of February, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, the prisoner came past me with a bag, he threw it down, and I saw something move; I asked him if he had got a hare; he said, no, he wished it was; then my brother watchman asked him what he had got; says he there they are, and if I had not been stupid and drunk I should have been at home by six o'clock; says I they seem like geese.
Q. How far was this from Mr. Dyson's house? - A. About three miles and a half; I asked him where he had brought them from; and he said, he had brought them from Cheshunt, that they belonged to Mr. Wilson that keeps the White-lion in Bishopsgate-street, and he was going to carry them there; I said I thought it was very old Mr. Wilson should send him for them, when there were so many coaches coming that way; he said I might do as I liked, they were Mr. Wilson's property; I then stopped him.


                  SAMUEL
                   HARPAR
               



             sworn. - I am one of the officers belonging to Worship-street, I was called out of bed to go to the watch-house and take charge of this man; I locked him up, and made inquiry of the waggoners that went that road, and by that means I found out the owner, Mr. Dyson, he came to my house, and said they were all his.
Prisoner's defence. I had been to see my daughter, at Edmonton, I had got rather too much liquor; I saw a man at Tottenham with a bag at his back, and he asked me to carry it for him, I did not know what was in it; just before I came to the Red-lion, I missed him, I thought he had stopped to make water, but he did not come up, and the watchman stopped me. 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 48.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
