





346. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CUMMINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of June
, two silver table-spoons, value 15s.
             the property of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  M'Neale
               




            , Esq.




                  MARY
                   BATEMAN
               



             sworn. - I was in the service of Mr. M'Neale at the time this was stolen; Mr. M'Neale is a captain in the 18th light dragoons
; the corporal brought the prisoner to see if he approved of him, but he was not at home; the young man waited for the captain to see him; I had to go up stairs about my business; there is a closet in the kitchen, where we keep the plate I had in the kitchen; the closet was never locked up, only kept a-jar; I did not miss them till the corporal came; the prisoner took two out; the corporal said, he had a suspicion, for, he said, he saw him take a spoon out of his pocket in the street; I had seen them in the morning about eight o'clock; the prisoner was in the kitchen from about half past eleven till near one; I did not miss them till I was asked if I had my plate right, about seven o'clock in the evening.
THOMAS DEKNIGHT sworn. - I am a constable in the parish of St. James; I had the spoons from corporal Hazard, and have kept them ever since.
WILLIAM HAZARD sworn. - I took a part of a spoon from the prisoner, and part I found in the privy; I took that with the crest upon it out of his pocket; this is the handle of a spoon: on the 3d of June, towards the evening, after I had been at the prosecutor's, about seven o'clock in the evening, I found it in the privy below at the George, in the Haymarket; the prisoner had been there that day about last an hour before I found it. (The spoons were sworn to by 
               
                  Mary
                   Baseman
               



            ).
Prisoner. Q. I would wish to ask him whether he took my clothes away or not out of the room; he says, he found the spoon in my pocket; he took my clothes out of the room while I was a bed? - A. We found them in his pocket, whenhe was in bed, he saw us take them out; his clothes had not been taken out of the room.
Prisoner's defence. They took my clothes out of the room, and brought them back again, and said, I had stolen two spoons; I know nothing of them; I happened to he drunk, and that serjeant enlisted me; it is all out of spite; the captain approved of me, and they took me before a Justice, in Queen-square. and he would not swear me in, because he said I was drunk, and wished me to go to bed; they took the clothes out of the room when I went to bed, and, in the course of an hour or two, told me I had taken the spoons.
Q.(To Hazard.) Did he go to bed before the property was found upon him? - A. That part of the spoon was taken out of his pocket before he went to bed. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice HEATH.
