






428. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     ENGLISH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of July
, a man's saddle, value 10s. a man's great coat, value 5s. fifty printed pamphlets, value 5s. two horse bridles, value 2s. two sessings, value 4s. eight hempen halters, value 1s, five shoe brushes, value 4d. a tin oil kettle, value 4d. an iron hammer, value 6d. three horse cloths, value 4d. a pair of nippers, value 2d. a hempen sack, value 2d. and an iron padlock, value 4d.
             the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Chinnock
               




            .


                  ANN
                   CHINNOCK
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of George Chinnock; I lost the articles in St. John's-street


, they were in a sack, behind a one horse chaise. My husband talks of taking some stables in town, and he brings his things a little at a time; I was in the one horse chaise; the sack was tied behind the chaise with a saddle upon it; I came from Biggleswade, in Bedfordshire; I never see him take it, till the brewer's servant came and told me I was robbed; I was then just at the lower end of St. John's-street.
Q. Did this sack contain all that is in the indictment? - Yes, I believes, and more.
Q. Do you know that any of them were in the sack? - Yes; I saw a great coat put in. They have been in the constable's hands ever since.


                  JOSEPH
                   BALLARD
               



             sworn.
I am a brewer's servant; I saw this lady in a chaise, in St. John street, Clerkenwell; I see her robbed, 
               
                  William
                   Hanover
               



             and I had been drinking a pot of beer at our tap-house, just at the corner of Compton-street, in St. John's-street; we see a man cut the chaise, it was not the prisoner that cut it first, it was another man, that I cannot tell who it was; he went on the pavement again to the other; him that was along with me says, did you see that? I see the man attempt to cut behind that chaise. Then we followed down half down the narrow way of St. John's-street, and then we see this man cut at it again; then the prisoner took it from behind the chaise, and we took him with the property in his arms; he was going from the chaise with it; we took him before he got on the pavement; then I gave it to the other man to hold while I went and stopped the chaise with the lady; I asked the lady whether she had any thing tied behind the chaise? she said she had; I asked her what it was? she said a sadule with a sack. The man that was along with me took care of the sack, while I went with the prisoner to the watch house.
Prisoner. He has been saying very false? - It is all as true as I am alive.
Prisoner. When these men were together, they wanted to know whether they could not acquit a person for such a thing as that, for the sake of the forty pounds.


                  WILLIAM
                   HANOVER
               



             sworn.
I am a cow-keeper; I was in company with the last witness; I saw the prisoner take the property from the chaise; I stopped the prisoner. Joseph Ballard gave notice to the lady; she was in a kind of chair. I took care of the property and kept it till such times my partner went and stopped the chaise; afterwards I took it on my back to the watch-house.


                  Q. 
               


            What time of the day did this happen? - A little before ten o'clock at night.
- PARKER sworn.
I am the constable of the night; the sack was brought to me, it has been in my possession ever since; it is here.
Prosecutrix. It is my property all of it.

Prisoner. I had been up to say brother that I work for, and coming back again I saw this sack laying in the road, and I went and picked it up directly; picking it up I was hardly on the pavement with it when these men came and asked me whose it was? I told them I did not know rightly; they asked me what I was going to do with it? I told them I was going to take it to the next public house to leave it there, and enquire who owned it.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
