





369. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of July
, a silver watch, value 21 s. one metal seal, value 18 d. a base metal watch-key, value 2 d. a linen handkerchief, value 10 d. the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hall
                     




                  , privily from his person
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  THOMAS
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
I am a coach joiner
, Oxford-street; on the 22d of July last, I believe at a quarter past twelve at night, coming up the Haymarket, this woman asked me for something to drink, which at first I refused; but to get rid of her, I went with her, and gave her a glass at the bar; I went into no private room, I believe it was a glass of brandy, or it might be gin, I cannot say positively; I went to the bottom of the street, Richmond-street


, I believe it goes into Wardour-street, I thought of going home through Wardour-street, and I felt her hand in my pocket, and I thought I felt my watch go, but was not certain directly, for she pushed me about; I went back with her to the bottom of the street, thinking I had lost my watch, till I came to the watchman at the corner of the street, I charged him with her, and he took her to the watch-house; there they asked me if I had lost any thing else; I said no, because I then did not know it, but she delivered the handkerchief up when they were going to search her.



                  RICHARD
                   CAREY
               



             sworn.
I am watchman of St. James's parish; at about a quarter past twelve, on the 22d of July, Thomas Hall called to the watchman, and I came to him, and he desired me to take charge of this woman; I did so, and took her to the watch-house, and the watch was found upon her.


                  ALEXANDER
                   WELLINGTON
               



             sworn.
I was constable of the night; this woman was brought to the watch-house by the prosecutor and watchman, and she pulled out and gave me the watch, and said he gave her the watch to hold till he gave her two shillings, when they went back to a house where they had been before to have some gin; (Produced.) In the other pocket was the handkerchief, which the prosecutor claimed, and did not know he lost it till he saw it.
(Deposed to.)
Court. Had you given her that watch to hold for two shillings? - I should hardly have done it, when I had plenty of money in my pocket.
Wellington. When the woman said that at the watch-house, I asked the prosecutor if he had any money in his pocket; and he immediately put down on the table half a guinea and some silver.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going down the Hay-market a little after twelve o'clock, and the prosecutor asked me if I would go home with him, and we went and had some gin at two different places; he then asked me what he should give me; I told him two shillings: he pulled two six-pences out of his waistcoat pocket, and I told him I would not accept of that: he said he had no more silver about him, and asked me if I would trust to his honour; I told him I would not; he said he had gold about him, and said he would leave his watch with me, and would go back to the house where we had the first liquor, and get change, and give me the two shillings; I went along with him, and afterwards he asked me for his watch, and because I would not give it him without the two shillings, after some words, he gave the watchman charge.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privily
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
