





78. 
               
                  
                     PRISCILLA 
                     HODDER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing half-a-guinea, two half-crowns, and three shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hebborn
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HEBBORN
               



             sworn.
I am a cooper
; I live in Gravel-lane, Southwark; I was coming from Bridgewater-square, Barbican, about 12 o'clock in the night; the prisoner was standing by a publick-house door; she asked me to give her a glass; I was rather in liquor; I gave her 6 d. and a glass; I drank none myself: when I came out, she stroked me down; a man was coming by, and told me to take care of my pocket; there was half-a-guinea, two half-crowns, and three shillings; she took it all; I told her, if she would give me the half-guinea, I would forgive her the rest; but she would not; for I did not want to have any thing to do with it; I never was before any of your justices before: the watchman took her to the watch-house, and searched her, and found nothing about her, but her hand clinched, and there was the money in her hand.
Mr. Peatt, Prisoner's Counsel. What o' clock was it? - About twelve.
You was boozy? - I could walk very well, and knew what I was about; I saw nobody but the watchman, the woman, and myself.
You told the woman you would not prosecute her, if she would give you the half-guinea? - I did.


                  WILLIAM
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn.
I am officer of the night; I took the prisoner into custody, and searched her, but found only sixpence, which the prosecutor gave her; on looking at her, I saw her hand closed; I caught hold of it, and found half-a-guinea and eight shillings; he promised to forgive her, if she would give him the half-guinea.


                  JOHN
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am constable of the ward. (Deposed the same as the last witness). I found the money in her left-hand.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The prosecutor gave me sixpence first; then he gave me the rest of the money himself, and told me there was half-a-guinea among it.
Prosecutor. I declare, upon my oath, I never gave her only one sixpence.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who her a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
