






230. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of January
, two hempen sacks, value 2 s. eight bushels of barley, value 30 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Duncan
                  




               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  THOMAS
                   PIERCE
               



             sworn.
I am a lighterman, a servant of Mr. Duncan's, he is a corn facter
 and lighter-man
; I know a barge of the name of Yarmouth, it was laying at the Hermitage stairs


, on the Middlesex side of the river, within about twenty-five yards of the shore, there were two hundred quarters of barley in it. On the 23d of January, Wednesday, about a quarter after seven at outside, it was moon light, I went there with a little boy, I perceived the prisoners long side of the barge, they were in a boat, I had seen them before on the river, I cannot say I had seen them very often. When I came along I saw them take up one sack and hawled the cloth on the remaining part of the vessel; they lifted it to the skiff in which they were; the Yarmouth was about two foot and a half from the edge of the water; they could reach to the cargo of the barge standing in the skiff; they perceived me coming to the barge when they had lifted the sack into the skiff, and they shoved away; I said to the little boy, pull, and I held my arm out and lay hold of the skiff; I was about twenty-two feet from them when I saw them and I called to them not to heave them overboard, they had two in the skiff, but I only saw them actually take one; just as they had taken the two sacks and heaved them overboard, I jumped into the skiff immediately; the prisoner Tucker hove one overboard on one side and then he turned to get the other over, he could not get it overboard without assistance; I never lost sight of him from the time I saw him take onesack from the barge till the time I saw them thrown overboard. I called to one Henry Hall to shove off; I then called out to him that they had been robbing the barges, he is a watchman to Mr. Duncan, he watches on the barges, but it was not in his charge then, he shoved off; we got into the skiff and Tucker made use of an expression, and asked what I could swear to? the words that he used were, buggar you, what can you swear to now? on this I and Hall secured them; they surrendered quietly; we put them in custody of the headborough.
Q. How far from the barge was it they threw the sacks overboard? - It might be twenty yards from the Yarmouth. I went to that spot the next day, somewhere about nine in the morning; Mr. Hall and Corsaint made a search and got the things.
Q. Whereabouts is the value of these sacks of barley? - I cannot say.
Court. Was there nothing but barley in that barge? - Nothing but barley, all Mr. Davis's.
Prisoner Tucker. I want to ask whether he saw me along side of the craft or not? - I saw them both.


                  HENRY
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
I am a waterman, and watchman to Mr. Duncan. On the 23d of January and at about a quarter after seven, it was just low water, and I was shoving off to go and fetch the barge ashore to Mr. Henley's wharf, I mean the Yarmouth barge, just as I was going off 
               
                  Thomas
                   Pierce
               



             called out to me, bear a hand for the barge is robbed; I did not see them rob the barge; I was in sight in a minute and I saw the two prisoners at the bar chuck the two sacks overboard; I cannot say I had not known them before; they never got away from me; I never was so far off as I am from you; 
               
                  Thomas
                   Pierce
               



             stepped in first and I stepped in afterwards; one of them, I don't know which of them, made that speech, what can you swear now? I cannot recollect which, I was all in a flurry, at that time the sacks were overboard; we secured them and delivered them to the headborough and went to the justice's with them the next morning before day light; I went to the spot, I reckon about a quarter after six in the morning, it was then low water and we found the two sacks, I and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Corsaint
               



            , the sacks were full covered with water about ten feet; I grappled as near as I could to the spot and I found two sacks, and one of them with my master's name on it, the sacks were full of barley; they are here; I carried them on shore to the wharf and delivered them on the top of the wharf to Mr. Henley's wharf; the barley has been emptied and dried, because it would have spoiled; but the sacks have been in my possession ever since.
(The sacks deposed to.)


                  THOMAS
                   CORSAINT
               



             sworn
I went with the last witness to grapple for the sacks on the morning of the 24th; I did not see any thing that passed on the 23d; I found two sacks, I found them where the last witness described, they were full.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   DUNCAN
               



             sworn.
The cargo on board the Yarmouth was two hundred quarters of barley; all that is in the craft I am accountable for to my employer; we often borrow sacks, one of the sacks is my own the other was borrowed of Messrs. Duncan and Walker; I have no doubt that that is my property. The next day there were three sacks missing, but we have only found two, and since the 23d I have been robbed three times on the river.
Prisoner Tucker. I was going to give a man a cast on board of a vessel where this barge laid; after I took and shovedfrom the barge there was another in a boat that I pulled right outside in the middle of the river, that man there came along side of us, but I had nothing at all in the boat, nor did I take nothing at all overboard.
Prisoner Brown. We were not nigh the barge when this man see us, he came and stepped into the boat and drove on the shore; we don't know any thing at all about these sacks of barley.


                  William
                   Tucker
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 18.)


                  Thomas
                   Brown
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
