





174. 
               
                  
                     HARRIET 
                     WRAY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Lawrence 
                           Goodwin
                        




                     
                  , on the king's highway, on the 13th of March
, and putting him in fear, and feloniously taking from his person and against his will, one silver watch, value 50 s. one brass watch key, value 1 d. one man's hat, value 1 s. a muslin neck-cloth, value 2 s. a pocket handkerchief, value 6 d. a pair of gloves, value 2 d. a penknife, value 6 d. one guinea and two shillings, in monies, numbered
            , his property.


                  LAWRENCE
                   GOODWIN
               



             sworn.
I am a taylor
. On the 11th of March, Sunday, I went to dinner at an acquaintance's in Stanhope-street: we drank rather freely: coming home through Great Russel-street


 I met the prisoner: it was about eight in the evening: there were two others with her; they pulled me about, and took my watch: the prisoner was one who laid hold of me; she was the first; one of the others took my hat off; and I laid hold of the prisoner; then one of them came and stuck her nails into my hand. I saw the things mentioned in the indictment when I left the Crown: I could not swear who took my hat, but I know the prisoner took my watch; she had fast hold of me by the breast: they threw me down off the pavement, and ran off: I have seen the prisoner several times in Russel-street, but never spoke to her before: the prisoner might ask me for something to drink, but I cannot say whether she did or not: I am positive she is the person: I am not mistaken. On the Monday following I went to Mr. Gastrell, and informed him: we went, and he found her in a cellar in King's-head-court, Gray's-inn-lane.
Court. Did not Gastrell tell you there was a reward? - No.
Don't you know there is a reward? - No.
Have you ever found your watch? - The pawnbroker has got it: I know my watch; 225 is the number, and the maker's name is 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Ronmall
               



            .


                  ROGER
                   GASTRELL
               



             sworn.
The prosecutor called upon me and gave me an information of the robbery; I wentafter the girl, and found her in a deplorable state; she said, you are come about the watch; I told her she had better tell the truth: she said the watch was pawned in Wild-street, at Collins's: I went to the pawnbroker's, and found the watch, and made him bring the watch to Bow-street: this duplicate (produces a duplicate) I found in Cockpit-alley.


                  ANN
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
The prisoner came to my house and asked for a lodging. I keep a lodging-house, No. 7, Cockpit-alley, Drury-lane. I told her I could not trust her; she said she would pawn something on Monday morning; I let her stay; and accordingly on Monday she produced a watch, and said she had two children by a young man, and had got his watch to pawn, and desired me to get it pawned for a guinea, which I did, at Collins's: the girl came to my house on Sunday last was fortnight: I delivered the duplicate to Gastrell on Monday: she came back on the Thursday before, and said she had not broke her fast for two days, and I rather took pity over her, and lent her two shillings, and let her go to bed, and she let me have the duplicate of the watch.


                  RICHARD
                   ROZELL
               



             sworn.
I produce a silver watch; it was pawned by 
               
                  Ann
                   Smith
               



            ; I have kept it ever since. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
Please you, my lord. This gentleman asked me to take him home; I did; and when he got there he said he did not like to go up stairs, because he was a married man, and was known in the neighbourhood; he was very much in liquor; and he gave me three shillings and sixpence, to have connections with me in the passage; when I went to go out I kicked something; I stooped to pick it up, and what should it be but a watch; that is all that I know about it.
Prosecutor. There is not a word of truth in her defence.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not violently from the person
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


