






413. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SIMS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th day of October
, one callico handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Lavender
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD
                   LAVENDER
               



             sworn.
On Saturday night, the 8th of October, I lost my handkerchief, about ten, about the middle of Greek-street


; I felt something touch my right hand-side very slightly, I immediately turned round and perceived my handkerchief go out of my pocket, and the person who took it, gave it to another that was with him; I instantly charged the man who took it, but two men that were with him surrounded me, and said d - n the b - r, knock him down. I let the man go, and struck him across the head with my stick, which broke; then I retreated, and called watch, and the man was secured; he was out of my sight only a moment; I am certain he was one of them, it was a very light night, and very near a large biscuit baker's shop. I did not get my handkerchief again.


                  JOHN
                   CUMMINS
               



             sworn.
I heard a noise in Greek-street, I had a pint of beer, and I left it, and went to the noise, and heard a blow and a stick fall to the ground; then I heard these men make use of that word, and aimed a blow at the prosecutor, but missed it; the rest ran away, and this man was taken. I am sure he was the man that I saw aim the blow at Mr. Lavender. The prisoner was never out of my sight.


                  WILLIAM
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I am the watchman, I stopped the prisoner, who was running; the watch was called, and the prosecutor came up, and gave charge of him.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had been up to Berner's-street, and returning I saw three or four young men before me, and I heard somebody say I have lost my pocket handkerchief, and my detainer caught hold of a man in black, and then he took me.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
