






285. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  BOYDEN
               




             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of March
 last, twenty yards of cloths, value 20s. the goods of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Roles
                     




                  , Spinster
, privily in her shop
            .
ELIZABETH ROLES sworn. - I live at No. 51, Bethnal-Green


; I keep a haberdather's-shop
, and deal in lines and stockings; I lost on the 28th of March last, a piece of cloth, containing twenty yards; between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, two men came into the shop, and purchased a pair of stockings, and paid three shilling and sixpence for them, and a skain of thread for a halfpenny; I missed the cloth immediately after they quitted the shop, I went to the door and informed a neighbour of mine, 
               
                  John
                   Biggs
               



            , and he apprehended them.
JOHN BIGGS sworn. - I produce the cloth, this lady, informed me of the two men; I went after them, and cried stop thief, and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Payne
               



             dropped a piece of cloth from under his coat; I took up the cloth, they both run away; I cried, stop thief, and took them and brought them to the watch-house; I have kept the cloth in my possession ever since. (The cloth produced).


                  Elizabeth
                   Roins
               



            . This is my property, there is no mark on it now, but there was one when they took it, there are twenty yards of it.


                  JOHN
                   LEE
               



             sworn. - I was at work at Mr. Tunnis's fields, a gentleman called out, stop thief, I am across the fields and stopped these two men, I held them both, they wanted to get away.
Bayden's defence. I was going to my uncle's, as I was going, I went to this lady's shop and bought a pair of stockings, and paid for them, and these men catched hold of me, and told me I was a thief.
Payne's defence. I was going along, and I went into the shop, and asked the price of some shawls, but there were none that suited me, I went away, and they took me.
George Boyden, GUILTY, (Aged 26.)
Of 


               stealing to the value of 4s.
            

Thomas Payne, GUILTY. (Aged 24.)
Of stealing to the value of 4s.





               Transported for seven years
            .
 Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justic BULLER.
