





332. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PORTSMOUTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of March
, eight live tame hens, value 12s. three live tame rabbits, value 3s. and a basket made of willow, value 1s. 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Walkling
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   WALKLING
               



             sworn. - I am a waggoner
: On the 27th of March, coming through Kensington


, I lost a basket of fowls and rabbits, it was tied underneath the waggon, it contained eight tame fowls and three tame rabbits; it was cut from the waggon; the man is here that saw the prisoner cut it; the fowls and rabbits were sold; they were taken to Bow-street. The basket is here. (Produces the cord and the basket.)


                  THOMAS
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn. - I am watchman and constable of the night for Kensington: Between two and three in the morning of Tuesday, the 27th of March, I saw the prisoner cut the rope, and the basket dropped, he then took it on his shoulder and carried it ten or twelve yards; I took it from him, and pursued him; I never lost sight of him till I secured him; there were eight fowls and three rabbits in the basket, all alive; this is the basket.
Q.(To Walkling.) Are you responsible for these fowls? - A. They were my own, I bought them to bring up to London for sale. This is my basket.
- sworn. - I am a watch-house keeper: I heard Williams call out for help; I came up to his assistance, and he beat me about very much; when I got him just to the door of the watch-house, I had got the door open, he pulled out a knife, and said, he would cut the first bloody thief's arm off that attempted to shut the door. I found a crow that had dropped from him.
Prisoner's defence. The first time I saw those fowls was upon William's shoulder; he told me the fowls had been cut from a waggon, and sent me forward to ask three waggons that had gone past whether they were their's or not; and two of them said, no; and then he laid hold of me, and said I was one of the thieves.
Q.(To Williams.) Is what you have sworn true? - A.It is.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 46.)
The Court immediately passed sentence of 


               transportation for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
