





167. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HAYMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 23d of February
 last, a pinchbeck watch, value 25 s. a base-metal watch-chain, gilt with gold, value 2 s. and a steel seal, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Miller
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   MILLER
               



             sworn.
On the 23d of February I was at the Sugar-loaf, Bell-yard


, with a company of private persons; they went, and I remained; and about ten minutes after the prisoner at the bar came in: I went out, and laid my watch upon the table, immediately before my seat, and left no man in the room but the prisoner: when I came back, the prisoner was wiping up the very part of the table where I had left my watch: I did not think of the watch then, but went to my chambers at Serjeants-inn; and having occasion to know what it was o'clock, I missed my watch, in less than ten minutes: I immediately returned, and the boy was out; I called several times, and he never returned: on the Sunday following his master apprehended him, and sent for me, and the duplicate was found.
Prisoner's Counsel. Was you drunk or sober? - Perfectly sober.
Did you leave your watch there as a place of safety? - I had left it there fifty times before; it is a private room.

It might be a proper room, if you wish to lay a trap for a man's life.
(The Counsel for this was reprimanded by the Court.)


                  ROGER
                   GASTRELL
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, and Mr. Miller gave me charge of the prisoner on Sunday the 27th of February: at first the prisoner denied knowing any thing about the watch, but I told him he had better confess; and I found the duplicate on the floor, in his master's room; the prisoner was in that room at the time: I went to the pawnbroker, and ordered him to bring the watch to the justice.
Prisoner's Counsel. You found it in the room, not on the prisoner? - In the room.


                  WILLIAM
                   CLARK
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Mullein, pawnbroker. On the 26th of February the prisoner pledged a metal watch for one guinea; I did not know him before, but I am sure he is the person; he pledged it in his own name, and said it was his own, and that he lived at No. 25, Chancery-lane; it had no chain nor seals.
Prisoner's Counsel. You had never seen the prisoner before? - No.
How long might he have been in your shop? - About ten minutes: I am sure he is the same boy.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
A man asked me to pawn the watch, and keep the duplicate; I never saw him before nor since.
(The watch produced, and deposed to.)
(The constable gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
