





411. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 7th of June
, a silver watch, value, 40s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Ransom
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .


                  THOMAS
                   RAMSOM
               



             sworn.
I was very much in liquor, I cannot recollect any of the circumstances; I can only swear to the watch.


                  WILLIAM
                   PAGE
               



             sworn.
On the 7th of this month I was on duty, and patroling in Swallow-street; I came out at twelve o'clock; I belong to the Royal Exchange Fire-office; when I went to the upper part of Tottenham-court-road I crossed the way, and came back the right hand side of the way; just by Francis-street I met two men, I went between them, having my pole-axe upon my shoulder; they looked very stern at me; I saw a public-house window shutters down and the bar bent; I looked in, as it was my duty to do, to see if there was any fire; it was about one o'clock, there was a pane of glass out, and the curtain blowed through; I thought the house had been broke open; I then went for two watchmen, and told them a house was broke open, and they came with me and another, which made three; they went and alarmed the house, and the people examined all about and found nothing gone; I left the house and was coming down upon my duty again towards St. Giles's; I saw two men, which I thought were the same two men I had seen before with great coats on; I went between them with my pole-axe upon my shoulder; I thought they might give me a lick, and I thought I would be ready for them; I stopped at a watering-house facing a timber-yard, and saw one of them go towards a watchman's box; the watchman was at a little distance; he was there upon his knees groping about, I thought his intention was to get over this watchman's box and get over to a soap-manufactory that was behind; then I saw him come back to his comrade, and he did the same, and then they went off; I went to the watchman, as he was coming to his box, and said, what are those eternal villains about at your box; he said, it was only a man drunk there, and he put down his lanthorn and looked at him, and said, the gentleman had lost his watch and money; he asked me my name, and what office I belonged to; he seemed apprehensive he should get into some trouble about it, if he did not know where to find me; I told him my name, and went away; the gentleman that was drunk in the box was Mr. Ransom; I then went towards St. Giles's, and met another watchman, and was telling him of it and another watchman, and we saw two men coming; and he asked me if I thought those were the same men; I said I could not tell, and the hindermost ran away; the prisoner crossed the pavement and went into the middle of the road, and the watchman stepped off the pavement and seized him by the collar, and put his hand to his pocket and swore he had got the man's watch; and then he was taken to the watch-house; I did not see him searched; I left him in charge of the watchman, George Turner.


                  GEORGE
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman in St. Pancras; the last witness told me there were two men, and that a gentleman had lost his watch, and likewise a house broke open; we had not been talking above two or three minutes when I saw two men coming; I said, very likely they might be them; upon that one of them turned back, I suppose he saw us, the other came down by us; I asked the fireman, if that was one of them; he said he could not tell; then I said to him, let it be right or wrong I will search him, and I stopped him in the middle of the street; I put my hand to his breeches pocket, and found that he had got a watch in his pocket; I turned myself round and said, here is the man's watch, and immediately sprung my rattle, thinking the watchman would pursue the other man; my partner came over to my assistance, and then we took him to the watch-house; I searched him, and took the watch out of his pocket, and I delivered it up to the watch-house-keeper.


                  CHARLES
                   CHINNEY
               



             sworn.
I am watch-house-keeper at the bottom of Tottenham-court-road; the prisoner was brought to our watch-house on the 7th of June, about two o'clock in the morning, Turner had hold of him by the pocket, and the watch in it; (produces the watch).
Ransom. This is my watch, the maker's name is Williams, and I know it by the seal and chain; I remember having it that night in Tottenham-court-road; I am sure I had it in my pocket at one o'clock.
Prisoner's defence. I was in Tottenham-court-road; I had been at the Adam-and-Eve, and coming towards home, I saw a man pass before me, and another behind me; I picked the watch up, and before I had got twenty yards, the watchman took me.
Turner. Here is another witness here that assisted me in taking him.


                  BARTHOLOMEW
                   WEST
               



             sworn.
My partner took the prisoner, and I came to his assistance; and immediately upon my coming up to him, he threw a pistol away from him, I picked it up, and found it was charged. (Produces it).
GUILTY, (Aged 21.)




               Of stealing, but not privately from the person
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before The LORD CHIEF BARON.
