





300. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     STANTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of June
 last, ten silver table spoons, value 5 l. and six silver desert spoons, value 48 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Denton
                        




                     
                  , widow
, in her dwelling-house
            .


                  ANN
                   DENTON
               



             sworn.
I am a widow. I lost the things in the indictment from my house, on Thursday the 23d of June, out of the parlour. The prisoner was a stranger to me, I was not at home; I saw them when I went out that day between ten and eleven, they were lying on the side board in the dining parlour. None of them have been found.


                  THOMAS
                   PLOTHER
               



             sworn.
I have been a servant of Mrs. Denton's two years, I was at Mrs. Denton's door, and a man, not the prisoner, came to me, and said, my man, what number is yours? I said No. 11, Sir; then, says he, I am very right, I came from Mr. Booth to take your jack down. Then the prisoner came in after him, and the parlour door was open. I ran up stairs. He locked the door when he went out, and when I came up the door was locked. I had put the spoons on the slab, half dozen desert spoons, I missed them directly, they were all taken away, and this man came up with three spits in his hand and the jack, and was going out of doors with it; he got out of the street door, and was as far as the parlour window; I saw a shoemaker come along, and I asked him to stop him, as he had robbed our house; I saw him stopped, I never lost sight of him. The watchman took him, his name is Cockshaw; nothing was found upon him.


                  JONATHAN
                   COCKSHAW
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner in Bolton-street, Piccadilly (Mr. Denton lives there) about two yards from the door, very near the curb stone, he had a jack on his left shoulder and a basket in his right hand; he had no spits about him, the spits were in the passage. The boy was exclaiming about losing the spoons; at first I drew back; I took him by myself had him to the watch-house, and to Sir 
               
                  Sampson
                   Wright
               



            , and he was committed.


                  WILLIAM
                   BOOTH
               



             sworn.
I live in Swallow-street, I never saw the prisoner in my life, till I saw him in Bow-street; I never sent a man at any time to take down a jack, I always do that business myself.
Court to Mrs. Denton. What is the value of these spoons? - I suppose they might be worth five or six pounds at least, I cannot tell positively the value.


                  JOHN
                   JUKE
               



             sworn.
The prisoner worked for me nine months, I am a whitesmith, about a year and a half ago, I never saw the least dishonesty of him in my life. I am a housekeeper.




               GUILTY. 39 s.
             (Aged 26.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
