





251. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BRODIE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, twenty yards of callico, value 40 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     M'Murdoch
                  




               
            .
Mr. Garrow opened the case.


                  JOHN
                   GARDNER
               



             sworn.
I am a labourer to any gentleman; I was employed for Mr. Peasty, at Clay-hall


, which is about a quarter of a mile from these grounds; last Monday I saw the prisoner come down the fields, untie a bundle, and take out a piece and tear it; I went to him, and asked him what he was going to do with it; I did not know him; he told me he did not know; I directly took him into custody, to this house at Clay-hall, the nearest public-house; I sent for Mr. Fletcher, he works for Mr. M'Murdoch; I asked him whether he knew that piece; he said yes; and Mr. Fletcher disposed of him afterwards.
Mr. FLETCHER sworn.
I am a callico print-cutter, the prisoner is a glazier
; I was at Clay-hall, the last witness brought him in with a piece of callico. (The cloth produced.) This is my master's property, I know it to be so, I knew the pattern before, Mr. M'Murdoch's name is upon it, it is in a finished state except glazing; they sell it in this state sometimes, I should know the pattern. The prisoner said, pray let me go, I will not face Mr. M'Murdoch; I delivered him to the constable.


                  WILLIAM
                   LANE
               



             sworn.
I superintend the business, the prisoner is a glazier, he might earn three pounds a week; it was his duty to have glazed it; we deliver it as it is, we print them; I heard of it on Monday, I said I was sorry to hear it; he said very little about it.
- SEYMOUR sworn.
I am headborough, it was delivered to me, it has been in my custody ever since.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was not in my senses when I did it; I never yet earned thirty shillings a week.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
