





607. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     RUSSELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of October
, nineteen pounds weight of cheese, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Clarke
               




            .


                  RICHARD
                   PARR
               



             sworn. - I am servant to 
               
                  Thomas
                   Clarke
               



            , a waggoner
: I was coming along the road with my waggon; near Maidenhead-Thicket, I took up a hamper for the prisoner, he brought it himself; he went along with me as far as Colnbrook; I was going to stop all day, and he said, he wanted to go forward; and he would get into the waggon, and change his clothes, and he desired me to go in and get sixpennyworth of gin and water; I went in and left him in the waggon; it was twenty minutes before he came to me; when he came in, he paid for the gin and water, and went on with a sack; I saw him come out of the waggon, with a sack on his back; I had sixty-one cheeses to leave at Oxbridge.
Q.Where was the waggon at the time he left you? - A. At Colnbrook; I missed it about half an hour afterwards; I got upon my horse, and the landlord and I went after him; we overtook him at the Magpie, Hounslow-heath; I asked him if he had got the cheese, and he made me no answer; I put my hand to the sack, and pulled out the cheese, and I swore to it; it had the mark of a B upon it, and had been squeezed, which I observed before I put it into the waggon; I sent for a constable, and he offered me a guinea and a watch to let him go; I delivered the cheese to the constable.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. The prisoner is an old acquaintance of your's? - A. Yes; I used to carry money to his daughter.
Q. I believe you took it in your head to be entertained with a boxing-match on the road? - A. No.
Q. Do you mean to swear that you did not desire him to drive your waggon on for six or seven miles, while you went to look at a boxing-match? - A. No.
Q.It was his own sack that he took out of the waggon? - A. No.
Q.Was it your's? - A. No.
Q. Did you not see the sack opened, and found it filled with his clothes, and a quantity of shoes and boots, and apples? - A.There was a coat and waistcoat of his in the sack, and some apples.
Q. Did not the prisoner say to you, if you had lost a cheese, the man, who was in the waggon. might have put it into the sack? - A. No; he did not.
Q. Did not two men ride in the waggon to town? - A. No.
Q. Do you mean to swear, that during the time you were driving the waggon, there was no man in the waggon? - A. Yes.
Q. And you mean to say that you never left the waggon? - A. Yes.
Q. At the time you supposed you had lost the cheese, did you count them? - A. No; I did not then, only from the appearance of the waggon, I knew there was one gone.
Q. Was there not a person who ran away from the public-house the moment the charge was made? - A. No; there was not.


                  THOMAS
                   LEDIARD
               



             sworn. - I keep the Golden Cross, at Colnbrook; the first that I saw was the waggoner drinking some gin and water; the prisoner came in soon after, and drank with him; about half an hour after that, he missed the cheese; and we took a horse a piece, and overtook him at a public-house at Hounslow; I saw the cheese taken out of the sack, and delivered to the constable.
Mr. Alley. Q. Did you not see a man run away from that public-house? - A. No.(
               
                  James
                   Cooper
               



            , the constable, produced the cheese).
Parr. This is the same cheese.
Prisoner's defence. I drove his waggon to Maidenhead; he stopped and had his breakfast; and afterwards he stopped to look at a fight; he never overtook me till I got to Colnbrook; how the cheese came into the sack, I do not know.
The prisoner called seven witnesses, who gave him a good character. 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 36).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
