





31. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GILES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Burkett 
                           Fenn
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of six in the night of the 2nd of November
, and burglariously and feloniously stealing therein three pair of stockings made of silk and cotton, value 12 s. and one pair of cotton stockings, value 3 s. 6 d. the goods of the said 
                     
                        Burkett
                         Fenn
                     



.


                  RICHARD
                   JENKINS
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Burkett Fenn, I am his shopman, he is an hosier
, I am his journeyman; on the 24th of last month, about six in the evening, two men came in and asked if our window had been cut, or any of the stockings taken out, I told them I believed not. I went outside, and did not see any glass cut, one of them pulled out two pair of stockings out of his pocket, and asked me if I knew them; I then went to that part of the shop where these sort of stockings laid, and I found then that the glass was cut, and four pair of stockings taken out; the people who made the enquiry were the constables, Jacobs and Humphries.
Q. What kind of stockings were they? - Three pair of mixed silk and cotton, and one a pair of red and white cotton, I put them in the window that morning myself. I know nothing of the prisoner at the bar.


                  LAZARUS
                   JACOBS
               



             sworn.
I and Humphries took the prisoner at the bar, in company with two more men in Houndsditch; they had made several attempts at the windows, accordingly I followed them; when they came to Cornhill, the prisoner at the bar and the others went to the window of the shop, and stood against it; this was about six o'clock, on the 24th of November; in a few minutes afterwards I saw them come away from the window, and I sawthe prisoner put something up towards his sleeves, underneath his coat. I said to my brother officer, I will be bound they have got something, let us go after them, I followed them to the London Tavern, and I took the prisoner, and took hold of him; on that he dropped the stockings, my brother officer struck him over the head, immediately away he set to his heels, and my brother officer after him; I have got the stockings, and have had them in my possession ever since; here is half a coat which I tore off in the struggle.
Prisoner. Be so good as to ask him how long I was in the public house before the stockings were brought in, I was full a quarter of an hour. - The stockings were brought in directly. (Produced and deposed to.)
Q. Was any thing else found on them? - No.
Q. Was the other person with him at the window? - They were both at the window.
Prisoner. The stockings were brought in by a baker's boy. - As soon as he dropped them I picked them up, and my brother officer went in chace of him; they laid on the table while I was attempting to tie his hands.


                  JOHN
                   HUMPHRIES
               



             sworn.
Jacobs and I were going up Houndsditch, on the 24th of November last, and saw three people going along stoping at several windows trying to break them, but they still walked on till they came to Cornhill, where I saw the prisoner working at the window to break it open; we then ran, and Jacobs catched hold of him and tore his coat. I struck him, and broke my stick over his head, he crossed to Leadenhall Market, ran up the right hand passage, and comes up to the beef hall, and then turns to the right, and comes into Leadenhall-street again; coming up there was a man stopped him; accordingly I grasped at him behind, and catched him, he made a little resistance, but Jacobs coming up we secured him, took him into the public house, and there he was very resolute, and buggered his eyes and limbs and all such expressions as are not fit to mention; and there was a gentleman there, the biscuit maker to the Prince of Wales, who offered to lend a pair of pistols for safety, and another offered to lend a blunderbuss; they were afraid of him, he was such a desperate chap, he swore he would not go without the half of his coat that was broken off, so we put it on arms to pacify him; we put him in the Compter, and there he wanted to turn evidence.
Q. Was there any stockings on his person? - I cannot say; I followed and pursued the man, and left Jacobs with the stockings; I know nothing further.
Prisoner. How long was I in the public house before the boy brought the stockings? - I was busy with him, we had not been there five minutes before I saw the stockings there. I cannot say when or how they were brought in, I am sure he was one of the persons at the house, and that window was broke, and I saw him packing up the bundle under his arm.
Jury. Was any thing found on him to cut glass? - Nothing at all that we found.
Court. You say this was about the hour of six in the evening, was it not light enough to discern any man's face? - It was not, at a distance.
Q. Did you ever lose sight of him? - I never had him out of my sight from the time that Jacobs had first hold of him, I should have knocked him down under the archway, but a butcher's dog catched hold of me and lugged me some little space, for about a yard or there abouts,I never lost sight of him; I am sure he is the person.
Prisoner. Does it stand to reason if this man had seen the stockings drop, and there were two or three of them, that they would not have picked them up.




               GUILTY, of stealing, but not of the Burglary
            . (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
