






423. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PHEALEN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MULLINS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th day of March
, a linen towel, value 10 d. and two cotton doyleys, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Annesley
                  




               
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  ALEXANDER
                   ANNESLEY
               



             sworn.
I live in New Bridge-street, Black-friars


. On Thursday, the 4th of March, my wife and myself spent the evening at a neighbour's in Bridge-street; and between twelve and one, I came home; one of the women servants, with much anxiety, informed me Mullins had a man locked up in the pantry; and I went down in the hall, and found my servant
, Mullins, near the door; I told him he was charged by the servants, with having a man locked up in the plate closet; I do not recollect his particular answer; but he stammered a good deal; and I drew a sword, and insisted on his giving me the key of that closet, which he did with some reluctance; with the other hand I opened the street-door, and called the watch, and gave him in charge of the watchman: the patrol then came up, and I took him down with me where this closet was; I left him in the hall with the watchman, and went down with the patrol, 
               
                  Bernard
                   Bogle
               



            ; I unlocked the closet, and there I found the prisoner Phealen; we dragged him out, and searched him; and he had in his pocket one of my towels, which one of my servants will swear to; several pieces of cord, and some corks; we then searched the trunk of my servant, the prisoner Mullins; and found two cotton doyleys, which my servant will also prove; after that, I sent them to the watch-house; I cannot speak to either of the doyleys, or the towel; I do not recollect what he said; if I recollect right, he said he was a man of character.


                  ANN
                   CULLINGHAM
               



             sworn.
I am cook to Mr. Annesley. Mr. and Mrs. Annesley went out to spend the evening, on the 4th of March, and left three servants to take care of the house; there was 
               
                  Thomas
                   Mullins
               



            , and 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Kearsley,



and me; near nine at night, Mullins was going after a pair of shoes; and at eleven, he returned, and brought 
               
                  James
                   Phealen
               



             in with him; he asked me if my master was come home? I told him, no; he went down into the kitchen with the man, and eat his supper; and after supper, the man and he went into the pantry together; we all four supped together; in the footman's pantry there is a closet where the plate is kept; there is a passage from the kitchen to the pantry; after being there a while, the footman said he must go after his mistress at twelve; he took his hat, and went part of the way up stairs; I asked him if the man was gone out? he answered, yes.
Court. Are you sure he answered yes? - Yes.
You have no doubt about it? - None at all; I asked him which way he went; I did not hear the door; he turned back again, and I perceived him taking a hat off the dresser; he had his own hat before; I looked to see which way he went with it; he took it to the pantry, and put it under a chair; I took no notice; but after he was gone, I took the hat, and carried it up to my fellow servant: when my master came home, I went to the door; I was very much alarmed; I told my master to go up stairs to 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Kearsley
               



            , who would inform him of something, as I was afraid of informing my mistress, who came home with my master in the carriage; my master went up stairs, and came down with a drawn sword, called the watchman, and took the prisoner Mullins into custody; then they came down, and took Phealen out of the plate closet; I held the candle; the prisoner Phealen is the man; he was searched, and a towel was found in his coat pocket; then they took them both away to the watch-house; I saw Mullins's chest searched the next day; and two clean doyleys were found in it; they were my master's, as my mistress said; he has two dozen the same pattern; the prisoner used to put them among his foul linen, to be washed; I do not know that any were missing; the box was opened with the other maid's key.


                  ELIZABETH
                   TOWSLEY
               



             sworn.
I am called the upper servant: the other servant came up stairs, and brought me a man's hat, and desired me to inform my master that a man was locked up in the closet; and asked me to go down and listen; I did so, and rather perceived I heard somebody breathe in the pantry; I went up stairs again, and the other servant came down; when my master came in, the other servant sent him up stairs, and I acquainted him of it; he asked me what was the matter? I told him there was a man locked up in the pantry, which the man had put there: my master went down, and took a drawn sword in his hand; the other servant was washing; Mullins tried to run out of the house; my master stopped him; my master called the watchman and the patrol; they went to the pantry, and with a deal to do, they got the key out of the man's pocket: I did not see the prisoner Phealen taken out of the pantry; he was taken out of the house, and both taken to the watch-house; nothing more was done that night: the box of Mullins's I opened the next day, about twelve, with a key I had from the shelf; no box was opened that night; I took two doyleys out; they were new doyleys.
Mr. Garrow. Do you mean they had never been used at all? - They had been laid on the table twice, but no more.
Then they had not been washed? - No.
Were they clean, or dirty? - They were clean.
Were they your master's property? - Yes; because I know they were what was belonging to two dozen.
How do you know they were the same? - Because I had the care of them.
Are they the same figure as the others? - Yes.
Did you ever look to see if your two dozen was compleat? - Yes; but before, and after, there were two missing.

When were these two discovered to be missing? - About three weeks before.
Mr. Garrow. You locked the box? - Yes.
Where did you find the key? - The key lay on the shelf.
Whose key was it? - It was the key, Sir; I do not know whose key; it was in a drawer where we keep a parcel of old keys; it is not my key.


                  BERNARD
                   BOGLE
               



             sworn.
I am patrol of St. Ann's, Black-friars. On the 4th of March, at half past twelve, I was going my rounds; there was an outcry for the watch and patrol: Mrs. Annesley desired me to go into the kitchen: I found Mr. Annesley there with a drawn sword in his hand; he said somebody was locked up in the pantry; which was the prisoner Phealen; I saw him taken out of the pantry; he had a towel, and a handkerchief, and three pieces of bread, and a parcel of twine; I saw the towel taken out of his pocket: Mr. Annesley owned it; the prisoners were both committed on suspicion of felony; I never saw any doyleys taken out of his box.
Prisoners. We leave it to our counsel.
The prisoner Mullins called six witnesses; and the prisoner Phealen called one witness who gave him a good character.
BOTH 


               GUILTY, 10 d.
            






               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
