





311. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Turner
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of ten in the night, of the 4th of March
, and stealing therein, a silver watch, value 1 l. seven silver tea spoons, value 7 s. and a pair of silver tea tongs, value 2 s. the goods of the said 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Turner
                     



.


                  THOMAS
                   TURNER
               



             sworn.
I live at the horse shoe and magpie, Berner's-street, Soho


. On the 4th of March, my room and bed room was broke open, it was after ten o'clock; I was down at Stanmore that day, and I fancy I was not at home when I was robbed. About half after ten my wife came into the parlour, and told me the bed room door was broke open; with that I went up stairs and looked, and saw some of the drawers broke open, but did not mind any thing then but my watch, which I left hanging up at the bed's head; I came down stairs, and there was some people drinking, and the prisoner with the rest, I insisted on searching every one present, as I had been robbed of a watch, and begged nobody to go out, the prisoner moved tothe end of the box, and I took him by the collar, and I said, I will search you first; I put my left hand into his right hand pocket, and out of that I pulled a chissel, a new one, without a handle turned up at the end; and I put my hand into his pocket again, and I pulled out an handkerchief and three tea spoons, and a pair of tea tongs, they were mine marked I. S. G. I sent for a constable, the constable came, and between his thigh and his breeches, he took out four more tea spoons, and then he further searched him, and took out of his pocket a guinea, two six-pences, half a crown, and several halfpence, that is all we found on him, and several duplicates; the duplicate of the watch was found in his pocket the next day before the magistrate, he was a lodger, he lodged with another black man.
Q. You don't at all know how the bed room door was opened? - I do not.


                  GEORGE
                   NISBITT
               



             sworn.
I am the constable; I was sent for about half past ten on Monday night, the 4th of March, and Mr. Turner gave me charge of the prisoner, and I searched him and found four silver tea spoons between his breeches and his thigh. (Produced and deposed to.) I found the duplicate of the watch in his pocket, in a pocket book, and the money the justice ordered me to keep till I came before your worship; I found the watch by the duplicate, the pawnbroker has it here.
ROBERT ARMSTRONG sworn.
I produce a watch which I believe I took in of the prisoner at the bar, I never saw him before, but I believe him to be the man, it was Monday evening the 4th of March, I belive it might be between eight and nine, he brought it twice, the first time he brought it about eight o'clock or between eight or nine, my fellow servant offered him money upon it, and he asked him whose it was? in a little time afterwards he came again and took what my fellow servant offered; I lent him it, it was a guinea. (The watch deposed to.)
Prisoner. I went to the house to get a pint of beer, and setting and drinking it, the other black man I sleep with, my bed fellow, asked me to go and pawn the watch at the pawnbroker's, he told me to ask three guineas, they said one guinea; I went back to tell him, and he told me to go and get the guinea, and I went and when I came back I gave him the guinea, and then he asked me to go and pawn the spoons, and I would not.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not of the burglary
            . (Aged 17.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
