





277. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PATCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 1st of April
, a cotton counterpane, value 10s. the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Hastings
                     



                  , and six linen shirts, value 6s.
             the property of 
               Richard Coulthard

            .
ELIZABETH HASTINGS sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  George
                   Hastings
               



            , I live in Chapman-street


; I missed the property on the 1st of April, they were taken out of a brown pan in the yard; it was put in water in consequence of a stain; when the girl got up in the morning it wasgone, and the marks of the prisoner's feet all over the yard; I had seen it there the night before; he was taken up the same night by the watchman; the same man had the shirts in his possession, the shirts were in the yard adjoining.
ANN COULTHARD sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard
                   Coulthard
               



            ; they were babies' shirts, they lay in the yard upon some railing, there were half-a-dozen of them; I saw them there a little after eight at night, I forgot to take them in.


                  WILLIAM
                   HILLIARD
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman: On the 1st of April, I heard the prisoner in a garden, about one; I way-laid about there till two, and I saw the prisoner coming out of the garden; I overtook him with a coverlid in his bag, wet, and a woman's coarse apron; I I did not find the shirt upon him till I got to the watch-house.


                  HENRY
                   GRAY
               



             sworn.
(Produces the property). I had this from the watchman.
Mrs. Hastings. This is my counterpane, I know it by the stain.
Mrs. Coultbard. These are my children's shirts, I made them myself.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 43.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
