







224. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HATFIELD
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     EGERTON
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th of February
, fifteen yards and a half of muslin, value 6l. 4s. eleven linen handkerchiefs, value 1l. 12s. the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hand
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  THOMAS
                   HAND
               



             sworn.
I live in St. James's street


, a linen draper
. On Tuesday the 24th of February, about three o'clock in the afternoon the three prisoners at the bar came into my shop, and asked for some muslin for neckcloths and cravats. I went into a middle shop, which we have on purpose for muslins, and took them there on purpose to shew them. They fixed on one, and bought it; they paid me for it, I think, eleven shillings. During my selling them that, I had great reason to suspect that they were had characters. After they had bought the muslin. they wanted some printed caliico that was in the front shop, and we went there. We had none of the pattern they wanted to match.
Q. Did they produce any? - No, only described it. The man asked if we had some stockings? I told him we had; I went and fetched some stockings, and they were not the sort he wanted; he wanted mens, and we had none but them,and he went out of the shop. I mentioned it to our young man; and told him my suspicion that they were thieves. I sent him after them, after some little time, to make an excuse, that I had put up a wrong muslin for them, that I might change it, not knowing then that they had done any harm, only thought so. They were gone up a little street. I really was afraid of charging them with any thing. When they came to the door I told them the same story, that I had given them the wrong muslin, and wished them to come back. They came back pretty readily, and went in. As they stepped up the steps, and went into the shop (I being behind them,) just at the end of the shop, they dropped down eleven linen handkerchiefs, which I trod upon. I then was confirmed, and told them, that I brought them in, not for any mistake, but to examine them. I desired them to walk into the same shop where they bought the muslin, which they did. I then called one of the young women to search them. I see them searched; I stood on one side of the counter and they on the other, after she had felt in their pockets, she said, they had nothing. I said, I am certain they have something, and I came on the other side of the counter to them. As soon as I came near them, this piece of muslin was hanging on our feet.
Q. Who was it upon? - I cannot say. I see the piece of muslin under my feet, and trod upon it.
Q. Were they in company together? - They were. The neckcloths were for the man, and the woman were to look at them; both the women gave their opinion, but Egerton handed it to him, and gave her particular opinion.
Q. When they were buying this muslin for the neckcloths, were they all together? - They were.
Q. Where were the handkerchiefs lying? - On the counter; I had just been shewing them; they were in the front shop.
Q. Is there any private mark on these things? - Yes.
Q. I suppose you had not observed these things missing at first? - Not the least thought of it.
Q. You cannot form any judgment which of the prisoners took the things? No; all three of them stopped, and I stepped on the handkerchiefs.
Mr. Knowlys. Your shop is in St. James's-street, and you have so much custom, that you have many servants in the shop to serve? - Yes, five or six in the whole.
Q. Mrs. Egerton bought some muslin of you? - Yes, she did.
Q. What was the amount it came to? - Eleven shillings.
Mr. Knapp. You have told us that there were some linen handkerchiefs dropped as you came into the shop, you don't know who dropped them? - No. (The things produced and deposed to.)
-GRIMES sworn.
On Tuesday, the 24th of February, about two or three o'clock in the afternoon, I had been up to a lady in Albemarle-street, and when I came back, I see the three prisoners in the shop with Mr. Hand; and another lady coming in, he desired me to shew the prisoner some prints, callico. She did not like the pattern.
Q. Who was that? - Egerton.
Prisoner Egerton. I only came with the lady that wanted to buy. She gave me half a guinea. Mr. Hand came up immediately, and I gave him the half guinea. They went out, and Mr. Hand came into the front shop, and told me he suspected them; and I followed them and brought them back; and see the prisoner Smith pull a piece of muslin outfrom her cloak or must, I cannot say which, and put it behind her back. Mr. Hand called his niece to search, and when she came up, she dropped the muslin; I see it drop; and when his niece searched her, she moved off, and the muslin was picked up by Mr. Hand, I believe.
Mr. Knowlys. Where was Smith at the time you saw this? - In the middle shop.
Q. Where was you? - In the front shop.
Q. And you saw it at that distance? - I did.
Q. Mr. Hand was on the other side of the counter? - Yes.
Q. And they standing near the counter where the muslin was? - Yes.
Q. She standing near the counter the muslin might have brushed from the counter? - I see it drop from her hands.
Q. You would have seen it fall if it sell from the counter? - No, I think I should not, because they stood before me.
Court. They stood with their faces to the counter? - No, they stood rather of the side.
Prisoner Hatfield. On the 24th of February I was returning from Chelsea. I met with Mrs. Egerton and Mrs. Smith. She said she was going to buy some muslin, and handkerchiefs for her husband. I then told her I wanted one, and would be very glad if she would look at some for me. We went to this shop; they shewed us several pieces that we did not like, they were not fine enough. He shewed us some at last that would do; and then she asked to look at some cotton, and then she went into the other shop. I at the same time wanted a pair of stockings. I asked Mr. Hand for a pair of stockings; they brought two pair and shewed them; they were too narrow in the rib; I did not like them. We went out; I had not gone above twenty yards before we were followed, and told the woman had got the wrong muslin. I never was nigh the muslin, nor ever saw any thing of the kind.
Prisoner Egerton. I had been at Pimlico, to pay a quarter's rent, and I went into this shop to buy my husband a neckcloth. The gentleman shewed me one; I did not approve of it; the second I did approve of, and I paid for it, and I came out; and Mr. Hand came and said, I had got the wrong muslin; and I went and unsolded it, and laid it over my arm; and he said, that is not what I mean; I believe that gentlewoman has got something of mine. I insisted on Mrs. Smith being searched; she was searched; he found nothing; he then bid us go about our business. Coming out of the shop he called Smith back again, and said, there was a piece of muslin fell from her.
Prisoner Smith. The gentleman desired me to be searched, I said I had no objection, I laid my muss down, I then put up my petticoat and turned round; the young woman that searched me put her hand into my right hand pocket, and then into my left, and I had not a bit of muslin about me; Mr. Hand says, have you found any thing? she said, no, the woman has got nothing; Mr. Hand came from behind his counter then, and says, here is a piece of muslin; and I am sure I was then a yard and a half from the counter; the counter was full of muslin, and the woman said, she has nothing about her, she has no muslin indeed; I had not a bit, nor did I touch the muslin, as I did not want to purchase any.
The prisoner Egerton called four witnesses to her character.


                  John
                   Hatfield
               



            , 

               Not GUILTY
            .


                  Ann
                   Smith
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 51.)




               Transported for seven Years
            .


                  Sarah
                   Egerton
               



            , Not GUILTY.
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
