





336. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 27th of August
 last, one cornelian seal, set in base metal, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Owen 
                     Evans
                  




               
            .


                  OWEN
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
I am clerk
 to Mr. Williams, Bread-street, a silk manufacturer. On Saturday, the 27th of August, between the hours of nine and ten, going along Newgate-street, nearly facing Warwick-lane


, a person coming by made an attempt at my watch, it was the prisoner. I had a friend with me, and I turned round instantly, and followed the prisoner, and began to search him, and the first thing I found in his hand was my seal: I then examined my pocket, and found the watch was there, and the chain had broke. The constable has the seal.



                  WILLIAM
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I was in company with Mr. Evans, he called out that that man had taken his watch. I turned about with Evans, and saw him take the seal out of the prisoner's hand.
(The seal produced by the constable, and deposed to.)
PRISONER'S DEFENCE.
I was coming down Newgate-street, and I met these two gentlemen together, I went to pass between them, and having a wooden leg, I slipt, and I catched hold of the gentleman's chain. I gave him the seal immediately, he hardly held out his hand for it, while I was on my knees.


                  MARY
                   WILLES
               



             sworn
My husband is a master taylor, and has employed this young man, he lives at No. 20, Market-row, Oxford-market; he has employed him occasionally these nine years; he was always very honest, he employed him five weeks ago.


                  JAMES
                   COX
               



             sworn.
I am a book and printseller, No. 4, High-street, St. Giles's; the prisoner lives the very next door to me, a very honest man, I have known him upwards of two years; he is a taylor, a single man.


                  THOMAS
                   BOYD
               



             sworn.
I am a shoemaker, I have known him eight years, a very honest character.


                  WILLIAM
                   POTTER
               



             sworn.
I am a hair-dresser, No. 12, High-street, Bloomsbury; I have known him fifteen months, a very honest man.
JOHN LIPSCOE sworn.
I am a shoemaker in Stacy-street, No. 1, in New Compton-street; have known him above two years, a very honest man.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 24.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
