





327 
               
                  JOB 
                  TRISTRAM
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March
, four pieces of fir timber, value 5 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lett
                  



               
            , 
               

                        Thomas 
                        Lett
                     



                   the younger



             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lett
                  



               
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  JOHN
                   LETT
               



             sworn.
My partners names are 
               
                  Thomas
                   Lett
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas
                   Lett
               



            , junior and myself, we are timber merchants



, Narrow wall, Lime-house


; we have lost a great quantity of timber at different times.
Q. Have you since been able to find any timber you have lost? - We have found four pieces, two of them lay in Harford-street, Tottenham Court-road, and two in Fitzroy-square.
Q. Had they any mark on them? - Yes, our own mark T. L. cut out in one united, and A. W. another mark, and there were other marks, the ship marks; A. W. meant the person to whom they were sold, 
               
                  Archer
                   Wilson
               



            , but they never went to him because they were stolen first; the day I saw them in Harford-street and Fitzroy-square wasThursday the 28th of March, they were missed since the 12th of January, or about that time.
Mr. Knapp. You have three partners? - Yes, two besides myself.
Q. I understand from my friend's opening just now, Mr. Knowlys, that you are considerable timber merchants, of course you have a great deal of timber of that sort, and I suppose all the timber that belongs to you are marked in the same way.
Court. Not all marked A. W.? - No, only T. and L.
Mr. Knapp. How soon is the mark of T. L. put in the timber that comes to you? - It is marked before it comes to us from the ship; there is also the mark of the feet it contains; the timber was put on the river; it was rafted on our wharf with ropes, and stapled down.
Q. You say you have missed a great quantity of timber before this; has it never happened to you that the timber has floated down the river, and you have found the timber again? - Yes, but we always can tell what timber we miss because of the mark.
Q. In point of fact have you never missed timber before which has gone away and floated down the river? - We very frequently have missed timber.
Q. Have you never missed timber by the casual floating of the raft? - We have from the bridge and other accidents; that is a common thing in trade; somebody picks it up and they are paid for their trouble.
Q. How long before had you an opportunity of knowing what quantity of timber you had on that raft? - This was a quantity of timber marked for a person with A. W. to go away the next morning, it lay under the crane subject to be floated.
Q. How long before had you seen the property, and what quantity had you seen? - The whole number of pieces was seen by me the night before on the wharf.
Q. Then there were a great quantity besides the pieces that were missing floating? - No great quantity.
Q. Only four pieces were missing in the morning? - No, only four pieces.
Q. Then they might have had the accident of floating down the river by the tide? - No, they could not, because the rope was cut and the breast rope was cut, they were evidently cut by an axe, the mark of an axe was plain on the rope.
Q. Then the other pieces might have had an opportunity of floating from the cutting of these pieces? - They might have taken the whole to besure.
Q. The mark A. W. is the mark to whom they were consigned, you did not put that mark yourself? - It was either me or my brother.
Q. You stated to my friend, that you had missed timber ever since the 12th of January, and until the 28th of March you knew nothing at all about it? - We never found it till then.
Q. Had it happened during that time that you missed a great quantity of your property, between the one date and the other? - No, we had not; I should have observed that there were some other pieces, but I cannot fully ascertain what they were.
Mr. Knowlys. From the view which you had of the raft the morning after you supposed they had stolen them, you could not ascertain they could be taken any other way than by cutting the rope with the axe? - I could not.


                  JOHN
                   WOODCRAFT
               



             sworn.
I am a lighterman; I saw the prisoner at the bar in company with Mr. Needs.
Q. Was you ever employed by him or Needs to tow some timber? - I was byNeeds, and that gentleman was with him.
Q. Which of them gave you the directions? - I met them at the place where I took it to, both Mr. Needs and him together; I towed six pieces.
Q. Who first of all applied to you to tow it? - Needs, and that gentleman was in company with him; I towed it from a wharf that belongs to Reed, King's Arms stairs.
Q. How far is King's Arms stairs from Messrs. Letts, where these rafts were, from Narrow Wall Limehouse? - About a quarter of a mile. I towed this timber to Chelsea; when I got to Chelsea I saw both Needs and the man at the bar.
Q. Was you paid for your trouble? - Yes, Needs paid me, Tristram was by.
Q. What did you ask for your trouble? - I did not ask any see at all; I towed it to Gill and Wilson's wharf.
Q. Have you ever seen any of these pieces of timber since that time? - Yes, I went and looked at them, I went to Mary-le-bone near Fitzroy-square, in a timber yard there.
Q. Are you sure that these were a part of the six pieces that you towed up? - I am not sure they are them, but they are marked the same way as those that I did take.
Q. How long ago was this? - Five weeks to day since I towed it up.
Mr. Knapp. Mr. Woodcraft, did you happen to know Needs before? - Yes, because I live just on the spot.
Q. Needs employed you, Needs told you where to take it, Needs paid you; Mr. Woodcraft, did the prisoner during the whole time that he happened to be with Needs seem to have any hand in it at all? did he say any thing at all about it, during the whole time? - He asked me to have something to drink; the prisoner asked me to have some rum and milk.
Q. You say you asked no see whatever? - I did not.
Q. You had been used to be employed by Needs? - No, never before nor since; he paid me.
Q. Needs you know is indicted for this very felony.
Court. No, he is not.
Mr. Knapp. You was shewn some timber afterwards? - I don't understand you; I went into a carpenter's yard to look at them.
Q. And you of yourself had not made any particular observation on them to know them, only by the mark you saw on them? - I cannot pretend to swear they are the same, but they are marked the same.
Mr. Knowlys. Did Tristram ask you to drink before or after you had done the job? - It was on the road.
Court. How were the two marked you saw in the carpenter's yard? - A. W. I did not perceive any other mark; that was a fresh mark.


                  JOHN
                   WITTON
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Messrs. Gill and Wilson, they are masons and builders, and keep a wharf at Chelsea.
Q. Do you know the man at the bar? - No, I never saw him there in my life; I saw the timber lay under the wharf, and I helped to load it when it went away, there was a man there at the first load and he promised to come again to pay the wharfage, but we never saw him any more.


                  RICHARD
                   LOCK
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter; I live in Pedlar's Acre near Limehouse, there was a person came along with the prisoner of the name of Williams or Kemp, I don't know which, for me to draw some timber, I believe it may be near a month ago, I did not do it for him, because the timber had lain under my own wharf, and it was moved from under my own wharf, and I told him I could as well have drawn it from my own wharf as from any other.
Q. Did you see the timber which they applied to you to draw? - Yes, I have seen it since up in Fitzroy-square; I sawnine or ten pieces there, I knew but one of them, and that piece of timber lay at my wharf before ever I took the premises, I bought the lease there, I took the premises the 17th of January; all that I know it by there is a cut in the side of it.
Mr. Knapp. There is a person of the name of Needs, do you know any thing of him? - I bought the lease of the premises of him, on the 17th of January last.
Q. Needs has been looked after on this occasion? - Yes, I looked after him myself along with the officer.
Q. He has absconded then? - He is out of the way.
Q. You say a person of the name of Williams, or Kemp came with the prisoner? - It was not the prisoner applied to me to draw the timber, it was the man along with him, and gave me a paper where to draw it to, which I have now.
Q. Had you known the prisoner before? - Yes, many times I have seen him.
Q. Have you ever heard that he went to the Water Bailiff of the City of London about this affair? -


                  JAMES
                   NICHOLLS
               



             sworn.
I am a carman and builder; I know the prisoner at the bar, he called on me three weeks ago, he came along with Mr. Jackson, a relation of mine, he wanted to draw some timber off from Wilson and Gill's wharf at the Wooden Bridge, Pimlico, up above Chelsea bridge.
Q. And you in consequence of that went to the Wooden Bridge? - I did not the first time, the carriage went twice, I did not go with it the second time but the carriage was detained and I went to see what detained it, and I saw the carriage on the crane, I saw the carriage draw the timber from the wharf; Tristram he hired the carriage; he did not know the peoples name, but he described the place, and I told him it was Gill and Willson's wharf to which he agreed, and said, there should be people there before my carriage to load it; the timber was laid down against the wall of the Westminster Infirmary; I saw both loads laid down there.
Q. Have you seen any of that timber since? - No.
Mr. Knapp. You say he did not know where it was to be taken to till you explained it to him; all the business he had to do was to hire the cart? - He described the place by the Wooden Bridge, and I named the name of the wharf.


                  ROBERT
                   JACKSON
               



             sworn.
I know the prisoner at the bar; I live in Duke-street, No. 13, Portland Chapel. About three weeks ago, on a Sunday, he told me he wanted to find somebody that had a timber carriage to draw timber from Chelsea; in consequence I took him to Mr. Nicholls, I introduced them together, and they bargained for the drawing of the wood; I never was at the wharf in my life.
Q. Do you know what was agreed to pay for drawing it? - I understood 3 s. 6 d. a load; the whole amount of the money was 1 l. 4 s. 6 d.


                  RICHARD
                   BOLD
               



             sworn.
I live in Tottenham-place; Mr. Tristram, and Mr. Needs, whom I knew for some years, offered to sell me some timber, Needs offered some at different times, at last Tristram came with him, he went by the name of a captain, he was called captain; Mr. Needs withdrew, I believe he went out to get some refreshment, and then the captain asked me what quantity of timber I wanted? I told him about a couple of loads, and we agreed for 3 l. per load; then I had some suspicion that it was stolen timber; then when Mr. Needs came again I asked him where was this captain's address? the captain did not hear that.
Q. Did you ask the captain who he was, or what trade he was? - I did not.

Q. Did you ask him what measurement? - I did not.
Q. You say you had some suspicion. Did you buy any then? - No.
Q. Where was it to be brought to? - It was to be brought and laid in the New Ground called Fitzroy-square, about fifty yards from my premises.


                  EDWARD
                   WALES
               



             sworn.
I live in Warren-street, Pancras; I am a carpenter; I have seen the prisoner at the bar, he came along with another man, whose name is Needs, and some timber was brought on my premises before I saw him, it was brought by one Needs, and this gentleman was called captain; I did not see it brought.
Q. Had you any conversation with this man at the bar? - Yes, he went along with me to take the contents of the timber brought on my premises, ten pieces, and five at another place, both he and Needs went with me, the other man said, this is my captain; he went along with us and I gave him the contents, and he pulled out a calender from his pocket and shewed me the price of timber the week before on the Change.
Q. Whose timber was it represented to be Needs or the captains? - Their timber; it was brought there for sale; they had a good deal more they said to bring; I was taken there to become a purchaser if I approved of it; I saw different marks on it and I had suspicions.
Q. Do you know whether Mr. Lett has ever seen these pieces of timber? - Yes, he has and challenged them; he challenged two on my premises and two in New Fitzroy-square.
Mr. Knapp. Needs was the first person you saw about this timber? - Yes, I never saw him before.
Q. Needs was the person that seemed to deal about the timber first with you? - I understood that Needs was the carman and that he brought the timber.
Q. Did any conversation pass from Needs to the prisoner about measuring this timber. Did not Needs desire the prisoner at the bar to take measurement of the timber? - They were together.
Q. Did not Needs desire the prisoner to measure the timber? - It was not measuring, it was taking the contents.
Q. I thought this gentleman was the merchant. Did not Needs desire the prisoner to take the contents? - No.
Q. This property was seized by the Water Bailiff of London? - Yes, after it was owned.
Q. Do you know who gave the information? - I don't know; Mr. Climer, the deputy of the Water Bailiff, came to me and I gave him an account.
Mr. Knowlys. You say you looked on the prisoner as the merchant of the timber? - I did from his conversation.
Prisoner. Needs told me that he had sold the timber to Bold three weeks before that for 3 l. per load. On the Thursday or Friday he told me he had sold it for 3 l. 10 s. per load, and when I went there I thought they were all swindlers and shufflers together; accordingly I went to Mr. Climer's and called him up at six o'clock in the morning and gave him information against the timber, and told him I thought it was not honestly come by; Needs took some off his own wharf, and there were seven pieces taken from another wharf, and then he comes to me for fear of being arrested, but as soon as ever I found out I was among a parcel of shufflers I went immediately to Mr. Climer, and Mr. Climer to Mr. Smith, and then they took me to my Lord Mayor; then I was clear on the Saturday concerning all this timber of which I gave information to his Lordship.
- CLIMER sworn.
I am the deputy Water Bailiff of the City of London; I know the prisonerat the bar; I remember his coming to me on Thursday before Good Friday, about six o'clock in the morning or rather before and knocked me up, I got down stairs and asked him what his business was? he came to me and said, that there was a parcel of timber that had been accumulated together, that had been a drift and picked up at different times in the river till it came to several pieces, from thence they were conveyed, by some means or other, to Tottenham-court-road by cartage and wharfage together; I said, I took you to be another kind of a man; how came you to be concerned in picking up timber, and be concerned in selling it? he said, he never picked up any in his life; he went with me up to this place.
Mr. Knowlys. You have known Tristram for some time? - I have known him ten years
Q. Did you ever know him as a captain in any vessel trading in timber? - Never in my life; I know he kept a chandler's shop and public house; he told me they were pieces that came adrift, and he thought they belonged to the City of London; in consequence of giving this account 
               
                  Henry
                   Smith
               



            , Esq. and I put a mark on them, and took a warrant against this man that he might not be an evidence against his accomplices.
Court to Lett. What day was it you saw the timber? - The day before Good Friday, the 28th.
Court to Wales. When was it you acquainted Lett with this? - It was the Tuesday, I sent to him the 26th; on Monday night I found it out; on Tuesday morning the information was laid.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 60.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
