





492. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of September
, a woman's cotton gown, value 3s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Beaumont
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   BEAUMONT
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 46, Eagle street, Red Lion-square


. On Saturday the 26th of September, I lost a gown, my wife's gown; it was hanging to dry in the parlour, in which we live; it was about three o'clock in the afternoon, being a bookbinder
 by trade, I was at work in the kitchen, and hearing my wife call out that a person had robbed her of her gown. I pursued the prisoner about forty or fifty yards from my habitation, coming up to him he knocked me down.
Q. Who was it you pursued? - Robert Cooper, the prisoner. He was taken in Holborn by Hogarth, who is at the back of the indictment, and delivered into the hands of an officer; previous to this he had delivered the gown to my wife; just as he was coming out of the apartment.


                  ANN
                   BEAUMONT
               



             sworn.
On the 26th of September, about three o'clock, I was cleaning down the kitchen stairs, I heard a strange foot in the parlour, I called out, who is there? nobody made me any answer. I immediately went up stairs and met the prisoner coming out of the room with the gown in his hand; I said, that is my gown; and I took the gown from him, and I called to my husband, who was in the kitchen, that a man had taken a gown and ran away, and he immediately pursued him, and then called out stop thief! and he was taken and brought back. The gown has been in the hands of the officer ever since, but the officer was ill and could not attend. This is the gown. The house was open, and the children were playing about the door.
Prisoner. Be so good as to ask her whether I did not ask her if there was any owner for that gown, as it lay at the door? - I do not recollect any such circumstance.


                  WILLIAM
                   HOGARTH
               



             sworn.
Q. I understand you to take this man? - I did; by hearing the cry of stop thief! I immediately pursued him, and I took him in Holborn, when Mr. Beaumont came up and said, that is the thief, he made two strokes at me, but I kept hold of him.
Prisoner. I was walking along the street, and I see the gown lay at the door, and I picked it up, and this lady came, and I asked her if it was her property? and she said it was; and I gave it her, and walked deliberately away.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
