






319. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CAREY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  CAREY
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 29th of February
, a large quantity of wearing apparel, (being part and parcel of certain goods, where of 
                     
                        John
                         Randall
                     



                   was last sessions tried and convicted of stealing), knowing them to be stolen
            .(The indictment was stated by Mr. Knapp. and the case was opened by Mr. Knowlys).


                  WILLIAM
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to the solicitor for the prosecution,(produces the copy of the record of the conviction of Randall); I saw Mr. Shelton sign it (it is read).


                     WILLIAM 
                     BROUNGER
                  




               
             sworn.
I am a stop-seller in Houndsditch; I had a partner of the name of 
               
                  William
                   China
               



             Percival; we dissolved that partnership on the 20th of February last.
Q. Did the property that remained in your house, after the dissolution of the partnership, remain your property? - A. Yes, the whole of it; I was present last sessions when a person of the name of 
               
                  John
                   Randall
               



            , who had been a servant of mine, for the space of six years, or more, was tried and convicted of stealing these articles; in consequence of some information, I suspected the prisoners at the bar, as having some of my property; I never saw them till they were taken up.
Q. Were they customers to you in your trade? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Jackson. Q. Did you dissolve the partnership on the 20th of February last? - A. Yes.
Q. You are in a very large wholesale line of business? - A. Yes.
Q. You do not much attend your shop? - A. My department lies much among the books, and not much in the shop.
Q. Then you can't say whether Carey ever came to buy goods at your house, or not? - A. Most certainly I can; I am not wholly confined to thebooks; the accompting-house is in the back of the warehouse, and no person can come in or out without my seeing them.
Q. Are you generally at home? - A. I am.
Q. These goods that have been mentioned, can you tell, at any period, when you have lost them, or whether they were taken gradually for some years back? - A. I cannot tell.


                  JAMES
                   HART
               



             sworn.
I am a sawyer, I work with Mr. Wrightson, of Bethnal-green; I know the prisoner, and I know Randall, who was tried last sessions.
Q. Did you ever see Randall and Carey together? - A. Yes; on the Thursday that Mrs. Carey was taken up; Carey was at the George public-house, in Bethnal-green Road, and Mrs. Patrick came to me when I was at the Green-man, to desire me to go to Carey; I went to him, and he asked me to go to town; accordingly, I went to Mr. Randall's with Mr. Carey, and when we came to Mr. Randall's house, he was not at home; we turned back and came again; when we went a second time, he was not at home, we went up stairs and waited a-while till he came in; Mr. Carey and Mr. Randall went into a back room together, what they said I cannot tell; then we came from Randall's to Mr. Carey's house, No. 9, North's-place, Bethnalgreen, it was between ten and eleven at night, as near as I can guess; then Mr. Carey asked me to carry a bundle to Mrs. Patrick's, which I did; then I went back again to Carey's, and Mr. Randall took the next bundle, he carried it to the gateway, and I took it in; and then Mr. Randall went to Mr. Carey's, and I went back again; and Randall took the next bundle; and Mr. Randall, and Mr. Carey and I came away together to Mrs. Patrick's, that made the third bundle; and Mr. Carey had a small bundle, but what it was I don't know; and then, after that, Mr. Carey, and Mr. Randall, and I, came away; we parted facing the Salmon and Ball, and I wished them a good night.
Q. Could you at all tell what those bundles contained? - A. No; they were large bundles, and were all carried to Mrs. Patrick's.
Q. Did you live with the same master then that you do now? - A. Yes, and have done ever since.
Q. Were you at all told where they came from, or what they were, or what they were to be done with? - A. No; when Carey asked me to carry them, I did not know any thing at all about it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. Did you know much of Randall? - A. No; I only saw him once or twice; I saw him once when he fetched the bundles, and once after, with Carey, at a public-house.
Q. Where did Randall lodge? - A. At a tin-shop, in Rosemary-lane.
Q. Who carried the first bundle to Mrs. Patrick's? - A. I did, and Randall carried the second and third.
Q. None of these bundles were carried to Mrs. Patrick's by Carey? - A. No; there was a little bundle, but I don't know that he carried it to Mrs. Patrick's.
Q. When did you first tell any body of this? - A. Not till Mr. Brounger and Mr. Wray came to take me up.
Q. Then you were charged with stealing some of these goods? - A. No, I was not; when I was taken up, I was to bring proof where they came from.
Q. You never charged Carey till after you were taken up yourself? - A. No, I did not.
Q. By that means you have yourself escaped a prosecution? - A. No.
Q. Have you not escaped prosecution by accusing him? -
Court. Let the Jury and me draw the conclusion, you have got the fact from him.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Were you detained in custody till the sessions to give an account of it? - A. No; I was detained till the next Monday, and my master came and bailed me to appear at the sessions.
Q. Did you suspect at all that they were dishonestly come by? - A. Not at all.


                  SARAH
                   LUNSFIELF
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you know Carey? - A. Yes; I never saw Randall in my life.
Q. Do you know Mrs. Patrick? - A. Yes.
Q. Were you present when any thing was brought to Mrs. Patrick's? - A. I was in bed with Mrs. Patrick at the time, when 
               
                  James
                   Hart
               



             came in with some bundles, about eleven o'clock at night, he came in by himself; and Mr. Carey came in about half an hour or a quarter of an hour after him; Mr. Carey brought a small bundle and gave it to Mrs. Patrick, and she put it into the side-bedstead that her child lay in.
Q. How long did Carey and Hart stay with you? - A. They did not stay long; I don't know which of them went away first; there were three large bundles brought, besides the small bundle.


                  LYDIA
                   PATRICK
               



             sworn.
I live in Bethnal-green; I have known Mr. Carey about a year and a half: on the 25th of February, about eleven o'clock in the evening, 
               
                  James
                   Hart
               



             came with some things to our house. I was going along and met Mr. Carey, about nine o'clock, and he told me his wife was in trouble; and then he said, there would be some things come to our house, and the things came about eleven o'clock; Mr. Randall brought them to the door, and Mr. Hart brought them into the house; they were threelarge bundles of cloaths, and a little small one, which Mr. Carey brought.
Court. Q. Do you know what was in the small one? - A. No.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Had you any duplicates from any body? - A. No.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. Had you any duplicates from any body? - A. yes, from Mrs. Carey.
Q. How long did these people stay with you? - A. They went away directly.
Q. Did you pawn any of these things? - A. No.
Q. Or attempt to pawn any of them? - A. Yes; on the 29th, it was on a Monday, I was stopped and taken up, and I discovered what I knew of this transaction.
Q. Did these bundles remain at your house? - A. Yes, till Mr. Tipper, the constable, came and took them away.
Q. In the same state that they were brought to your house? - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You gave evidence here last September, upon the trial of Randall? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you speak then of a fourth bundle that was brought by Carey? - A. Yes.
Q. Not one word about it? - A. I was not asked about it.
Q. You were asked how many bundles were brought, and you said three; how came you then to forget the fourth? - A. It might slip my memory.
Court. It was not so material in that case whether Carey brought a bundle or not.
Mr. Gurney. Q. You were taken up on the Monday following pawning some of the things? - A. Yes.
Q. You accused Carey to save yourself? - A. No.
Q. You did not hope to save yourself by accusing him? - A. I did not.
Q. Will you stick to that; upon your oath, did you or did you not hope to save yourself by accusing him? - A. No, I did not.
Court. Q. What trade are you? - A. A tambour-worker.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with Carey? - A. Eighteen months, or thereaway.
Court. Q. Did you know his wife? - A. I have seen her, but never spoke to her.
Court. Q. How far did he live from your house? - A. I cannot justly say how far; it was not far.


                  RICHARD
                   TIPPER
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to the city: I went to Mrs. Patrick's house in Bethnal-green-road; I had taken her into custody, and she went with me to her house; I found the property under the bed made up in three large parcels, and there was a small one at the side of the bed; I searched the bundles, and then searched the drawers, and found a few things there; and, besides, I found a bag containing a number of duplicates, (producing it); I brought Mrs. Patrick back, and took her to the Compter.
Q. You did not apprehend either of the prisoners? - A. I did not; not I did not go to their house.
Cross-examined by Mr. Jackson. Q. How many bundles were under the bed? - A. Three; they are all here.
Q. And a fourth? - A. Yes; a small parcel in a white piece of linen.
Q. Have you always been in the same story, that you found three bundles under the bed? - A. What I found was under the bed.
Q. Have you always said so; did you not say, upon the last trial, you found two bundles under the bed? - A. It might be so, but there were three.
Q. It was taken down two. Now, are you to be believed, upon your oath, last trial, or to-day? - A. I speak the truth.
Q. Did you find two bundles or three? - A. I can't pretend to say whether I did not; there is all the property that I did find.
Court. It is not material; we shall see the things, and we shall hear whether they are the things stolen by Randall.
Mr. Knapp. Q. These were the same things you produced upon the trial of Randall? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN
                   WRAY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Worship-street office, I apprehended Mr. Carey: I went to his house with a search-warrant, on Saturday the 27th of February, Bingham went with me, and Sapwell; I and Sapwell went to the back door, and Bingham to the front; we knocked a considerable time, and nobody answered; I opened the back door that opened into a back wash-house, and got in; and then there was another door, I unlocked that, and then I thought I heard somebody inside of the house.
Court. Q. What time was it? - A. Between seven and eight o'clock; I had forced the bottom bolt off the door very near, and Carey, the prisoner, then said, you have no occasion to knock any more, I will open the door; says he, I know what you want; I informed him I had a search-warrant, which I took out of my pocket and read to him; he said, very well, you may search; I opened a box, and found these things. (Producing a quantity of cloaths).
Q. Had Carey himself any waistcoat on? - A. No, he was not drest; there was a waistcoat laid upon the bed.
Q. Were these goods produced upon the trial of Randall? - A. No; they were not.
Q. Who had the goods that were found at Careys's, that were produced at Randall's trial? - A. I believe, Tipper.
Mr. Gurney. There were no goods produced upon Randall's trial that were found at Carey's.

Mr. Knowlys. There was some Russia duck particularly sworn to by Mr. Brounger.


                  THOMAS
                   SAPWELL
               



             sworn.
I am a constable of the city; I was sent for to apprehend Mrs. Carey, on the 25th of February.
Q. Did you afterwards go with any search-warrant to the house of Mr. Carey? - A. Yes; I went with Wray.
Q. Have you got any thing that you found there? - A. Yes, three tickets, which I found in the drawers at Carey's lodgings.
Q. Did you find any thing there which you produced at Randall's trial? - A. Yes; these things in Wray's possession.
Q. Was any thing sworn to upon Randall's trial that you found at Carey's house? - A. Yes; three bundles of buttons.
Q. Any Russia duck? - A. No.
Q. (To Tipper.) Produce the bundle that the Russia duck is in, and let Mr. Brounger look at it.(Produces one of the bundles found at Mrs. Patrick's).
Mr. Brounger. This Russia duck is mine.
Q. Is it what you prosecuted Randall for stealing? - A. It is; I know this perfectly well to be my property, it has my private mark upon it, and I can swear to this never having been sold to any person; there has never been an inch of it sold to any body. The other things I know by the mark, by the method of their being made, and, indeed, every thing relating to them. The reason Randall was taken up was from the woman prisoner at the bar being taken up, who disclosed the whole, and through her means it was that I recovered my property.
Mr. Jackson. Upon your oath, will you venture to swear they are your property? - A. I certainly believe them to be my property.
Q. But can you swear they are your's, and that they have not been sold? - A. I can swear that some of them have not been sold; but our articles are so similar, that it is impossible to swear to some of them; I can swear to the Russia duck being mine; I can swear to the whole being my make.


                  John
                   Carey
               



            's defence. I leave my defence to my counsel.
Court. As to the woman, I am of opinion there is not evidence sufficient to put her upon her defence.(The prisoner called ten witnesses, who had known him from seven to twenty years, and gave him an excellent character).


                  John
                   Carey
               



            , 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .


                  Elizabeth
                   Carey
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
