






180. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PEMBERTON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, thirty-five pounds weight of lead, value 3 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Phillips
                        




                     
                  , affixed to a certain building of his, against the statute
            .
The case opened by Mr. Silvester.


                  THOMAS
                   DEAN
               



             sworn.
I am servant and watchman to Mr. Phillips, at New Crane, Shadwell


; he has some houses there. On Wednesday the 16th of December, between five and six in the afternoon, I came on duty; I had information there were some thieves at the top of the house; I went up with others, and in a cockloft, I found this lead, and the two prisoners on the other side of the gutter, one on each window; the prisonersare the two men; they were laying down on their bellies in the gutter I secured them.
Court. How far is the cockloft from the outside of the roofs? - But a very little way.


                  JOHN
                   ROBRED
               



             sworn.
I went in company with Dean and found the lead in the cockloft, two feet from the door (deposed to the same effect.)
JOHN PEACHEY sworn.
I am a plumber; I compared the lead; it tallied exactly, matched exactly, nail holes and all; it is the property of 
               
                  John
                   Phillips
               



            , Esquire; I had seen it on the house before; it was fresh taken; the nails were quire, fresh.
Prisoners. We have nothing to say.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
