





329. 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     SOLOMONS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of June
, one pair of shoes, value 5s. 3d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Deacon
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  DANIEL
                   DEACON
               



             sworn. - I am a shoemaker
; I keep a shop in Whitechapel-road


; the prisoner was quite a stranger; he came into the shop to buy a pair of shoes; I shewed him two or three pair, none would do; after he was gone, we missed a pair; my journeyman called me to his assistance to catch him; we brought him into the shop again, and I found the property upon him; he was six or seven yards from the shop; they were a pair of men's leather shoes, I know them to be my property, because they were marked A B on the soles; I kept the shoes in my custody, separate from my other property; I sent to the Police-office; they searched him, and found no money upon him to pay for them; they were given him from a cupboard, he tried them on, and lay them down by his side; I can swear to them by the mark. (The shoes produced.)


                  OWEN
                   MACARTNEY
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to the prosecutor; I shewed the prisoner the shoes; those are the same; I missed them, and I ran and took the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence. I beg the gentleman's pardon, I have no friends in the world; if the gentleman takes it into consideration, I never will do the like again; if I get free, I shall be bound apprentice; I have no father, or any friend.
GUILTY
Of 


               stealing to the value of 4s. 10d.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
