





157. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HICKES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of January
, thirteen pounds of mutton, value 8s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wright
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   WRIGHT
               



             sworn. - I am a butcher
, I live at Edmonton


; I lost this mutton on the 26th of January, it was taken out of the shop, I did not see it taken, I don't know that any body saw him; I was coming from my farm just by my own dwelling house, a little before five in the afternoon; I met the prisoner with a haunch of mutton under his arm, about one hundred yards on this side of my shop; I asked him how do you fell mutton, not thinking it was mine; he said, I don't know; I took hold of the mutton, I said, "This is my haunch of mutton, you rascal, it is;" I took him by the collar to the shop, there, says I, you took it off this hook, and there hangs the fellow to it, they were both off one sheep; here is the haunch,(produces it); I had him then put into the cage.
Q. What did the prisoner say to this? - A. He said he bought it of a man with a blue coat; the haunch hung there in my shop about half an hour before I met him; I saw it before I went down to the farm; I am certain it is my haunch, there is no mark upon it, I know it by my cutting; I should know it if there were an hundred; I am positive it is mine.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You say you know it to be your haunch of mutton by the cut? - A. Yes.
Q. I have no doubt of your being a skilful butcher, but may not any man cut it like you? - A. I cut it to my satisfaction, I know it is mine.
Q. That you say; but are you sure you are not mistaken? - A. I am sure.
Q. May not another man cut it like that? - A. I am sure it is mine.

Q. Answer my question? - A. I shall if I think it necessary.
Q. Whether you do or not, you shall answer it, - I ask you whether another man may not cut it like that? - A. I know it is mine.
Q. If you think that sort of answering will gain you credit you are mistaken. - Do you think another man may not cut it like that? - A. He may do it better.
Q. Don't you think another man may cut it like that? - A. He may.
Q. As far as that is cut another may be cut like it? - A. It may.
Q. You have no other marks to swear to it, for knowing it to be your haunch of mutton, than the manner in which you cut it? - A. Yes; it is the manner.
Q. There is no mark upon it? - A. It is my haunch of mutton.
Q. Answer my question? - A. I shall if it is reasonable.
Q. You don't swear that nobody cuts mutton like you? - A. I will not swear for any body else, I will swear for myself.
Q. I should like to know what you do swear to? - A. I will swear it is my mutton.
Q. But, Mr. Wright, all these are matters in which people may be mistaken with the best intention, but the Jury who are trying that man's guilt must judge of your knowledge; don't you think a man may cut mutton like that? - A. I don't believe there was another haunch of mutton within five miles of the place.
Q. I will not ask you another question after that answer? - A. If you do, I will swear it is my mutton.


                  JOHN
                   HOLLIS
               



             sworn. - I keep a public-house, and am a constable at Edmonton: I know nothing more about this than that the prisoner had a black pudding and two pints of beer at my house, one while I was out, and another after I came home; he came to my house about half after one o'clock, and staid two hours; he left my house about half after three, or near four.
Q. Had he any mutton with him then? - A. No; I don't know what became of him when he left my house, I never saw him afterwards till he was in custody the next morning, when I took him before the Justice; I don't know what o'clock he was taken.
Q. How far do you live from Wright's? - A. About a quarter of a mile.
Prisoner's defence. I have a wife and four small children; I bought this mutton about a stone's throw from the public-house where this constable lives, by a wheeler's-shop, by one Mr. Coleman's nursery; I bought it of a man who had a long blue coat on.
The prisoner called two witnesses, who said, that while he worked for them they believed him to be an honest man.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
