





99. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MUNRO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of December
, twenty yards of printed calico, value 30s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hannam
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   HANNAM
               



             sworn. - I am a haberdasher
 and linen-draper
, in Oxford-road


: On Friday the 21st of December, a little after seven o'clock in the evening, I was sitting in a little room adjoining my shop, when the prisoner at the bar opened the shop-door, there was a glass-door between me and the shop; I saw him come in and turn his back towards me, and began to take some goods off the shop counter, there was nothing but prints on the counter of any consequence; I went to rise from my chair and tumbled over it, which made a very great noise as I sat at the fire; I ran out into the shop as fast as I could; upon coming into the shop I saw three or four pieces of calico lying upon the ground, I immediately went to the door and called out stop thief several times.
Q. Did you see any body run out? - A. I did not; after I had picked up the pieces that were on the ground, I thought I saw a person running down Argyle-street, which is about two hundred yards from my shop; I pursued him into Marlborough-street, where I saw a mob; I went into the mob, and saw some watchmen had hold of the prisonerat the bar, with my prints all over dirt; a piece was cut off and delivered to me, I have had it ever since; it was cut off in order to match it.
Q. Independent of the circumstance of the prisoner being stopped by the watchman, should you have known the prisoner to be the person that came into your shop? - A. Yes; I was sitting in a very dark room, and there were a dozen candles in the shop; I am sure he was the same person that came into my shop.


                  PATRICK
                   CONWAY
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: After calling the hour of seven o'clock, as I was in my box at the corner of Little Argyle-street, about three hundred and fifty yards from Mr. Hannam's, I heard a cry of stop thief; I saw the prisoner coming from Great Argyle-street into Little Argyle-street, with something under his arm; upon my making towards him, he dropped these two pieces of calico, I was about two yards from him when he dropped them, or rather closer; my partner pursued the man, and I took up the pieces; I then went to my partner's assistance, he had got hold of the prisoner by the collar, and we took him to the Justices in Marlborough-street; Mr. Hannam then came in, and said, that was the man that had robbed him; and we cut off a piece of each.(Produces them).


                  ANDREW
                   RUSTY
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman, partner of the last witness: I heard a cry of stop thief, and saw a man come running down Little Argyle-street, I saw him drop something; he passed my comrade, and I pursued him, and stopped him in King-street; my comrade took the cottons to Marlborough-street. (The property was deposed to by Mr. Hannam).
Prisoner's defence. As I was coming up Argyle-street, I met a man that had something in his hand, and then the watchman laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   THOMPSON
               



            .
