





219. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 4th of March
,one printed book, value 18 d. two printed books, value 8 s. and eleven other printed books, value 11 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Lackington
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES
                   LACKINGTON
               



             sworn.
I am a bookseller
 in Chiswell-street


. On the 26th of March I was sent for by Justice Triquett, who produced a book to me, and asked me if it was mine; I told him it was. I then went home, and told my head assistant that there were a thief or thieves in the shop, and desired to give a sharp look out.


                  MICHAEL
                   SCALES
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Lackington. On the 3d of March last, in the morning, Mr. Lackington told me that he had very just cause to suspect that he had a thief or thieves in his shop, and desired that I would give a sharp look-out. In the afternoon I saw some books in the pocket of the prisoner at the bar, he was an assistant of Mr. Lackington's; I did not just then detect him, but endeavoured to satisfy myself more fully, whether they were books or no: I then informed one of my shopmates, says I, 
               
                  David
                   Simpson
               



             has got books in his pocket, I apprehend he means to steal them: after this he was going out with a parcel or parcels to two different inns, and I might mention that we send a book with these parcels, to have a memorandum put down where they are delivered, and when, and by whom. When 
               
                  David
                   Simpson
               



             had got the parcels on his head, I asked him why he did not put this book into his pocket; and I says, David, if you will take these books out of your pocket, then you may put that book in: it confounded him, he was then in the first part of the shop, before two or three of the servants; he ran from that part through a second part, into a third part, where it was dark, and there he lowered his parcel. I followed him close with a candle; now, says I, David, please to give me those books out of your pocket: he gave me one; I said, give me the other; he gave it me: the books are here, they are 
               
                  Robinson
                   Crusoe
               



            , two volumes. I told him it had a very bad look, and that he was not a proper person for Mr. Lackington's service at all; nevertheless I let him take the parcels and the books along with him; but I was a little uneasy, lest he should not deliver that parcel, and so no more passed on that occasion until the next morning, when Mr. Lackington came to town, when he ordered the constable to take him into custody immediately.
Do you know them to be Mr. Lackington's books? - I do; here is Mr. Lackington's marks.
Do you know where these books were taken from? - These were in that division of the shop where David was employed, for the purpose of sticking the papers on, as I think.
What did he say on all this? - That he took them to read, and would bring them again the next morning; but that is a practice entirely contrary to Mr. Lackington's shop, unless they inform me of it.


                  JOHN
                   HIGHAM
               



             (a blind man) sworn.
I keep a bookseller's shop, No. 159, St. John-street, Clerkenwell. On Saturday February the 26th, 
               
                  David
                   Simpson
               



            , the prisoner at the bar, came to my shop, and asked me if I would buy a book.
How do you know it was the prisoner? - He had been at my shop very frequently; I knew him perfectly by his voice. On March the 2d he came again, and I was not at home, I had suspicions the books he brought were stolen, so I ordered my wife to detain him, she did; and I came home about eight o'clock; my wife told me that 
               
                  David
                   Simpson
               



             was within, I desired my young man to watch him. When I came up to him, he asked me if I would buy Robertson's History of Scotland, and asked me half a guinea; I told him they were books I did not much care for, I would give him five shillings; he said if I would not give him six, I should not have them: I told him I would give no more; so he said I must have them; on which I gave him the money. Knowing that I had bought them much under the value, the next morning I carried themto Justice Triquett's, and told him that I believed them to be Mr. Lackington's; on that information he was taken up.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I had a shop myself in Chancery-lane, and I was failing, and rather distressed for a little money. They are my own books, and I sold them.
Mr. Lackington. I swear these books, now produced, to have been in my possession at the time I took him into my service, which was on the 21st of February.
How long had he been employed by you? - Ten days only.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
