





95. 
               
                  ANN 
                  MORETON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of January
, 40 yards of muslin, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Harvey
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .
ROBERT HARVEY sworn. - I am a linen-draper
, in Oxford-street


: On the 2d of January, between four and five in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner going out of the shop, when she had got to the door, I saw one of my young men take hold of her, and bring her back; I desired him to take her up into the drawing-room and search her; there is a door at the bottom of the stairs that goes into the house-passage; when she had got one foot in that passage, I saw my young man pick up two quantities of muslin; I went up stairs into the drawing-room with her, and while I was sending for a constable, I saw her drop a quantity of muslins, which I picked up; the constable searched her, and I saw him take two quantities of muslin out of her pockets; she was immediately taken into custody.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Have you any partner in your business? - A. No.


                  NICHOLAS
                   FICHUE
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Robert Harvey: Between four and five o'clock, on the 2d of January, the prisoner at the bar came into the shop with a young man, and asked me for two squares of muslin for cravats, I shewed her them; the prisoner had the same cloak on that she has now, with a white shawl under it, and by the motion of her arms, I had a suspicion of her; she bought two squares of muslin, and the young man gave me 15s.; when the prisoner went away, I went after her, and just as she was going out at the door, about forty feet from the counter, I told Mr. Harvey, in the hearing of the prisoner, that I had a suspicion of her; he desired me to take her up stairs into the drawing-room, and just as she was going upon the first step that separates the shop from the house, I saw her drop two pieces of muslin from under her cloak; as we were going up stairs, I saw another piece, a small quantity, drop from her clothes behind her; and in the drawing-room, she dropped the piece mentioned by Mr. Harvey; she had her hand under her cloak, or somewhere behind her, I cannot say exactly.
Q.Then you saw four pieces drop? - A. Yes; and then the constable came and found upon her two pieces more, he took them out of her pocket; he has got them, I have got the rest. (Produces them).
Q. What countryman are you? - A. A Frenchman.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You are sure that you observed the motion of the prisoner at the time that you suspected her? -
Court. There is an end of the capital charge.
Mr. Knapp. Then I am satisfied, my Lord.

Moreland, the constable, produced the two parcels of muslin which be took from the prisoner.
Harvey. These pieces have my private mark upon them.
Fichue. I can swear that I shewed her these goods; I had just sold a piece of them to another customer.
Prisoner's defence. I take in washing; and the young man that was with me, kept loading the muslin upon me, and I was so terrified, I did not know what to do; I have two fatherless children; I beg the mercy of the Court.
The prisoner called John Field, who had known her between four and five years, who gave her a good character.




               GUILTY of stealing the goods, but not privately in the shop
            . (Aged 52).




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
