





377. 
               
                  ADAM 
                  PENDERGRASS
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of March
, a cotton gown, value 15 s. a stuff petticoat, value 5 s. a cloth cloak value18 s. three check aprons, value 5 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Hannah 
                           Theed
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John
                         Oliver
                     



.


                  HANNAH
                   THEED
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Oliver in Kentish Town


, he is a publican. On the 19th of March, I lost one cloak, one gown, one petticoat, and three coloured aprons; I had seen them between twelve and one o'clock that day, I saw them in my own apartment; I missed them between two and three; I recovered them again at three o'clock in the fields at a distance from the house, 
               
                  Adam
                   Pendegrass
               



            , the prisoner, carried them to that field; I did not see him take them, he was in the house drinking of some beer, he had left the house before I missed the things.


                  JOHN
                   WEST
               



             sworn.
I was at Oliver's house when these things were taken away; I saw the prisoner there; I heard the alarm given, and I pursued; I took him in the fields under the hedge, about half a mile or hardly so much from the house; I took him about three o'clock; I found a bundle on him.


                  WILLIAM
                   CANTON
               



             sworn.
I was sent for to 
               
                  John
                   Oliver
               



            's house I being a constable, and I got these things from Oliver's. (The goods produced and deposed to.)


                  JOSEPH
                   HEMPEY
               



             sworn.
I was drinking a pint of beer at this house, the prisoner came in and another along with him; he went out backward, and after a while he came in again and sat down a little while, and had a slice of bread and cheese and eat it, and went out again, and I was coming home, and the girl made an alarm that she had lost her clothes, and we had a suspicion it was him, and we pursued after him.
Prisoner. This was the public house where I went in at, when I went out I was going about my business, I was going home, this here man ran across the field and laid hold of me while I was easing myself; I asked him what he was going to do with me? he said, he supposed I was the man that took the things, and he went on a little farther and found the bundle, and he said he would be damned if he cared, he would make me suffer for it.
West. I saw him run under the hedge; he had the bundle at the side of him, at the ditch as he laid down.
Prisoner. I have no witness here now, I have had plenty in the morning but they thought my trial would not come on.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing to the value of 39 s.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
