






115. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DENNY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th day of January
, one cambrick handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Daniel
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   DANIEL
               



             sworn.
I live in Bridge-street, Black-friars. On the 13th of January last, I was walking from Cheapside, into Bridge-street, in company with a gentleman; we heard a scuffle behind us, which was occasioned by Gobytus, the next witness, having taken the two prisoners into custody; we stopped to enquire the reason; and a person handed my handkerchief to me who was passing by.
Who has the handkerchief? - Gobytus, the witness; I did not see the prisoners take it.
Did you look to see if you missed your handkerchief? - Yes, I did, and it was gone; I know the handkerchief; there is a mark on it, J. D.


                  JAMES
                   GOBYTUS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; I had been to Bridewell; and I was coming along Cheapside; I saw the prisoners following a gentleman; and I had a suspicion they were going to pick his pocket; I crossed the way and kept opposite to them; I saw them attack a gentleman's pocket at the end of Friday-street; he went down Friday-street; they went on; and I followed them; and in St. Paul's-church-yard


, I saw Mr. Daniel and a gentleman arm in arm; I saw Wilson lift the flap of the gentleman's pocket up thatwas with Mr. Daniel; the gentleman crossed the way at the top of Ludgate-hill; they followed them very closely; and then Wilson lifted up the other pocket flap of the gentleman's; and he had nothing there; then he felt at Mr. Daniel's inside pocket; and then he felt Mr. Daniel's pocket again; and I saw him take out a handkerchief, and give it to Denny; I immediately ran across, and laid hold of them; then I saw Denny throw the handkerchief down; I desired a gentleman to take up the handkerchief, and give it to Mr. Daniel; I told Mr. Daniel, and he was much surprised that he had lost his handkerchief; Mr. Daniel looked at it, and there was his mark on it; I searched them, and found a silk handkerchief on Denny; I then took them to Wood-street Compter.
(The handkerchief produced and deposed to.)
PRISONER WILSON's DEFENCE.
I was going along Ludgate-hill, and that gentleman took me: I was going to see a ship mate: I was not within three or four yards of the other prisoner.
PRISONER DENNY's DEFENCE.
I never touched the handkerchief.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
