





324. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SEARLE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of March
, three silver table spoons, value 2 l. 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Dawson
                        




                     
                  , Esq
. in his dwelling house
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   CHEEK
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Dawson, he lives in Hind-street, Mansell-square


; he lost three table spoons the 10th of March, he lost them out of the pantry, it was about twelve o'clock when I had seen them there; I missed them in the evening between nine and ten, I missed the spoons while the prisoner was present; being an old fellow servant
 and knowing him a number of years, I invited him into the pantry, the property at that time was up in the parlour; the company had left the dining parlour and had retired to the tea room; at that time 
               
                  George
                   Searle
               



             called on me, I let him in and shewed him into the pantry; after that I returned to the parlour and brought down my plates and spoons, and then returned again for the glasses, and when I counted my spoon to put them into the cupboard, I missed three spoons, I told them over again, I still missed the three; I went to the kitchen maid to enquire if she had washed up all the plate; she said, she had; I returned to the pantry still missing the three spoons, and still tried to see if I could make my spoons right. 
               
                  George
                   Searle
               



             said, he was sorry he had come at such an unlucky time, he hoped I did not accuse him; I said, no, I should be very sorry to accuse him, but at the same time the spoons could not be far off; at this time the carriage was waiting at the door for my master. While I was discoursing on this business with Mr. Searle the bell rung to bring down the tea things; coming down with the tea things I met 
               
                  George
                   Searle
               



             coming up the stairs; I said, Searle, I hope you are not a going; yes, says he, I am, you seem to be in an unpleasant humour, and I shall not stay any longer; I asked him to walk into the parlour, and told him not to leave the place till the spoons were found; he promised me he would wait a little; I invited him down into the pantry to go and sit down there, and he refused it, and said, he wouldnot go there any more; he then went and sat in the Hall, and we were discoursing on the spoons, and was sorry I should accuse him, but I hoped he would not leave the house; in the course of this conversation the bell rang which I went to answer, and while I went to answer the bell he went away; when I went down and found he was gone I went down immediately to the kitchen and told my fellow servants; I went immediately in search of a constable; I found a constable in Mary-le-bone-street; I told him the circumstance, and he advised me to go to Mary-le-bone watch-house; I went; I told them he had a wife and family in Swallow-street, and they advised me to go to the Coach and Horses in Marlborough-street, and ask if there was an officer there in the house; I went and they said, no; I got an officer at last in St. James's; I shewed the constable the door of his lodgings that night, but having no light he said, if he was an old offender he would take the property some where else, and if he was a green one we should find him in the morning; I went to Searle's house and watched to see if he went in or out; finding he did not I went to the watch-house and waited till six in the morning when we went and Searle came out, and we took him to the watch-house; when we got to the watch-house door he said, I am guilty; and there was the property in his pocket.


                  JAMES
                   SLADE
               



             sworn.
I got these spoons out of 
               
                  George
                   Searle
               



            's pocket on Monday morning. (Deposed to by Cheek.)
Mr. Schoen to Cheek. When he called on you he said, he was a little groggy? - Yes, but by the answers he gave I don't think he was.
Q. You thought him an honest man or else you would not have asked him into your master's house? - I always took him for one; he and I lived in one family six years ago; I believe he is now out of place.
- sworn.
I am beadle of the parish of St. James's; I went to aid and assist the constable in taking the man.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing to the value of 39 s.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
