





438. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of August
, thirty-six yards of satin ribbon, value 1l. 10s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Philby
                        




                     
                  , &c
            .


                  JAMES
                   PHILBY
               



             sworn.
I am a haberdasher
.
Q. What are your partners names? - 
               
                  Samuel
                   Terry
               



             and 
               
                  Charles
                   Philby
               



            . On Saturday, the 26th of August, I was engaged behind the counter, where I usually attend in the evening, between seven and eight o'clock, the prisoner and another man came into our shop and enquired for some ribbons, of a young man who stood forward at the time, one of my servants; but from an idea given me by him, I served him myself; I took the ribbon drawer out for him to choose; he after some hesitation, desired to have two yards cut off from one piece, which I did, while I was doing that I see him take one piece of ribbon and put into his pocket; while I was doubling this ribbon up, he took another piece, which I did not see him take; I did not miss it, but I found in the event afterwards that there was another piece taken he went; out of the shop. He paid for that I folded up, and I took the money myself; he took it himself with him. After he was served with his ribbon and going out of the shop, I set myself on the counter, and as he was outside of the door I snatched at him; I led him back again down the shop, by the assistance of my young man, and when I got him at the bottom, he begged for mercy; he took out the two pieces of ribbon, which I have here with me, and threw them down. I went for a constable, which I gave him in charge of.
Q. Have you got the two pieces of ribbon? - I have.
Q. Have you kept them till now? - I have.
Q. Is one of them pieces one of which you see him take? - Yes.
Q. Are they both of the same colour? - No, they are not. I could not swear which of the two pieces I see him take.
Q. Could not you see the colour of the ribbon that you see him take? - No, I could not.
Q. Are you perfectly sure that he did take a piece out at that time? - I am confident of that, though I cannot tell the colour of it; one of these is yellow, and the other is a striped.
Q. You have a pretty large quantity of ribbons in this drawer? - Yes, a great many. I cannot miss one piece or two from a drawer of the size these were in; both of them are mine, because they have my private marks on them; I know the hand writing.
Mr. Knapp. Are there no other persons interested in this partnership but Mr. 
               
                  Charles
                   Philby
               



             and 
               
                  Samuel
                   Terry
               



            ? - There are not.
Q. This was a large drawer full of ribbons? - It was.

Q. These are not uncommon patterns? - One of them was made for us and nobody else.
Q. Then there was more made than this one piece. Those that you sell in pieces, do you sell with your private mark on? - Most assuredly; it cannot be taken off.
Q. And if you had seen them any where, after you had sold them, in other peoples possession, you would not have been enabled to swear to them by that private mark of your's? - Certainly not; but I think I can speak on my oath that one piece of ribbon was in the drawer the time I opened it, for I recollect the piece of ribbon very well being there before this person came in.
Court. Which piece do you speak of? - I recollect that they were both in our drawer before this circumstance took place, and one piece is, I think, in two lengths, (It was unrolled and found to be but one length) Then that is my mistake.
Mr. Knapp. Do you mean to swear that that is the precise piece of ribbon? - I am speaking from circumstances; I have no other way that I can swear to it.
Q. Now we will go to the other ribbon. This is a very common pattern, may be seen in man haberdashers shops? - I don't know that it may at this time.
Q. There is nothing particular in the pattern? - Nothing. We never had to my knowledge, but one piece of this ribbon. That is a half piece.
Q. Are you always in the shop? -Generally I am.
Q. Other people fell in the shop as well as you? - Yes, perhaps five or six.
Q. Do you mean to take on yourself to swear that the persons in your shop, without your knowledge, might not have sold the very identical pattern, or, at least, ribbons of the same pattern? - I believe we never had that pattern or colour before, to the best of my knowledge; and it is impossible to speak to it otherwise, from the multiplicity that we have in our shop.
Q. There was another person with the prisoner in the shop? - There was; I lost sight of him when this man was at the door.
Q. Have you ever seen him since? - Not that I know of.
Q. Was he pretty near to the prisoner at the bar in the shop? - Yes.
Q. Have you ever been of the opinion that it was the other person, and not the prisoner at the bar? - Never in the least.
Court. At the time the man took this ribbon out, had you observed sufficiently the drawer as to say they were in the drawer? - I see them just before, I did not at the time; I observed them in the course of the day; I am in the habit of shewing the drawer very often in the course of the day, and I see them both in the course of the day in the drawer.


                  THOMAS
                   OSTLIFF
               



             sworn.
I am a shopman to Mr. Philby.
Q. Did you see the prisoner in the shop on Saturday, the 29th of August? - I did. I did not see any thing particular. at the time they were serving him; Mr. Pnilby went out and came in again with the prisoner, and I heard him make use of rather a rash expression; I followed, and I heard him say, he would secure him, and I followed him up the shop, and I see him pull two pieces of ribbon out of his pocket, the one was a buss stripe, and the other was a red stripe.
Q. Have you seen this sort of yellow ribbon before? - I don't know that I have.
Q. Have you been in different shopsbefore you was in this shop? - Yes, I have.
Q. Will you swear that you never see any ribbon before of the same pattern as this? - I don't know that ever I did; I will not venture to swear that I never did.
Q. Did you ever see such a red stripe before? - I cannot say that ever I did.


                  JOHN
                   HAMMOND
               



             sworn.
Q. Were you in this shop at this time? - Yes.
Q. Did you see the prisoners when he came into the shop? - Yes. I see him take two pieces out of the drawer and put them in his pocket, and walked out without paying for them. These are the two pieces; I am certain; These are the initials of my name on them.
Prisoner. I have it to my counsel almost, but I would wish my counsel to put one question to that gentleman, where that ribbon has been since it was taken.
Mr. Knapp to Prosecutor. This ribbon you brought here? - My young man did.
Q. To Ostiliff. You brought this ribbon here, of whom did you receive it? - Of Mr. Philby.
Philby. I put my initials on it when I took it from the constable, by his direction, because I was unacquainted with the usual mode.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a good character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 40.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
