






605. 
               
                  JUDITH 
                  SIMPSON
               




            , the younger, was indicted for 


               feloniouslystealing, on the 23d of October

, a bombazeen gown, value 2s. 6d a bombazeen petticoat, value 2s. a silk handkerchief, value 1s. a muslin handkerchief, value 1s. a muslin apron, value 1s. a linen sheet, value 2s. two pieces of cotton window curtains, value 2d. a piece of cotton, value 2d. two muslin caps, value 1s. 6d. a pair of dimity pockets, value 6d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 2d. a pair of leather gloves, value 6d. a linen apron, value 6d. one piece of muslin, value 2s. a copper saucepan, value 1s. 6d. one china cup, value 1d. one china saucer, value 1d. and a china sugar pot, value 2d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Silk
                  



               
            .
And 
               
                  
                     JUDITH 
                     SIMPSON
                  



               
            , the elder, was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 24th of October

, the same goods, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  MARY
                   SILK
               



             sworn.
I live in Charlotte-street, Pimlico



.
Q. What is your husband? - William Silk.
Q. Was you robbed at any time of any articles mentioned in the indictment? - The prisoner JudithSimpson, the younger, came to live with me, servant
, the beginning of October.
Q. Had you a character with her? - Yes.
Q. A written character or not? - No, a verbal one, but not from her last place, which I did not know then, she was with me a week, and she was away from me a week and four days; on the Sunday after she left me I missed the bombazeen gown and coat, she went away on Tuesday and on the Sunday following I missed the gown and the coat.
Q. After this did you miss any other thing? Did she return after that? - No.


                  Q. 
               


            When she left you, did she leave your place entirely? - Yes, she left me entirely, she would leave me as her week was up; I said in the week she should not stay with me, and on the day her week was up she would leave me.
Q. Did you miss the other articles in the indictment? - Yes, several more.
Q. I suppose your making this discovery about the gown, you looked for the other articles, and you missed them? - I did not miss them, I found them on her; I made an enquiry of the lady that gave me the character, where I might find her? she said she knew a girl that could tell me; and I found her in Orchard-street, Westminster.
Q. How soon might that be after she left your service? - A week and four days, I found her the 24th of October, I believe on a Friday.
Q. What passed between you and her, when you had found her? - She was in the elder; 
               
                  Judith
                   Simpson
               



            's room, and she, the younger, opened the door, and had my bombazeen gown on her back; we made search about the room, and found these different articles.
Q. Did you find every thing in the indictment? - Yes.
Q. Were these all the things that you had missed? - No, I only put in the indictment what I found on her; we sent for a constable, and had her taken before a justice.
Q. Did you take one or both to that justice? - The constable would have both, finding the property in the elder one's premises; the sauce pan was on the fire; she denied it to be mine.
Q. Did you say that was your sauce pan; I think I did, and one of them said it was not mine? - I saw some tea cups and saucers on the shelf, which I said weremine also; they said they were not; I cannot say which said it, the witness may:
Mr. Knapp. Mrs. Silk, I understand that the youngest prisoner had been your servant, she left your service on the Tuesday; then until the Sunday after you heard nothing about the property, nor never missed it? - Yes.
Q. Then perhaps during the course of that time, you had never seen your property, from the Tuesday unto the Sunday; therefore whether any body had taken it to the house, and brought it to the prisoner, from Tuesday to the Sunday you don't know? - I have nobody in the house to do it.
Q. In point of fact, if she left your service on Tuesday, and you never found the things till Sunday, any body might have taken them? you found them on Sunday? - I missed them on Sunday, but I found my gown and coat on her back, the 24th of October, a week and four days; she owned at the justice's what she had done.
Q. Was it taken in writing? - It was.
Q. And so whatever she did say, was said at the time she was under the examination at the justice's? - It was; she said nothing more than that she pledged a curtain at Mr. Wright's, at the Hamborough, the fellow of this is here.
Q. Will you venture to take on yourself to say that it was not taken down in writing? - I will not.
Q. However it was a week and four days after this property was found? - It was.
Q. The mother was at home? - I did not know that this was her mother, the eldest was at home.
Q. Which house was it? - I do not know whose house it was, it was full of lodgers.
Q. Where is this house? - Orchard-street, Westminster.
Q. You understand it to be a house full of lodgers? - When I came down they said so it was; the gown was on her back, and some new muslin was cut up in caps; I missed the muslin the week she was with me.


                  JAMES
                   CREEDLAND
               



             sworn.
I belong to the police office, Queen-square, Westminster; I produce the articles that are in the indictment.
Q. Where did you get them from? - No. 17, Orchard-street, Westminster.
Q. From whose room? - I do not know who rented it, but these two women were in the room at the same time; I have kept the things from that time to this; Mrs. Silk said, that if the young woman would give up her property, she would go no further in it; Mrs. Silk said, she had lost a great many articles, and that the young woman had lived with her one week; I supposed she had robbed her of these articles? - the young woman came immediately with Mrs. Silk, and we went about and looked for these articles, and she gave them up to Mrs. Silk.
Q. When these things were in the room, were they open about the room? - Yes, a great number of them, there is a part of the sheet that was in a deal box.
Q. Did the old woman say any thing, the elder of the two? - The elder one said that she had just come into town, she knew nothing of these things being brought there.
Q. Was any thing said unto whom they belonged, by either of these women? - Mrs. Silk said it was her property; they did not say it was not her's.
Q. Do you mean to swear that? - I cannot recollect.
Q. Did either of these women say whether it was the lady's or not? - They did not say they were her's, but they went and delivered them up.
Q. Did they say they were not her's? - To the best of my recollection they did not say so.

Q. You have kept the things till now? - Yes. I took them at the office, and they were committed for trial.
Mr. Knapp. You told the jury very properly just now, you did not know from them, who the room belonged to; but you found them there; all these things that you found there, were laying open in the room? - All but the curtains and the sheets, and they were found in a little deal box.


                  Q. 
               


            Then they were laying open in the room? - Yes.
Q. Did you know that the, house was full of lodgers? - Yes, after I came, I understood so by the lodgers in the next room to them.
Q. The old woman said that she had just come to town, and knew nothing at all about it? - She did.
Q. Mrs. Silk said if they would give an account how they came by the property, she would go no further; these things were all laying about the room, and the girl herself delivered them up; and this might not be the room belonging to the prisoner? - I heard it was her room afterwards, but I do not know.


                  Q. 
               


            There were lodgets; and whether it belonged to them or no, you do not know of yourself? - No, I do not.
Q. Therefore whether any lodgers brought the things to that room you do not know? - I do not.
Q. They might have done so? - They might.
Q. They never acknowledged that this was the property of Mrs. Silk? - Not to the best of my knowledge.
Jury. Did she strip herself of the gown? - No, that was before I came.


                  ELIZABETH
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
I went along with this lady, Mrs. Silk, to this room, and we knocked at the door, and Mrs. Silk said how that was her gown that she had got on; she looked about the room, and saw a sauce pan; she said it was her's; the young woman made answer, and said, it was not her's; on the mantle piece there was a china cup and saucer, and and earthen ware on; and Mrs. Silk said that was her's, and Mrs. Silk asked for the rest of her things, and the young woman brought her a box, and gave what things she had; and there was a sheet in it, and part of a curtain, and her mistress had asked her for that, and she had said she had not got it; the things were in this box, she looked about the room, and saw a bundle tied up with some rough dried things; and there was an apron and handkerchief in it, which did belong to her mistress.
Mr. Knapp. Well, my little girl, so these things were all found laying loose about the room? - There was only the gown out of the box, the rest was in the box.
Q. If any body had said so, it must be a falsity? - There was nothing but the gown out, and that she had on her back; except the sauce pan, and the cup and saucer.
Court. Did your mistress make any enquiry about her things, or make any offer about them? - My mistress said, if she delivered all the things up, she would make it up with her; and the young woman denied it at first, and said, that she had none of her things.
Q. Was that any of these things that are now produced? - No, none of them things that we found.
Mr. Knapp. The old woman never said any thing about it? - I did not hear her say any thing about it.
Mrs. Silk. The gown and coat is mine, this sheet was whole when she took it; she owned she cut it, but she could not find the pieces; in this gown and coat there have been some moth holes, that have been darned in it; they are things that I wore some time ago, when Iwas in mourning; here is a stain of red wine in the middle of the apron.
Mr. Knapp. I have no doubt but what it is your property.
Prisoner Simpson, the younger. I went to this lady's in October, and she had me there a little while, and she said she would look me up a few old things, to make me tidy, and she gave me the gown, and I wore it with her a good while; I agreed for a sortnight's warning, and the place was so bad I could not stay in it, she would not allow me fire in the kitchen, nor victuals to eat; I told her I should leave her, and she said I should pay her a fortnight's wages; on Tuesday night I brought away my boxes, and she told me she would make me pay a fortnight's wages, and I put my hand in my pocket, and she said she would not take the fortnight, but she would keep the wages; she said she would make me repent of it, before the winter was out. The cups and saucers, and saucepan, were my aunt's.
Prisoner Simpson, the elder. When the lady came to the room, she came to ask for the black gown, that she had given to her, to lend to a person that was going to a burying; the child said, they were the things about the room; she asked her for other things; I can bring witnesses to prove that the saucepan was my own, and the cup and the saucer.
Jury. Whether Mrs. Silk had sworn the saucepan? - Yes, I can swear to it.
Simpson, the younger. 

               GUILTY
            .(Aged. 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Simpson, the elder. 

               Not GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
