





231. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BARNES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Gabriel 
                           Grover
                        




                     
                  , about the house of ten in the night on the 2d of April
, and burglariously stealing therein, a cornelian seal set in gold, value 1l. the goods of the said 
                     
                        Gabriel
                         Grover
                     



.


                  WILLIAM
                   ROSS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Gabriel Grover, of Holborn


, a silversmith
. I saw a seal about the 31st of March or the 1st of April.
Q. What did you see the prisoner do? - I know of his cutting the glass; he came to the window; I was at the further end of the counter.
Q. What day was it? - On the 7th of April.
Q. You was standing in the shop? - Yes. I see him come to the window, and I had a suspicion that I see him one night before, when they attempted to take some silver buckles.
Q. What time of the day was this last time? - About ten o'clock in the morning, I watched him, and I thought I see the point of something go into theputty, by the side of the frame of the window.
Q. What was it like? - I only see the point of it; I did not see what it was like; I thought he would make a hole by the side of the glass, by the frame, and then he walked away to a little distance, and came back again, Then he came back again and made another hole, and walked back again; and then came back, and put his instrument, or whatever he had in his hand, and wrenched it, and the glass cracked a little way; then he wetted his thumb, and rubbed up the glass, and the glass cracked as far as his thumb went; and he walked back again, and I jumped over the counter, and called out.
Q. Now, after he had rubbed his thumb along the glass, what did he do next, did he take the piece out? - No, be only cracked it up, he walked on, and he went to the next door and I did not let him go out of my sight, but I knocked to let my master hear, and the prisoner came back and went up a passage, and I went to him, and caught hold of the skirts of his coat and called out. A gentleman from over the way came to my assistance and brought him into the shop, and they began searching of him.
Q. Were you there? - I was there.
Q. Was any thing found on him? - He dropped a seal of mine, and it was dark in the shop, and I went to get a candle, and the constable see something and he kicked his foot on something, and kicked a seal behind him. I see him kick his foot, and I see the seal.
Q. Where was the seal before it was taken out of the window? - In a card in the window.
Q. How could he take it out if the glass was not broke? - The window was cut before, and the seal taken out then, on the second.
Q. When had your master lost a seal? - On the 2d of April.
Q. Are you sure that the seal dropped from him that was stole from your shop the 2d of April - Yes, I am sure, I sealed a letter with it on the 31st of March, or the 1st of April.
Q. Had you seen the prisoner there that day? - I could not say I did, but I thought I did.
Q. Then you have only a belief that you see him there the 2d of April? - No, I only believe it.
Q. But you are sure that the seal was lost the 2d of April? - Yes, it was lost at night.
Mr. Gurney. The last time you see this seal was on the 31st of March or the 1st of April? - Yes.
Q. You say you believe you saw the prisoner on the 2d of April? - I cannot swear that I did, I only thought I did.
Q. When you see this seal on the ground how far was it from the prisoner? - Just by him, it dropped from the prisoner.
Q. Did you see it drop? - No, but the constable see it drop, and I see the prisoner kick it behind him.
Q. He was moving about the shop? - No, he was standing still to be searched, and he kicked his foot, and hit it against the seal.
Q. What became of that instrument, did you find it? - A gentleman of the other shop brought it in, and said, a person threw it into his house like the prisoner.
-SINGLETON sworn.
I am a constable. On the 2d of April, at ten o'clock in the morning, or it might be turned of ten, as being a constable, I was sent for to this gentleman's shop, at Holborn-hill, and he gave me charge of the prisoner at the bar. I searched him. While searching him, he was very busy at work with his two hands; presently I heard something drop. I said to him, you have dropped something. No, sayshe, I have not dropped nothing. He gave his foot a kick, and kicked the seal behind him; I stood and picked it up, and it was this seal, and I shewed it to the gentleman, and he looked at it, and the boy likewise said, this was the seal taken out on the 3d of April, when the pane of glass was broke.
Q. Was the prisoner by when he said that? - After that I had searched him, I examined his watch, this seal was added to it, and you may see where the other seal was broke off. Here is a duplicate of a key pawned for a shilling; I did not go to inquire about that; nor this other seal the gentleman of the shop did not own. This tool was brought in by a gentleman from the next door, who is a linen draper, it is a kind of a brad awl; and in searching him here is a key, to which I can say nothing, it was found in his breeches, it may be the key of his lodgings.
Mr. Gurney. I think you said you heard something drop while you was searching the prisoner? - Yes, it dropped close from him, down at my toes.
Q. He dis vowed all knowledge of that seal? - He did.
Q. Where was it you searched the prisoner? - At the end of the counter in the shop, between the parlour and counter, in rather a dark place, and the seal dropped from him, and I said, my friend, you have dropped something.
Q. It was a dark place near the counter? - Yes; but not so dark but I could see.
Q. Did you search all the dark parts of the shop? - I did not.


                  GABRIEL
                   GRANGER
               



             sworn.
On the 2d of April I had my window broke, and a gold seal taken out.
Q. Do you know by whom? - I do not; I see some man looking about the window about a quarter of an hour before.
Q. What time of the day was it? - Ten o'clock at night.
Q. Was the shew glass without side of the house? - It was not the shew glass; it is the front upright glass of the the window.
Q. How near was the seal to the window? - It was a finger's breadth from the glass, I received it in about five minutes after it was done; I was selling a pair of buckles, and then after the glass was broke and the seal was gone; there was a small piece of the glass gone from the corner, a hole big enough to admit a small seal being taken out.
Q. Then there must have been a wire or something put in to take it out? - I conceive the hand could not be put in, but two fingers might.
Q. Then you heard no more of your seal from that time to the seventh? - No, not at all, till I heard it was found on the prisoner.
Q. What past at his examination when he was first brought into the shop? - I see him sumbling at something as if he was striving to conceal the instrument, with which he broke the glass; but afterwards I understood by the constable, that he found a glass seal.
Q. Did you see the constable produce the seal to you? - Yes.
Q. Did you hear any thing drop? - Yes, I did; I heard the watchman tell him he dropped something.
Q. What did he say to that? - I do not recollect.
Q. Is that your seal? - Yes; that is the seal I lost out of my window, on the 2d of April; I am confident of it.
Mr. Gurney. You did not see any drop? - I did not.
Q. What is there so very remarkable in that seal as for you to know it to be your property? - The impression.
Q. Was it cut for any body particularly? - No, it was not; I had a seal of that very impression.

Q. You bought it in the course of trade? - The seal was made at Birmingham.
Court to Ross. Do you know that seal? - I knew it directly the constable picked it up; I know it by the impression, and by the bars, and by the make of it.
Q. Had you ever had it in your hand before? - Yes, I sealed a letter with it either on the first of April or the 31st of March.
Mr. Gurney. You sealed a letter with a seal of this impression and make? - It was this seal.
Q. Supposing the same workman had made one exactly like it, you could not have known the difference? - There is some little difference.
Q. Is there any one particular mark on it? - Only the impression.
Q. This was the 7th of April, and you had not seen it from the 2d? - No, I had not. There was one bar in it had been loosened and was obliged to be taken to a town workman to be fastened.
Prisoner. I am entirely innocent of what I stand here charged with.
The prisoner called three witnesses to his character.
Jury to Ross. The window that was broke on the 2d of April, was that the same as the prisoner was breaking on the 7th? - No, the next pane.




               GUILTY, (Aged 20) Of stealing but not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
