





703. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ALLWRIGHT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 11th of August
 last, forty-eight table knives, with black ebony handles, value 18 s. forty-eight forks, value 9 s. twenty-four other knives, with black ebony handles, value 9 s. twenty-four forks, called three-prong forks, with black handles, value 6 s. four-carving knives and forks, value 3 s. twenty-four other knives, value 40 s. twenty-four other forks, value 20 s. two other carving knives and forks, value 6 s. twenty-four other knives, value 1 l. 14 s, twenty-four other forks, value 17 s. six other carving forks, value 3 s. and one box, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mott
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Harris
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN
                   MOTT
               



             sworn.
I live at the Castle and Falcon, Aldersgate-street. I was not in town when the goods were lost; I know nothing of the robbery.


                  JAMES
                   BROWN
               



             sworn.
I am a carman to Mr. Mott; I had a box delivered to me by the book-keeper. I was going down Cloak-lane


, and some people called after me, and said, a box was taken out of the cart; I was close by the cart, and saw the box was gone; I went back directly, to the Three Crowns, Dowgate-hill; the box was there, on the ground: Jones, who is here, said he saw the prisoner take it: the constable took the box.
- JONES sworn.
I am a porter. I went to the Three Crowns, Dowgate-hill, on the 11th of August, between four and five: coming towards Walbrook, I saw a cart coming out of Dowgate-hill, into Cloak-lane: the prisoner was at the tail of the cart; I saw him take a box out of the cart; he passed me towards Dowgate-hill; the cart went towards Cannon-street; he went from me about fifty or sixty yards; and I ran after, and took hold of him, and asked him where he had got the box? he asked what was it to me? I told him I thought he had stolen it; I held him till a constable came; I sent a porter for a constable; the box was put on the ground at the Three Crowns door: the constable had the box.


                  WILLIAM
                   WILSON
               



             sworn.
I expected a box from Birmingham onthat day, in consequence of a letter I received; I had given orders for such things as were in the box; I saw the box at a public house on Dowgate-hill, between four and five in the afternoon.


                  JAMES
                   NEWMAN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. I was coming with the prisoner to Newgate; at the corner of Foster-lane, he knocked the other constable down, and 
               
                  drew
               


             a knife, and cut me on the thumb in two places; he tried to escape; I held him myself; the other officer was afraid to come near him; the prisoner tried to stab me in the side and on the head.


                  WILLIAM
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable. I saw the prisoner in the custody of Jones; I staid with the prisoner till Mr. Wilson came; I asked him if that was his property? he said it was; he gave charge of him: the box was directed,
"
               
                  William
                   Wilson
               



            , Cannon-street;" it has never been opened; I have kept it ever since.
(The box produced.)
Mr. Wilson. I know the hand-writing of the direction; it is the writing of my correspondent, at Birmingham.
Court to Mr. Mott. Is the book-keeper here? - No; he is gone into Yorkshire.
(The box opened.)
Court to Mr. Mott. Are you liable to pay for these goods if they are lost? - Certainly.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I work with my father. I was going to take a letter into Thames-street. I went down Walbrook; there was a man in a green coat asked me where I was going? I said, into Thames-street; he had a box with him; he asked me if I was agreeable to carry it for him, and he would satisfy me; I had not got it a minute, when Jones came up to me, and said, halloo, cock, does that belong to you? I told him it belonged to that man; he took me into custody.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
