





335. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BRIDE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
 last, an amethyst ring with two diamond sparks, value 25 s. a gold enamelled locket, value 11 s. and a silver medal, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Evans
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT
                   EVANS
               



             sworn.
I am a goldbeater
 in Long Acre


: I went out of town on Friday the 8th of June, and left orders to have the windows cleaned. I locked up my bureau, and the next day found it was broken open; the ring, and locket and medal were produced, which were mine; whether or not any thing else was lost I cannot say; the bureau was broke open.


                  MARY
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I live with the last witness; the prisoner was employed to clean the windows. I went out.


                  JOHN
                   BECK HEATHER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker in Long Acre: the prisoner brought this ring to my shop to sell, and I suspected him; I stopped it; I said this ring belongs to Mr. Evans the gold-beater; says he, what, you are one of the thieving glaziers, are you, that go about in a morning, and I took him into custody.


                  MOSES
                   MORANT
               



             sworn.
Produced a medal and locket which he took from the prisoner.
(The ring deposed to.)
Prisoner. I found them in Drury-lane, wrapped up in a piece of paper.
Court to Mr. Heather. What time did he bring the ring to you? - At about half after nine.
Court to 
               
                  Mary
                   Davis
               



            . What time did he go away from cleaning the windows? - About half after eight.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
