






403. 
               

                        THOMAS 
                        SANDERS
                     









             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 26th of August
, value 2s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Stevens
                        




.


                  ELIZABETH
                   STEVENS
               



             sworn.
Q. What do you know of the loss of a tea spoon? - I am a poor woman, I hope it will be made up to me.
Q. Did you lose any one in particular? What mark had it on? - R. H.
Q. When did you lose it? - Three weeks ago on Wednesday.(The spoon produced.)
Court. This has M. W? - They that can read tell me it is R. H. I cannot read, but it is my spoon, if there was no mark on it, I could swear to it, I have had it many years; it was picked up by a young lad; it was lost from my own cup on the table, in the back room; I was drinking tea when the man came in; two men came into my shop; I keep a bit of a shop
; when they came in they asked the price of a bit of pudding, I keep a bit of pudding in my window, and a bit of a chandler's shop; that man that came in and asked the price of the pudding, he went away directly to my back room, and he put his hand to my cup; but as to seeing him take the spoon out I cannot say, I missed the spoon directly, and I thought he took it then, but I was obliged to stand at my counter, for fear the other man should take other things. There was a woman drinking tea with me at the time, she was in my room, he told her he had got some washing for her, and she went out with him, to shew him her place, so when she went out with him I called out to her and said, you are wrong, for the man has stole my spoon; then I locked my house up and followed them, and the woman also followed them, and I followed them till other people stopped them, that was half a mile from my house, and the officer came up directly, this man broke the spoon before he was stopped; I did not see him, I see him put his hand into his pocket, but other persons see him break it and throw it away.


                  LYDIA
                   POWERS
               



             sworn.
Q. Were you with Mrs. Stevens when the two men came in, while you were drinking tea? - Yes, I was.

Q. Should you know either of the men again? - Yes, that is one, and the other is out of doors now.
Q. What did this man do? - I did not see him take the spoon; he came up to me, and said he knew me, and I had forgot him; he asked me to take in some washing; I said I did not know nothing of him, no more I did not; he came by the side of the table in the back kitchen, as I sat drinking; I followed and pursued after him, and took him in Union-street.
Q. How far from Mrs. Stevens's house? - I take it to be about half a mile; I did not see him break the tea spoon, but the pieces of the tea spoon were thrown away into the road; I did not see him throw it away, but here is a young lad here that did.


                  DANIEL
                   GAGE
               



             sworn.
I see the two thieves going up Union-street, and I followed them, and as they were going along I see something drop, I did not look to see what it was, I followed them till they were taken; afterwards I went back and found a bunch of keys, and I brought them to the officers, Mr. Mason and Mr. Harper.
Q. Was the prisoner one of those two? - Yes, that is one of them.


                  CHRISTOPHER
                   KELLY
               



             sworn.
I see the man, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Sanders
               



            , go down Union-street, and turn up Union-buildings.
Q. What day was it? - I don't know positively; I see the prisoner drop a bunch of keys out of his silk handkerchief, and then directly I picked up one key, and brought it to where the prisoners were with the constable, and I left the other.
Q. Did you see him drop any thing else? - No; I gave the key back to the prisoner; he asked me for it.


                  ABRAHAM
                   JACOBS
               



             sworn.
I and this 
               
                  Thomas
                   Sanders
               



             went pass where this woman lives, says he to me, Abe, let us go in and buy a bit of pudding, I said I did not care, I will go in and buy a bit of pudding; I went in and asked the price of a bit of pudding; says she, three halfpence, and I pulled out a shilling, and she said she had no change; in the mean time 
               
                  Thomas
                   Sanders
               



             went back into the back room, and she hallooed out he had stole the tea spoon.
Q. Did you see him take it? - I did not; when he came out of doors, he says, Abe, come along.
Prisoner. My lord he has been tried at New Prison for passing bad money, and he has been tried here.
Witness. So then when he came out of doors he put his hand into his right hand waistcoat pocket, and shews me a tea spoon; says I, what have you got there, what do you do with that? throw it away; no, says he, I shall not throw it away, I got it in there, let us walk on; then we walked on a little way, he seeing the women coming after him, he said, let us have a run, so he and I both run till we came to a turning to turn down, and on the way he broke the spoon into bits; we thought when we turned down we had lost the people that were running after him, but in a short time he saw the woman again coming after him; and he said Abe, let us run again, they are coming after us; I said, no, there is no occasion for running, let us walk on, and he threw the tea spoon into a place where they sold sand, and the women were pretty nigh us, and we turned up a turning, and there was no thoroughfare, and we were both taken, and in going up he threw some keys out of his pocket.
Q. To Powers. Was this the other man? - He was.


                  PETER
                   MASON
               



             sworn.
Q. You are the constable? - Yes. On Wednesday, the 26th of August, about five o'clock in the afternoon, a woman, ofthe name of Powers came to me, and desired me to go along with her after two men that had stole a silver spoon; I went along with her, and there was a crowd, and I took them into custody, and just as I got hold of him, Gage give me these pick lock keys, and I took them into the nearest public house, and this Harper came and searched them.
Q. Who gave you the tea spoon? - A child of about six years old.
Q. Did you see where the child picked it up? - It was at a place where they sold sand and coals, as I learned from the father of the child.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, but I would be obliged to you to shew me as much lenity as you can; it was owing to being in bad company, I was never here before.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 22.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ROOKE.
