





528. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     YATES
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of July
, a pair of leather breeches, value 7s. three Marcella waistcoats, value 9s. seven calico shirts, value 28s. twenty-three muslin half handkerchiefs, value 23s. six muslin neckcloths, value 6s. two cambrick neckcloths, value 2s. a pair of silk hose, value 4s. a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 7s. and a cloth coat, value 12s.
             the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Morse
               




            , Esq.


(The case was opened by Mr. Knapp).


                  ROBERT
                   MORSE
               



            , Esq. sworn - Examined by Mr. Knapp. - In July last, I had lodgings in New Bond-street


, at the house of Mr. Osbaldiston; the prisoner was my servant
; In consequence of some information that I received, the prisoner was apprehended: On the 15th of July last, I searched, and found the property described in the indictment to be missing; the greatest part of it was placed under my own lock and key, in a chest up stairs, perfectly out of the prisoner's custody; the prisoner was searched, and some duplicates found upon him, by which the property was traced; he had lived with me four years and a half; they have been in the hands of the pawnbroker ever since.


                  JOHN
                   DOBREE
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, servant to Mary Rochfort, in Jermyn-street; I took in a coat, on the 12th of July, for eighteen shillings, of the prisoner; to the best of my knowledge he is the man, (produces it); I had never seen him before.


                  JOHN
                   MERVIN
               



             sworn. - I am shopman to Mr. Hill, the corner of Lower John-street, Golden-square; The prisoner has been in the habit of dealing with me very frequently, (Produces the property and thirteen duplicates); I took these things in of the prisoner, at different times for two or three years; I understood from him that he was doing as many servants do till their wages become due, he pledged his own clothes.


                  HENRY
                   EDWARDS
               



             sworn. - I am a patrol belonging to Bow-street: I searched the prisoner, on the 15th of July, at Mr. Bond's own apartments; I found a small key in his pocket, and upon going to his lodgings with him, in the kitchen, I saw a tea-caddie, which he said was his; this small key opened it, and I found in it a great number of duplicates, there are seventeen of them; four of them are of his own property.
Mervin. These are all of them our duplicates, and they correspond with those which I have produced.
Mr. Morse. I can swear positively to all these articles, except the three waistcoats, because they have my mark; the waistcoats I believe to be mine, but am not positive.
Prisoner's defence. I had occasion for a little money; I parted with these things with no other design than to redeem them when I took my wages, which would have been on the 27th of July; I hadto receive 20l. Mr. Morse never fulfilled his engagement with me; he was to settle with me every Monday, and he has let bills run up to 11l.
Jury to Mervin. Q. Did he ever redeem any articles? - A. Yes; these six half handkerchiefs were pledged with me a twelvemonth ago, and he afterwards redeemed them.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 37.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
