





153. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     REGUS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     - Tennant
                     


                  , on the 24th of February
 last, and stealing eight linen caps, value 8 s. and sundry other things
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Johnson
                  



               
            .


                  MARY
                   JOHNSON
               



             sworn.
I live in Hare-court


, and only rent a room at Mr. Tennant's, who lets his house out in tenements: I went out at eleven in the morning in February, I locked my door with two padlocks, and another lock besides, I left nobody in the room; I was sent for, and informed my room was broke open; I returned about twelve o'clock at noon.
Did you know the prisoner? - I never knew him in my life; they were taken out of a tub.


                  ELIZABETH
                   WILLIAMS
               



             sworn.
I am next door neighbour to 
               
                  Mary
                   Johnson
               



            ; on Wednesday, the 24th of February, I heard a noise in the next house, and I went out and saw the prisoner come down stairs, and drop the linen at the outside door in the court, and he run away; I am sure the prisoner is the man; I saw him in a minute after, he was taken and brought back.


                  ANN
                   RUTT
               



             sworn.
I live in the same court; I saw a man come down stairs, but do not know him again.
- SHAKESHAFT sworn.
I am constable. (Produces the things.) Ihave had them in my possession ever since they were delivered to me by Phillips.
- PHILLIPS sworn.
I was in the court, and saw the things in the court, and took them up, and gave them to Shakeshaft.
To 
               
                  Mary
                   Johnson
               



            . Did you see Phillips take up the bundles? - No, my Lord, they were taken up before I got home.
(The things deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was in Spitalfields-market, and heard the cry of stop thief, I ran and they took me, I work in Field-lane, I have several respectable people to appear for my character.
The prisoner called five witnesses who gave him a good character.




               GUILTY
            ,
Of stealing to the value of 10 d. only.
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.




[Transportation. See summary.]


