





212. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BARNES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 19th of January
, a man's cloth coat, value 50s. a muslin waistcoat, value 10s. a pair of brown velveret breeches, value 10s. a linen gown, value 10s. a dimity petticoat, value 5s. a muslin apron, value 2s. a muslin handkerchief, value 2s. and a white calico bed-gown, value 1s. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Sheffield
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS
                   SHEFFIELD
               



             sworn.
I am a lamp-lighter
, I live in Silk-street


; my wife and child were bad of a fever, I got the prisoner to take care of them, not being able to take care of themselves; the child died while she was at our house, and my wife got well; I told her the Sunday after the child died, that she must get herself a place, and gave her leave to stay with us till she could get one, and she thanked us for it; my wife went out to see for a bit of ground for the child; I went about my business, and left the prisoner at home about half past four o'clock; I told her we should be at home about seven. After I had done work, I went to my wife; we returned about eight o'clock, found the door locked, and nobody at home; she had left the key next door; when I had got the key, and opened the door, I saw the prisoner's shoes on the floor; I went up stairs, and found a box of mine open, that was left locked; I am sure it was locked, because, as we sweat very much in our business, I went up for a handkerchief, and, the box being locked, I could not get one, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment,(repeating them); we went in search of the things to the pawnbrokers, but could not find them; the constable found my wife's cloaths upon her; my coat was found at Mr. Parker's, the pawnbroker, by the constable.


                  JAMES
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
On the 20th of January, the prosecutor came to me; and on Saturday the 23d, at six o'clock in the evening, I found her at the Four Swans Ian, Bishopsgate-street; she had on this gown, apron, handkerchief, and petticoat, (producing them); I asked her what she had done with the man's cloaths? she told me she had pledged the coat with Mr. Parker, in Grub-street; and the waistcoat and breeches, with Mr. Crouch, in Fore-street; she told me she had left her own cloaths where she took these from; I immediately went and took Mrs. Sheffield with me to identify the things.
Q.(To Sheffield.) Look at those things; are they the articles you left in the box? - A. Yes; they are my property.


                  ANN
                   SHEFFIELD
               



             sworn.
I am sure these things are my property.
Prisoner's defence. The woman desired me to put her cloaths on, and go out and walk the streets, and bring her in some money; and if I did not, she would turn me out of the house directly; she had the money that I pawned these things for.
Q.(To Mrs. Sheffield.) Did you desire her to put your cloaths on? - A. No, I did not.
Q. She says you had the money that they were pawned for? - A. No; I left them in my box locked up, when I went out.




               GUILTY, Of stealing to the value of 38s
            . (Aged 23.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second London Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
