






391. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BARNETT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 15th of May
, fifty-five pieces of printed cotton cloth, containing 1500 yards, value 150l.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas Jackson

               
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Jackson
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Potts
                  



               
            .
Second Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Morson
                  



               
            .
Third Count. Laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Lamb
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Scott
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Ormiston
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Foster
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Wildy
                  



               
            .
(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  DAVID
                   FOSTER
               



             sworn. - On the 2d of May I delivered a package to the Carlisle waggon, marked M. No. 77, carriage paid, May 2d; it contained seventy-eight pieces of printed cotton.
Q. Who were the proprietors of that cotton




? - A. 
               
                  Joseph
                   Lamb
               



            , 
               
                  Robert
                   Scott
               



            , 
               
                  Robert
                   Ormiston
               



            , 
               
                  John
                   Foster
               



            , and 
               
                  Robert
                   Wildy
               



            .
Q. Who was it intended to go to? - A. To Mr. Morson.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. (Counsel for Brown.) Q. There were a great number of other parcels delivered to this waggon? - A. Yes.
Q. You are now speaking from recollection? - A. Yes; I do recollect it.
Q. Do you recollect any other packages that were delivered that day? - A. Yes; there was another bale for Mr. Morson delivered the same day.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. (Counsel for Barnett.) Q. Did you yourself pack up this? - A. No.
Q. Then, of your own knowledge, do you know that it contains seventy-eight pieces of printed cotton? - A. I do.


                  DUNCAN
                   PYRKE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am apprentice with Mr. Morson in Watling-street.
Q. Did any package come from Carlisle to Mr. Morson's house, from Messrs. Lamb, Scott, and Company? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you receive a package, No. 77? - A. Yes.
Q. Did that package come with its full contents? - A. No; we received but twenty-three pieces in that package.
Court. Q. What day did you receive it? - A. On the 15th of May.

Q. Was that the regular day for receiving it by the waggon setting out from Carlisle on the 2d of May? - A. I do not know exactly; it does not always come on the regular day.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. It is not within your knowledge to know the exact time it ought to arrive? - A. Not within a day.
Q. Were you in your master's premises when the cart arrived with these goods? - A. I was in the warehouse when the man arrived with the goods on his back.
Q. Is that man here? - A. No.
Q. How long was it before you were able to discover that there was some part of the package wanting - did any body else make the observation before you? - A. Mr. Jobling did; he is here.
Q. Is the man here that brought it you? - A. I do not know that he is.


                  JOHN
                   JOBLING
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I keep the White Horse inn, Cripplegate: The Carlisle waggon came to our inn on the 15th of May.
Q. Had you any waggon and package marked M. No. 77? - A. Yes; I observed that the bale had been cut open on one side.
Q. Was the bale complete? - A. No.
Q. How much did it weight when it arrived? - A. About an hundred and three quarters; I followed the man to Mr. Morson's, and saw the bale counted out.
Q. Did you afterwards receive that which was supposed to make up the other quantity? - A. Yes; from the constable, about two in the afternoon of the same day, fifty-five pieces, which made up the quantity corresponding with the waybill.
Q. Where have these fifty-five pieces been since? - A. They were sealed up by the constable, and have been in my possession ever since, under lock and key.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Who was it brought them to the inn? - A. They came in a cart to our inn.
Q. Who was the driver of that cart? - A. I do not know; it was a cart the waggoner was obliged to hire a cart.
Q. The waggoner, of course, knew him? - A. Yes.
Q. And therefore we might have seen him here, if your waggoner had given him information where he was to be had? - A. He is not here.
Q. How far did he drive this cart with the property? - A. Eighteen or nineteen miles; he took the cart about eleven or twelve o'clock the evening before, and arrived about eight at night.
Q. But you did not ask the name of the man who actually drove, and have not him here to-day? - A. The carter is that kind of young man, that I do not think he could know any thing about it.
Court. Q. He is not here? - A. No.


                  JOSEPH
                   GREEN
               



             sworn. - I am a waggoner: I had the charge of Messrs. Jacksons' waggon, at Fairburn, in Yorkshire.
Q. Do you remember seeing any package in your waggon, marked M. No. 77? - A. Perfectly well.
Q. Was your waggon pretty well loaded? - A. It was over-loaded.
Q. When did you see that package last? - A. I saw it at Hatfield Wood-side, in Hertfordshire, about eighteen miles from London; that was about four in the afternoon; I got two horses of the land lord, and unloaded this package, with others, the waggon being over-loaded, and put them into a cart; the waggon went first, and the cart followed it; we set off from Hatfield Wood-side exactly at twelve o'clock; I went with the waggon and the cart both as far as Potter's-bar, about fourteen miles from London; at Potter's bar I got into the waggon.
Q. Who took care of the cart? - A. A man that I employ, of the name of Eccles; the cart was drove by a man employed by the landlord to drive the cart.
Q. How were the packages in the cart secured? - A. Tied round with a rope. When I got within about a quarter of a mile of the high-stone, I heard that there had been a loss; in consequence of that, I got out of the waggon, and went to the cart; I found the rope cut, and the tarpaulin cut; then I examined, and missed a quantity of prints out of the bale.
Q. Was it out of that bale marked M. No. 77? A. Yes, it was; I immediately got upon my poney, and rode back; when I got a little way, I met a man with a hay-cart; in consequence of what I heard from him, I proceeded down a road called the Chase-road, and saw a fresh track of wheels that had turned down that way, near Galley-corner; I cannot say whether it is in Middlesex or Herts; when I had got about a quarter of a mile down the Chase-road, I met the tall man at the bar (Barnett) in a brown coat, I wished him a good morning, and gave him the time of the morning, and he did me the same; when I got further on, I found another waggon; and, by information, I pursued the track till I got almost to Southgate; at the end of Southgate, there is a little lane upon the right hand, I perceived the fresh track go down that lane; I then rode to Mr. Day's house, about four hundred yards from the lane, and called him up, and told him what I had observed, and then I went and called up Sayer the constable; then we returned to the bye-road, whereI had seen the track go down, and when I got there, we saw a cart and horse stand within the brick fields; in consequence of what the landlord said, I jumped over the paling, and went into the brick fields, I saw Brown, the prisoner, covering some straw upon the property; as soon as he saw me, he made the best of his way to his cart and horse, which stood just by; I went into the shed where the goods laid, I lifted up the straw, and saw the prints lie; I immediately went to Brown, and caught him by the collar; I asked him if he knew what laid under that straw, he said, no, he did not; I told him I would learn him to know before I had done with him. He rather refused to be held by me, and wished I would let him go; I told him I would not, for he had robbed me of my property, and he was my prisoner; this was about four o'clock, as near as I can guess. He said, the cart and horses were his, and insisted upon my letting him take them away; after some little hesitation, he got away, and made his escape; I ran after him, and he jumped over the hedge into the high-road again. I told him he might run as he would, for he was guilty, I had got his horse and cart, and I would have him, let the consequence be what it would. He returned back, and I took him to the horse and cart again, and, with a little conversation, he asked me what I would have to make it up with him; I told him I did not know, if he would go to the public-house, Mr. Day's, I would talk with him about it; he hesitated a minute or two, and looked down the road, and saw the prisoner Barnett coming up, and he shouted to him to come to his assistance; he said, here, here; before he could come up, the constable and a young man came up, then I gave the constable charge of him; before the constable could get hold of him, he ran away again, and we caught him again.
Q. Did you hear whether Barnett said any thing? - A. He seemed to make a push for it just at the first, but the constable came up, and took charge of Brown.
Q. Did you go to the place where you saw Brown covering over these things with straw? - A. Yes.
Q. How many pieces of cotton did you find there? - A. Fifty-five.
Q. Was there any thing there besides the pieces of cotton? - A. There was a sack laid by the side of them, and there were the cushions belonging to Brown's cart.
Q. What became of those pieces of cotton? - A. As soon as the men were in custody, I fetched baskets, and took them to Day's house.
Q. Were they such as a man could carry? - A. Not in that situation; a man might carry them if they were done up tight, they took me three turns.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The first time you had any suspicion that you had lost any property, was near Potters-bar


? - A. Between Potters-bar and Barnet.
Q. The carter's name you do not know? - A. No.
Q. You saw nothing of Brown at all at Potters-bar? - A. No, I did not.
Q. And how far is Potters'-bar from where you found these things in the brick field? - A. I suppose it may be three miles, or near four.
Q. And any body might have taken them from Potters-bar, and taken them to Brown, at South-gate? - A. It might be so, but they were very handy if they did.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. After you had got Brown in custody, you saw Barnett coming along the road? - A. Yes.
Q. At some distance? - A. Yes.
Q. When you say Brown called for assistance, he only called out, here, here? - A. Yes.
Q. Then hearing the cry of here, here, you thought Barnett quickened his pace? - A. Yes.
Q. You never saw Barnett in the field with him, or with the goods? - A. No.
Q. You never saw him near the goods till after he was called to by you and Brown? - A. No.


                  WILLIAM
                   DAY
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I live at Southgate, I keep the Crown: I was called up by the last witness, on the 15th of May; in consequence of that, I went with him into a brick-field, about four or five hundred yards above my house.
Q. Is the road through which you went leading any where else? - A. Only leading into the same fields beside the brick fields.
Q. Do you know the prisoner, Brown? - A. Yes, he was employed in the brick field by a Mr. Kingston, who has a contract for making bricks; I went into the field, and as I was going up the road, I saw the prisoner Brown's cart; and as soon as I got into the field, I saw the prisoner and his cart standing by a kind of shed used for putting in sand; the waggoner went just before me into the shed, and I followed him; as soon as he got in, he lifted up some straw, and there were some pieces of cotton; the waggoner came out, and said, he must take care of him; Brown said, for what; he said, those were his goods that he had lost; Brown said, he knew nothing about the goods; the waggoner endeavoured to lay hold of him, and he ran round the cart two or three times; Brown soon after made a run up the field into the road, and the waggoner after him; I took the waggoner's poney and rode round into the road to meet him, and stopped him; the waggoner then took hold of him, and brought him down towards the cart; Brown asked me, up in the road, if I could lend him 5l.

Q. Did Brown explain what he wanted you to lend him five pounds for? - A. No; I told him I I had no money that I could lend; and immediately after came up one of the men, Nicholls, and laid hold of Brown, and took him down to my house.
Q. Are you sure that that cart and horse was Brown's? - A. It was a cart and horse that Brown has often come to my house in.
Q. Did you see the place where the pieces of cotton were found? - A. Yes.
Q. Did you see any thing else there besides the cotton? - A. No, I did not. The cotton was conveyed to my house.
Q. Did you see the other prisoner, Barnett? - A. I did not see him till after he was taken by the constable.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. You say you knew Brown before? - A. Yes.
Q. Perhaps you know that he was concerned in a contract for bricks with Mr. Kingston? - A. Yes.
Q. Therefore it was not at all unusual to find him in his brick field? - A. It was a place he had a right to go to.
Q. And he went backwards and forwards whenever he pleased, in order to inspect the workmen? - A. Yes.
Q. I think you told my learned friend, it was the waggoner that lifted up the straw, and discovered the goods? - A. Yes.
Q. Are you sure you are correct in so stating it? - A. Yes.
Q. Then Brown was not covering them up when you came up? - A. No, I was rather behind.
Q. Did Brown, when you came up, allow that they might be his goods, but he knew nothing at all about them? - A. He did.
Q. It is a pretty large brick field? - A. Yes.
Q. About what hour in the morning? - A. About four o'clock.
Q. When these goods might be put under the straw I should think you will not swear? - A. No.
Q. Was it unusual for Brown to come into the field with a horse and cart? - A. No.
Q. Do you know how long a time Brown had to fulfil his contract with Kingston? - A. No.
Q. You do not know whether it was pretty near being fulfilled, and that it was necessary for him to be there early in the morning? - A. No, it was just began.
Court. Q. When you went into the field did you see anybody else in the field, or about this place? - A. I did not see anybody else.
Q. You did not see anybody running away from Brown's cart? - A. No.


                  ROBERT
                   SAYER
               



             sworn. - I am a constable at Southgate: I was called upon by the waggoner, Green, about a quarter after four in the morning; I got up and called assistance; I was ordered to take up a man with a pig tail and a brown coat, and a sore hand, if I met such a man; I went up the road, and Mr. Day was coming running for me to make all the haste I could; then I went into the brick field to follow him, there stood Mr. Brown's cart, and Mr. Brown by the side of it; as soon as Mr. Brown saw me coming, and another with me, he took to his heels and ran away as fast as he could, Brown knew me before; then two of my men ran after him over the field, and then he got over into the road, and Mr. Day was there, and they had some consultation together, then my man went up and secured Brown; the other man, Barnett, was just by, walking down the road for Southgate, as unconcerned as could be; then the waggoner bid me take his horse and ride after him to take him; I got on the horse, and took one of my sons with me, I rode part of the way, and got off the horse, and ran after him, and told him he was ordered to come back, he came back with me directly without any interruption; then we had got them both at the Crown door, and they sat down on a bench that was there; then Mr. Brown wanted to get up to speak to Mr. Day, I bid my lad release his collar for him to speak to Mr. Day, and he took to his heels and ran round the corner of Mr. Day's house; and as soon as Brown started to run away, the other started to run the other way; but my brother was coming over the road and picked up a butcher's knife, and he happened to lay hold of Barnett, and brought him back; I sent for a pair of handcuffs and handcuffed them together; I heard Brown say, several times, that he had no money in his pocket, and he dare say Mr. Day would lend him five guineas to give the waggoner; then I took them into the house, and searched Barnett first, I found nothing in his pocket at all; then I searched Brown, and found the tin plate of his cart in his pocket, with his name, and the words "a taxed cart" wrote upon it; then I went to the cart, and there was a brown coat in the cart, and a sack; the seat of the cart was taken out, and was not there at all; the cushions of the cart laid where the property was; then I brought the coat, and neither of them would own it; when I went before the Justice Mr. Brown recollected and said it was his coat.
Q. What became of the cloth? - A. It was up in the sand place, and I lent a hand afterwards to get it away; I took it in a cart to Mr. Jobling's, the White-horse, and there I sealed it down with three seals.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. Where is this brick field? - A. Leading from Southgate to Potters-bar.

Q. In what parish? - A. East Barnet.
Q. That is in Hertfordshire? - A. Yes.
Q. Is any part of the road from Galley-corner to the brick field in Middlesex? - A. Every part of it.
Cross-examined by Mr. Gurney. Q. You say Barnett was going along the road as unconcerned as could be? - A. Yes.
Q. You never saw him in company with Brown before that? - A. No.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Are you sure it was a brown coat? - A. Yes, I have the coat here.


                  JOHN
                   NICHOLLS
               



             sworn. - I went with Sayer the constable in pursuit of these people; I was called up by the constable and was ordered to lay hold of Mr. Brown, I took him to Mr. Day's public-house while they went after Barnett; when I got to Day's house, Brown said, he would be glad if Mr. Day would lend him any sum of money to make it up with the waggoner, what the waggoner should wish to have, and then they brought Mr. Barnett up at the same time; then Brown made an attempt to get off, he had got away, and I followed him and got him again, and Barnett made a start at the same time, the other way; Barnett got a very little way, I suppose not ten yards, the waggoner stopped him; I went after Brown. (Some of the cloth produced).
Mr. Foster. This was our's, I know it by the number.
Court. Q. Is there any mark there? - A. Yes; here are two or three, here is Lamb and Company, Carlisle; it is made by the person that measures them.
Mr. Knapp. Q. There are more in your warehouse with that mark? - A. Yes; there is the same mark of Lamb and Company upon all the other pieces; there is the number of the print field upon it.
The prisoners left their defence to their Counsel. Brown called five witnesses and Barnett one witness, who gave them a good character.


                  JOHN
                   NICHOLLS
               



             sworn. - I am servant to the prisoner Brown, I saw him harness his horse that morning about half past three o'clock.
Mr. Knapp. Q. (To Day.) How far is it from Tottenham High-cross to Galley-corner? - A. About eight miles; the brick-fields are much about the half way.
Q. (To Nicholls.) Are you sure your master took his horse at half past three in the morning? - A. Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. How do you know it was half past three? - A. By our own clock in the house.
Mr. Knapp. Q. Then, if he had gone from Tottenham to Galley-corner, and back again to the brick field, that would have been twelve miles? - A. Yes.
Prisoner Barnett. I had been to St. Alban's to see an aunt, and when I got there I found she was dead; I did not want to stay, I wanted to go to Blackwall; I enquired if there were any coaches going to town, I could not hear of any, and I set off towards Blackwall to go to Southgate, through Highgate and that way, the nighest way to Blackwall; I had every opportunity of getting away, if I had been guilty, when I was called to by the constable.
Q. (To Green.) You said that Brown shouted to Barnett, which way was Barnett then going? - A. Towards London.
Brown, 

               GUILTY
             (Aged 28.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Barnett, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice GROSE.
