





108. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PARMENTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 24th of November
, eighteen guineas and a half, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Morland
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Gutteridge
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        James
                         Morland
                     



.(The witnesses were examined apart at the request of the prisoner).


                  JAMES
                   MORLAND
               



             sworn.
I am a grocer

: On Tuesday the 24th of November, I missed seventeen guineas and two half guineas; I counted them behind my own counter, between twelve and one o'clock at noon; I am in partnership with Mr. Gutteridge; there were fifty-seven guineas and two half guineas in cash, I put them in a drawer behind my counter, there was nolock to it; about one o'clock I went up to dinner with my partner; I left my maid-servant in the care of the shop, there being nobody else at home; when I came down again, in about half an hour, or three quarters of an hour, there were two men in the shop, one was taking a pound of sugar off the counter, and put it in his left hand great coat pocket, they then went out of the shop.
Q. Was the prisoner one of them? - A. I cannot swear to his person; I followed them, and stood at the door some time, and then returned behind the counter; Mr. Gutteridge was then there, I opened the drawer in which the bag was contained.
Q. The money was in a bag, was it? - A. Yes, in a canvas bag; in taking up the bag, I told Mr. Gutteridge the bag was much lighter than when I left it; I counted the money, and, instead of fifty-seven guineas and two half guineas, there were exactly forty guineas and no half guineas.


                  SAMUEL
                   GUTTERIDGE
               



             sworn.
On the twenty-fourth of November, the prisoner at the bar and one other man -
Look at him? - A. I am quite sure he is the man, they came and asked me to give them two half guineas for a guinea, between one and two o'clock in the afternoon, it was nearly two I believe, I told him I believed I could; I accordingly went behind the counter, took the bag out of the drawer that contained the gold; I laid it at first upon the desk, and looked for half guineas; I was, I suppose, half a minute with it on the desk, for I could not find one there; I then brought the bag from the desk, and put it upon the edge of the counter; I took the greatest part of the gold out of the bag, and laid it upon the counter, the prisoner then looked at the other man, who was standing upon the threshold of the door, and then he came forward and begged that one of the half guineas might be a rough edged one; I found one that was pretty rough, not a very new one, they accepted that; they then seemed as particular in having the other a new one; I found one more after some time, which was a smooth one, which they refused; they then said it was of no consequence, silver would do; I replied I could not conveniently space silver, it was scarce, I had rather give them a half guinea; I recollected I had got one in my pocket; in doing that, I rather turned my face towards the window from the counter; after a little while I found a half guinea in my pocket, which I gave them, and they accepted of it; the other two that they refused was returned to the gold upon the counter; while I was looking, they pointed at the money, and put their hands towards it two or three times, both of them; and I told them to keep their hands off, they could easily see there were no half guineas there; they then asked me for a guinea of Queen Ann's reign, that they saw among the gold; I told them I did not know whether there was one of that sort; if there was they might have it; I saw one that was a smooth one, whether it was a Queen Anne's guinea or not, I cannot say, which they had, and gave me another for it; the prisoner then asked me for a pound of twelve-penny lump sugar; I told them we had none at 12d; he might have a pound at 13d. which he had, and paid me for.
Q. Were the guineas still continuing on the counter? - A. I believe I had put them into the bag before I served him with the sugar.
Q. You weighed the sugar? - A. It was ready weighed.
Q. Did you observe any thing particular upon your putting the guineas into the bag? - A. No. I did not.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You live in this house? - A. I do.
Q. You are partners together? - A. Yes.
Q. And you allow for a part of your rent in your partnership accounts? - A. It is Mr. Morland's dwelling-house.
Court. Q. Who has the lease of the house? - A. Mr. Morland.
Court. But you allow him out of the profits for the shop? - A. Yes; and a room that is used for a lumber room.
Q. After this transaction was over of giving the money, these persons staid three or four minutes? - A. No; not more than one, just while I served the sugar.
Q. This money was laid on the counter? - A. Yes.
Q. If eighteen guineas were lost, it constitutes, you know, very near a third part of the whole, and yet you missed nothing of the quantity of the heap? - A. I had not a thought of it.
Q. You did not perceive, when you put the money into the bag, less weight than before? - A. No; but when I took it out again, I felt it weighed lighter than when I took it out before.
Q. Nor was your eye attracted by any vacant space upon the counter? - A. While I was in the shop, a wild bullock was going past, which took my attention.
Q. You returned to the money after that? - A. Yes.
Q. You perceived no space uncovered that had been covered with guineas? - A. No; they were lying close to the edge of the counter.
Q. Who was in the shop besides the two persons of whom the prisoner was one, and yourself? - A. Only the servant, 
               
                  Mary
                   Graves
               



            , she went through the shop for some beer; I think she came through the shop twice during the time.



                  MARY
                   GRAVES
               



             sworn.
Mr. Gutteridge came down and sent me for a pot of beer, he had just come from dinner; and on my return, there was a man standing with his back leaning against the door post, and two more in the shop; the prisoner was leaning over the counter, and the other standing with his back toward the window; the other said to Mr. Gutteridge, I am very much obliged to you, we have given you a great deal of trouble, he said, let it be a rough edged one; Mr. Gutteridge said to the man, I will look in my pocket, and he put his apron aside, and put his hand in his left hand breeches pocket, and gave him a half guinea; before Mr. Gutteridge pulled the half guinea out of his pocket, I saw the prisoner draw a guinea from the heap upon the counter, it was a new one; I don't know whether the other gave a wink or no, that I was looking at him; but he immediately turned round and looked at me; he then put his hand plump upon the gold over the top of it, and put his hand to his side, and said, silver would do.
Q. This was while Mr. Gutteridge was rumaging for a half-guinea? - A. Yes; I went up stairs immediately.
Q. When did you inform Mr. Gutteridge of this? - A. I went up with the beer and came down immediately, Mr. Morland followed me; when I came down, the men were taking up the sugar, and going out; I went to the door, and the man at the public-house opposite kept beckoning, and saying, Mawly, Mawly, and I thought he meant me; but he was calling my master, his name being Morland; I went over the way, and before I went out, my master had missed the money, and I told him what I had observed of these men, upon which Mr. Gutteridge was quite struck, and directly said, he thought it to be a fact.
Cross-examined by Mr. Ally. Q. When you came down, after ordering the beer, Mr. Gutteridge was in the shop, and the other gentleman up stairs? - A. Yes.
Q. I believe it was after he had missed the money you told them what you had observed? - A. Yes.
Q. Why did not you mention it when you first came into the shop? - A. Because Mr. Gutteridge being master, I did not know but it might be somebody come to take a bill, and I had no suspicion.
Q. You know it appeared an extraordinary thing, that a man should clap his hand upon the money, and then put it down to his side? - A. I had no thought at all about it, I had no suspicion.


                  JOHN
                   COOKS
               



             sworn.
I am a constable: On the 10th of December last, I apprehended the prisoner at the bar, at the Dun-horse, in the Borough, on suspicion of the robbery in question, that is all I know of it.
Prisoner's defence. I have nothing to say but this, that, at the very time these people have swore to, I was at Mr. Cartwright's, a brandy-merchant in Blackfriar's-road, and I am sure your Lordship and the Gentlemen of this honourable Court will be convinced of it.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Gutteridge.) You live in this house where the robbery was committed? - A. Yes; I board with Mr. Morland, and pay him for my board.
Q. And sleep in the house? - A. Yes.
Q. In what proportion do you pay for board and lodging? - A. The same as I should pay any where else.
Q. You pay that out of the profit of the business? - A. Out of my own profit.
Q. And for that part of the house which the shop constitutes, you pay an equal share of the rent? - A. He pays the rent to the landlord.
Q. And you allow him a share of the rent for that part? - A. Yes.
(The prisoner called eight witnesses, who had known him from four to twenty-six years, and who all gave him a good character.)
Mr. Knowlys. My. Lord, it appears to me, that in this case, the agreement between the partners has completely given Mr. Gutteridge the right to enter, and have an equal joint possession of that part of the house in which the felony was committed; and therefore by that contract of Mr. Morland, with Mr. Gutteridge, has completely separated that from the main body of the dwelling-house.
Court.(To Gutteridge). Q. Mr. Morland pays rent and taxes for the whole house? - A. Yes.
Q. As to the shop, an estimate is made of the proportion of the shop? - A. Yes.
Q. And out of the profit of the business, your share of that is taken? - A. Yes.
Q. You mean an estimate of the proportion of the whole rent, that you among you agreed to ascribe to the shop; that is, suppose the house should be 60l. you take twenty pound for the shop; and the half of that is deducted from your share of the profits? - A. Yes.
Q. It was in this shop that this transaction passed? - A. Yes.
Q. Do you deduct it from the partnership concern? - A. It is paid out of the partnership account.
Jury. Q. Whether they charge the partnership stock with the whole of the rent? - A. No.
Jury. Q. When they have balanced their stock, and have ascertained the whole amount, separatefrom the shop, it is paid to the partner who holds the original lease? - A. It is so.
Court. Q. Whether it is taken out of the gross trade, or whether, after you have ascertained how much belongs to each, out of your share of the profits, so much is deducted for the rent; how did you last settle? - A. We have but lately gone into business.
Jury. Q. You would pay him for the part occupied by the business, though you might not have balanced your stock account, if he asked you for it? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. How much do you reckon your shop at? - A. Ten pounds.
Court. Q. How is that 10l. to be paid; is it to be taken out of the general fund of the trade, or taken out of your share of the profits? - A. Out of my share of the profits.
Q. Have you any servants in the shop? - A. Only the boy.
Q. Do you pay him wages? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. Is that taken out of the stock of the trade, before you begin dividing? - A. Yes.
Mr. Ally. Your Lordship sees he has free access to the house.
Court. As to that, he boards and lodges in the house.
Lord Chief Baron. There are a vast number of houses in this sort of way, and I think it would certainly be fit to be reconsidered.




               GUILTY, Of stealing one guinea
            , (Aged 56.)
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron THOMPSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


