






295. 
               
                  ANN 
                  PEARSON
               



             and 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  MATTHEWS
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of June
, one watch, with an inside and outside case, made of silver, value 40 s. one steel watch chain, value 3 d. one metal watch key, value 1 d. one guinea and half a crown in money, the property and money of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Blake
                        




                     
                  , privily from his person
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  JAMES
                   BLAKE
               



             sworn.
I am a Taylor
.
Are you a single man? - No.
On Sunday, the 12th of June, about eleven o'clock at night, I was rather in liquor, but I was sober enough to know what I was about. Going along Barbican three girls were standing together, and the middle one, 
               
                  Ann
                   Pearson
               



            , took me by the arm, and we walked till we came to the end of a court. I cannot say the other prisoner was one of the three. When we came to the end of the court, she persuaded me to go up the court with her; I think it is Fig-tree-court


; being rather in liquor, I gave way to her persuasions; I had not been there long before I found myself robbed of my watch and money.

Did you go into a room with her? - No, I did not, I only went into the court.
Was any other girl in the court? - Not in my company, my Lord.
What sort of watch was it? - It was a silver watch, with a steel chain, a metal key; I lost besides a guinea and a half crown; I did not perceive her take these things, I missed the things before I left her; my watch was in my fob, and the guinea and half crown in my pocket. I had a pair of nankeen breeches on.
Was these breeches down at all? - They were not.
When did you last see your watch? - I felt it in my pocket a quarter of an hour before I missed it.
Have you ever recovered it? - It is in the constable's possession.
When did you last see your money? - I felt it in my pocket in a quarter of an hour before I lost it.
Was that all the money you had? - No, it was not, I had a guinea and 2 s. besides, which I lost also, but this guinea and 2 s. when I came to the watch-house, I found was put into my coat pocket, by some means or other.
When you missed this money and watch, had you left the woman or the court? - Neither, I stopped her at the instant.
Was any other woman near her? - There was another woman came up the court, that she spoke to, but I did not know who it was.
Was she within her reach? - Yes, she was.
Was the prisoner at the bar the other woman? - I cannot say that.
Did you see her give any thing to the other woman? - I did not.
You did not feel the money go at any time? - I did not.
Was the money in a purse? - It was not.
Now we all know that at this time breeches are made pretty tight, could it be possible so any person to take your watch and money out of your pocket, and you not feel it? - So it was, I did not.
Then you was tolerably drunk? - I was the worse for liquor.
Prisoner Pearson. As you was so drunk, how can you know I was the woman? - I am quite sure of it, I was sober enough for that.


                  HUGH
                   ANDERSON
               



             sworn.
I am a watch-maker, on the 12th of July (I am constable of the ward) the prosecutor brings 
               
                  Ann
                   Pearson
               



             by the arm to the watch-house door, and said he had been robbed about eleven o'clock by that woman and two more in company; I searched her, and found there was no watch. When I got into Bridgewater-gardens I saw 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Matthews
               



             sitting.
What distance is between the two places? - About two hundred yards. As soon as she saw me and the watchman, she got up, and ran; she had got a young fellow with her that she lives with. I went after her, and putting my arms round her to stop her from going into a house where she was running to, I put my hand upon the watch; I had just before seen her with 
               
                  Ann
                   Pearson
               



             and another. I brought her to the watch-house, and the prosecutor owned the watch, and told the name and number: this might be a quarter of an hour after the man was robbed.
(The watch produced, and deposed to by the maker's name and number.)


                  EDMUND
                   HAMILTON
               



             sworn,
The watchman, confirmed the above account.
PRISONER PEARSON's DEFENCE.
The prosecutor was in liquor, and he asked me to give way to his wishes; I said no, not without money; and as I was a loose woman of the town he gave me the watch to keep, and after he had to say to me he wanted it again, and in that scuffle I dropped it.
Prosecutor. I did not give her the watch, I gave her money.

Anderson. I saw a guinea and a half in his pocket.
Prisoner Matthews. I found the watch, it was a moonlight night.


                  ANN
                   PEARSON
               



            , 
               
                  ELIZABETH
                   MATTHEWS
               



            ,



               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
