






8. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SKELTON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARTIN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 3d of November
, four pieces of bar iron, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH
                   NASH
               



             sworn.
I stopped the prisoners on Thursday, the 3d of November, in Petticoat-lane; Skelton had two pieces of bar iron, weighing 32 lb. and Martin two pieces, weighing 12 lb. Mr. Jones claimed the property I produce.


                  ROBERT
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I live in Swan-yard, Bishopsgate-street; I am a farrier. This iron is mine. This bar has been in my shop two years and a half; it is stouter than that which I usually use in my business. On the 19th of October, I was drinking a pot of beer with Mr. Parr, from whom I took the shop, and was observing, that I had not used all the iron he had left. Skelton asked Parr to give him something to drink, (I only swear to one bar) and said, he wished he had to work up that iron, as it was very unhandy; he said this because Parr refused him drink. This bar is cracked, which renders it remarkable; I know the bar; I am positive.


                  Joseph
                   Nash
               



            . I asked the prisoners where they got the iron? they said, they found it.


                  Thomas
                   Skelton
               



             called two witnesses, who gave him a good character.


                  John
                   Martin
               



             called one witness, who gave him a good character.
BOTH 

               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.





[Transportation. See summary.]


