





679. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BURLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, a globe glass lamp, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hudson
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   HUDSON
               



             sworn.
I am the daughter in law to 
               
                  Thomas
                   Hudson
               



            , he is a boot closer
. I was gone from my own home about a quarter of an hour, and on returning again I found the prisoner in the passage, and I asked her who she wanted? she said she had been up to one of our lodgers, I said we have no lodgers; I tried one arm and I could not see any thing under that, and I was trying the other and she ran back into a back yard, and went to put down this globe lamp, and I took it from her; it belongs to a religious society, and my father has the care of it; it was fixed there in a little round brass plate where the beam of it goes in, and it will take out with all the ease in the world; the lamp was there when I went out; it stands loose in a socket, it has no screw at all, there is nothing to fix it. 
               
                  Sarah
                   Price
               



             was with me, and see me take the lamp from her.


                  SARAH
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
Promiscuously I went home with Mrs. Hudson, and I saw Mrs. Hudson take the lamp from the prisoner.
Prisoner. I was coming along very much intoxicated, a woman was coming out of this house, and she asked me to stop with this lamp while she went backward, I stopped a great while, I thought she was gone to ease herself, with that these two women came to the door while I was standing there with the lamp, and that gentlewoman that stands there beat me and used me very ill; I said don't use me ill, if I have done any thing amiss there is justice to be done. I have no witness at all but God and myself.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
