





287. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CANE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, a silver table-spoon, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hack
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   HACK
               



             sworn.
I am a porkman
; I lost a silver tablespoon; I cannot be positive when I lost it: it was pawned with Mr. Watts the pawnbroker.
A WITNESS sworn.
I was servant at the time to Mr. Read of Fetter-lane: I produce a silver table-spoon pledged for six shillings on the 19th of September, marked I. H. M.; I do not remember its being pledged; it was pledged in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Batley
               



            , on the 19th of September, as appears by the duplicate.
(The spoon deposed to.)



                  JOHN
                   THOMPSON
               



             sworn.
I am a peace officer: on Saturday, the 16th of January, or thereabouts, I was sent for to Mr. Hack's; and the prisoner (who was his servant
) his box was brought down, and searched, and this pocket book (among other things) containing this duplicate in the name of 
               
                  Mary
                   Batley
               



            , pawned the 19th of September, at Mr. Read's in Fetter-lane; as soon as we found the pocket book, and this duplicate (among others) he then said he had taken the spoon, and that it was his master's; he fell on his knees, and asked for mercy; I told him to take notice I offered him no favour.
Court to Prosecutor. Was this man in your service then? - Yes; I said to him, how came you to have these duplicates of silver spoons in your possession? he cried, and downed on his knees, and said it was mine.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
It is the first time I ever was guilty of any thing of the kind: I hope you will take it into consideration.



               GUILTY
            .
Recommended to mercy by the Jury.
Court. I am very sorry, gentlemen, I cannot concur in your recommendation. First, he is a servant: a servant is bound to protect our property, and not pilfer it; and we are always strict with servants: but besides that, there is a second indictment against him; though that evidence was not proper to be given in this case: under these circumstances, therefore, I dare to say you do not wish to press that recommendation any farther.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
