






506. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NOTTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Lawrence
                        




                     
                  , the younger, about the hour of three in the night on the 23d of October
, and burglariously stealing therein, two wooden casks, value 4s. nine gallons of gin, value 4l. three gallons of oxmore, value 1l. 7s. twelve case bottle, value 3s. and twelve quarts of port wine, value 1l. 4s. his property
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Knowlys.)


                  THOMAS
                   LAWRENCE
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you keep the Crown and Anchor Inn, at staines




? - Yes.
Q. Was your house broke open at any time? - Yes, between the hours of one and five on the 22d. I was the last person up.
Q. Were your windows and doors secured on the 22d? - Yes, I went to bed about half after eleven.
Q. Were you the first person up in the morning? - No, the servant was up before me, and came and alarmed me a little after six.
Q. Was it day light at the time the alarm was given? - Yes. I found the cellar door open, the lock wrenched.
Q. Is that within side of the house? - Inside of the house.
Q. Could you at all perceive how they had had got into the house? - They had taken an iron bar out of the cellar window which opens into the stable yard, and by opening the cellar door which opens into a passage, which has the whole range of the house.
Q. How did you find that cellar door? - I found it wide open.
Q. Did you know of your own knowledge whether that cellar door had been fastened the over night? - I am confident of it, I double locked it myself. The lock of the door was not put back, it had been wrenched by forcing the staple; I also found the door open that want into the stable yard, there they had a proper conveyance for taking away the property.
Q. Had you fastened that door that goes into the stable yard at night? - It was fall then.
Q. When you examined your premises did you find any thing missing? - Yes, I lost a cag of gin, also a cag of compounds called oxmore.
Q. About how many gallons did they comain? - I cannot positively say; there was about three gallons lest of the oxmore.
Q. And how many gallons of gin? - Nine gallons.
Q. Did you lose any thing besides? - Yes, a great quantity of red wine in bottles, I cannot exactly say how much. I rather suspected one Clarke and got a search warrant to search his house in the afternoon of the 23d.
Q. Did you find any of your property at Clarke's? - Yes, a dozen of wine.
Q. In consequence of any thing that Clarke said, did you afterwards see the prisoner? - Yes. In consequence of what Clarke said they went to the prisoner's house, the King's Head.
Q. Did you go with them? - No.
Q. What is the prisoner? - He keeps a small public house at Staines.
Q. How far from your house - A quarter of a mile.
Q. Is it a house where they sell wine? - I don't know really, indeed.
Q. Were you present at any time with the prisoner at the bar, when he said any thing? - Yes, after the prisoner was confined by the constable, at the public house.
Q. At his own public house or another? - At another. The constable sent for me after they had taken him, to see if Icould find any of my property; nothing was found in the prisoner's house.
Q. Then you afterwards went where they had the prisoner in confinement? - Yes.
Q. Did you, or any body in your hearing make him any promise, or threaten him, to induce him to say any thing? - No.
Q. Then tell us what he said. - He said, if we would loose him and not keep him in confinement, he would pay me for my loss; afterwards he said that he had seven or eight bottles of my wine in his possession, which he would surrender up, and that he had sent a person for them to take them to my house.
Q. Is that all you know about this man? - The same day, but before I fetched the search warrant, I called at his house and had part of a pot of beer with him; after he was taken into confinement he said he was sorry that he had not told me more of the case, at the time I was drinking the beer with him, that he might be admitted a King's evidence.
Mr. Cullen. What time of the day was this? - In the evening, after his confinement.
Q. When did you get the search warrant? - On the afternoon of the 23d.
Q. Who lives in the house with you? - My wife's father.
Q. What is his name? - Spring.
Q. Is the house your's? - I went it.
Q. Are you alone answerable for the rent? - I am.
Q. It was day light when you got up, therefore you cannot say at what time they broke the house open? - No.


                  THOMAS
                   LAWRENCE
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are constable of Staines? - Chief constable.
Q. Did you go with any search warrant in consequence of any information that Mr. Lawrence's house had been broks open? Had you the prisoner at the bar in your custody? - Yes; I went to the house, and his wife denied him.
Q. At what time did you apprehend him? - Between eight and nine, the evening of the 23d. I took him to the Blue Anchor public house, and he declared to me that he would pay all the expences, that he would pay the landlord for the wine and liquor that was lost, and he would pay the constable and every one for their trouble; he would pay all expences, rather than be taken to gaol to be made an oration of.
Q. Did he say any thing else at any time? - He mentioned it several times to me. After his commitment to Shepperton, I asked him to give up the liquor, as the landlord was as young beginner.
Mr. Cullen. Be so good to tell us what past before he made this confession; perhaps you made some oration to him? - No.
Q. I suppose you did not tell him that he had got into a bad scrape, and had better do something to get out of it? - I had sufficient trouble to secure him.
Q. Perhaps you had sufficient trouble to get this confession? - No, quite the reverse.
Q. You are sure you did not tell him? it would be better for him? - I am certain I did not.
Q. Perhaps you told him it was but a flea bite, that he might confess every thing? - My answer to him was, that he had better hold his tongue, and say nothing, for Clarke had turned evidence.
Mr. Knowlys. Now tell us what you said to him and he to you about this wine? - After he came out from the bench and was committed, I said, Nott, you had better give up this wine to the landlord, for he was a young beginner, and could not well bear the loss; and hiswife told it was not in the place where he put it.


                  SAMUEL
                   CLARKE
               



             sworn.
Q. You are admitted an evidence on this occasion. Now tell us the exact truth; tell us every thing that past, who was concerned with you, and what you did; what time you did it, and all about it? - About one o'clock in the morning I was called up by one Wingrove, Friday morning; we went and broke the bar of 
               
                  Thomas
                   Lawrences
               



             window; Wingrove broke it, and we got into the cellar where his liquor was; they put me in, and Wingrove and Notts they stood outside, at the window, while I opened the door to let them In.
Q. What did you do after you got in? - I asked the liquor and took some away.
Q. What did you take away? - A cask of gin, and a cask of cordial, some red port, and I believe there was some white.
Q. What was the port in? - In bottles.
Q. About what hour was it you broke in? - Between one and two.
Q. How long did you stay in the house? - About half an hour.
Q. What became of the liquor and wine after you had got it? - Carried it down to Notts's house. We shared the wine.
Q. What became of the liquor? - We carried it over into the Heath, opposite the house, and buried it.
Q. Has it been found since? - Yes.
Q. Who got the liquor afterwards? - The landlord, Thomas Lawrence; I told him where to find it.
Q. Do you know how many bottles of wine you had apiece? - We shared it at Notts's house; I had twelve, the rest had eight apiece. I was taken up the same day, Friday evening.
Q. Did you discover this matter then? - Yes.
Q. To save yourself, I suppose? - I did not think much about saving myself.
Mr. Cullon. You are positive that Notts was with you when you broke open the house? - No, we went and called him up after.
Q. You and Wingrove broke the house? - Yes.
Q. Were was Notts? - At home.
Q. Then afterwards you went and called up Notts? - Yes. It was agreed upon the over night.
Q. If ever you did say that Notts was with you when you broke open the house, it was not true? - I never did say so.
Q. Perhaps you did not say so before the justice? - No.
Q. Then perhaps, if the justice has taken it down so, he took it down false? - I never said so.
Q. Then you never said Notts broke the bar with you, but that you and Wingrove broke the bar together, and then you wentand called up Notts. You desire to be believed by the truth of what you have now sworn? - Yes.
Q. Then how came you to tell my friend just now that Notts and Wingrove put you into the cellar? - So they did.
Q. When you gave information of the prisoner at the bar having been concerned in this, you did not know that it would do you any good? - No, I did not know any thing about it; all the gentlemen round persuaded me to tell. I did not know any thing about saving myself.
Q. You knew that you had been guilty of burglary? - Yes.
Q. Did not you know that you deserved to be hanged for that? - I did not know that.
Q. Perhaps then as you did not know that you deserved to be hanged for breaking open a house, you did not know that there was a reward? - No.

Q. Pray what is your business, Mr. Clarke? - A day labouring man.
Q. You never laboured in the night? - This night I did.
Q. How many nights before in that week? - None.
Q. How long have you been a day labourer? - Ever since I was bred up, and turned out to service twelve or fourteen years ago.
Q. Then what do you mean by a day labourer? - I work for my bread.
Q. What was you before? - Lived in service.
Q. Do you know a man of the name of Betster? - Yes.
Q. Do you know a man of the name of Drake? - Yes.
Q. Perhaps you gave information of something that they had done some time ago? - Yes. That was three sacks of malt; that was Betster and 
               
                  John
                   Notts
               



            .
Court. We cannot go into that.


                  SAMUEL
                   DALE
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you are a constable at Staines? - Yes, a petty constable, Mr. Lawrence called me up on Friday morning, and said, that his house had been broke open; he asked to go to the magistrate and get a search warrant, which I did; I got the search warrant and went to this Clarke's house, and found twelve bottles of red port, to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Did you afterwards see the prisoner at the bar? - Yes, I see him after he was taken up; he was in my custody a time.
Q. While he was in your custody did he say any thing? - He offered to give up eight bottles of wine, rather than have any more piece of work about it, or words to that purpose. I likewise had the two casks that are here, at the bench of justices they told me to give the landlord the liquor.
Q. Who put them into your custody? - The headborough, I believe; and I put a dark lanthorn into my pocket, which I was told belonged to John Nott.
Q. Were the casks empty at the time they were produced? - No, I had them full some time, under lock and key, at my house.


                  PHILIP
                   BRIDGER
               



             sworn.
I am headborough; I was informed, by Samuel Clarke, that the casks were bid on the Heath.
Q. Did you find them according to his information? - Yes.
Q. Had they liquor in them at that time? - Yes, they had. We carried them to the magistrate, and the liquor was returned to the landlord, Mr. Lawrence, and the casks were brought here.
Q. Did you go to Notts's house? - Yes, I went and searched the house on Friday; I found a dark lanthorn.
Q. Did you give that lanthorn to Dale? - Yes; I found it in his garden, adjoining to his dwelling house, covered over with some dirt.
Prisoner. I am innocent of the affair; I said, before I would go to prison, I would sooner pay the value of the things that the man lost.
The prisoner called one witness who gave him a good character.
GUILTY,




               Of stealing to the value of 39s. but not of the burglary
            . (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
