






16. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WATSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Moore
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night, on the eighth of November
 last, and stealing one iron stove grate, value 3 s.
             his property.


                  JAMES
                   MOORE
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 1. Lumber street, commonly called Lumber court, in St. Giles's Parish


; I am a broker
: on the eighth of November, between six and seven, my back garret was broke open; I left it locked, about six; I went there again a little after seven, in the mean time the prisoner brought a stove to me, to my other house, No. 9, Great Earl-Street, Seven Dials, which I kept at that time; he offered it to me for sale; I directly said, my good man, this stove is mine; no; says he; that cannot he; says I, it is; he directly said, he brought it out of Newtoner's Lane; I did not so recollect as to identify it, when he took it away; I followed him, and went to my house in Lumber Street, and found my garret door broke open; the next day I found my stove at an old iron shop, Mr. Fisher's, in Crown Court; I gave my porter a description of the prisoner, and in half an hour he brought him to me, the stove was loose in the chimney; I am sure to the prisoner, and that the stove is mine.


                  JOHN
                   TAYLOR
               



             sworn.
I took the prisoner. The lock appeared to be violently forced.
Court to prosecutor. Who was in your house? - A man who keeps the shop and parlour, and pays half a crown a week, and another man in the front garret, and a gentleman that has lodged twenty years in the two pair of stairs front room.


                  PETER
                   FISHER
               



             sworn.
I was dealing for some shoes, a little man came in with his hand openly, and said will you buy this grate? I cannot positively say, whether it was the prisoner or not, but he was in different cloathing to what he was the next day; he brought it in the evening; I do not perfectly know the day; I took no notice of the time; I am clear it was not half past six, if it was six; I told him it was only fit for old iron, he said it was his, and he was obliged to make a fire without it: was found in the front of my shop, the porter said how long have you bought this grate, says I, how long have you lost it? says he, a fortnight; then says I, it cannot be this, because I bought it last night; then says he, by God, it is the very thing I want.
What do you deal in? - Old iron and cloaths, and second hand things; I suppose if I had said the grate had been stolen for a month the man would have owned it.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My sister lodges at No. 1 Lumber Street, she was brought to bed two days before, she sent to me, and the next day Mr. Moore's porter saw me, and spoke to me, and took me to Mr. Moore's shop, in Earl Street: Mr. Moore said I was like the man that stole the grate; I was taken before the Justice and discharged: two hours after I met the porter, and he took me to Mr. Fisher's shop, both Mr. and Mrs. Fisher said I was not the person, but Mr. Moore took me to Bow Street, and swore to me, and Fisher swore he did not know me.




               GUILTY, not of the burglary
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice BULLER.
