





210. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NOWLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, one box, value 6 d. six dried biscuits, value 6 d. and half a pound of dried sweet-meats, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rowed
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   ROWED
               



             sworn.
I am a confectioner
 in Great Russell-street, Covent-garden; I lost the box on Friday; I sent it by my boy to the Green-dragon in Bishopsgate-street; I did not see him come back till four o'clock in the afternoon.


                  RICHARD
                   ROWED
               



             sworn.
On Friday, my father sent me out with a box of biscuits and sweet-meats: I was going with them to Bishopsgate-street; I met with the prisoner at the Bank; I asked him which was the way to the Green-dragon? he said he was going that way; he took me down a yard, and said, this is the Bull-inn; and he said, turn on your right hand, and that will take you through to the Green-dragon; he said there would be a porter come up the yard, and take the box, and two-pence for booking; then the prisoner took the box from me; then he walked down the yard; then he began to run, and I ran after him; I never lost sight of him; he dropped the box; I did not stop him; I do not know who stopped him; a man stopped him, and gave him to the constable, and he was taken to the Compter; I picked up the box, and went to the Compter after them, and gave the box to Jones, the constable. When the prisoner spoke to me, he had a great coat on; and when he took it from me, he was in another dress, and I did not know him again directly; I was afraid of my father, if I did not recover the box.
- JONES sworn.
I am a constable; on Friday, the 8th, I was called to by the boy, who said he met a man as he was going to the Green-dragon-yard, who took him down another yard, and said this is the Bull; on this charge I took him into custody; I havehad the box in my custody; I have never opened it, nor do I know what was in it.
(The box produced and deposed to.)
- HAND sworn.
I keep a warehouse in Wormwood-street; I saw a young man and this boy coming out of Bishopsgate-street; I cannot swear it was the prisoner; I saw some halfpence pass; I cannot say who gave them; but as soon as the halfpence were pocketed, the boy delivered the box to the man; I said to the boy, my little boy, what have you been doing with the man; I am afraid he has swindled you out of the box? says he, he is going to the Green-dragon; says I, he is not going that way, call out stop thief! and the boy and me both called; but the prisoner was not taken in my presence: I think the man had not a great coat on, but I am not positive.
Prisoner. I leave it to my counsel.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
