





106. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
, a wooden tub, value 6d. and a hundred pounds weight of salted pork, value 1l. 10s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Amy 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  JOSEPH
                   TALBOT
               



             sworn.
I am a carman to the widow, Amy Clarke, she lives in Great Bandy-leg walk, she keeps carr carts
; some pork and tub was stolen from her last night between seven and eight, I was loading in Thames-street, and I was going to take it into the Borough, eight casks of pork, I was going to take them into Maiden-lane, going over the Bridge I missed them, they were all wooden tubs.


                  Q. 
               


            Tell me how you missed the property going over the Bridge? - There were four young fellows came several times about the cart, and two of them desired me to get off the pavement, and shoved me, this present young man, that is the prisoner, he made two or three attempts at the cask, I see him put his hand twice on a tub, and he took it away, when he took it away I pursued after him immediately, I saw him take it out of the cart; he took one cask, I immediately pursued after him, and took him by the collar, with the cask.
Q. How did he hold the cask? - Between his arms and his breast.
Q. What did you do with the tub? - I left the tub, and took him across to the watch-house, I found it immediately, a man took care of it, and rolled it down to the watch-house.
Q. Who did you deliver the cask to? - To the constable of the night, the constable that I called for assistance brings it here.
Q. How do you know it was pork that the tub contained? has it been opened? - The proprietor is here.
Prisoner. The man never touched me till such times as he knocked me down,he knocked me down once, or twice, with the butt end of his whip? - I did not strike him till he struck me; because I would not let him have his liberty, he struck me and I was ill used by the rest.
Court. What were the other men? did they try to assist him to get away? - They did.
Prisoner. Ask him whether he ever saw me touch the tub or was nigh them? - I saw him take the tub, and took the tub from him.


                  THOMAS
                   MERRYMAN
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you see this tub in the possession of the prisoner? - I saw Joseph Talbot running across to the watch-house, I asked him what was the matter? he told me his cart had been robbed, I went over to the watch-house and the prisoner was there and the tub, I immediately secured him, and I came over to the counter and locked up the tub, I was not the man that carried the tub to the watch-house, it was rolled into the watch-house.


                  THOMAS
                   SPENCER FIELD
               



             sworn.
I am foreman to James 
               
                  Gabriel
                   Stewart
               



             in Thames-street; I saw these eight tubs loaded into the cart last night about seven o'clock, it was Amy Clarke's cart.


                  Q. 
               


            Is Mrs. 
               
                  Amy
                   Clarke
               



             responsible for these things? - Undoubtedly, when they are in her care.
Q. Do you know whether there was any one tub missing? - There was one stole out of the cart the carman informed me, and one is gone entirely.
Court to Talbot. Did you miss two at that present time? - While I was taking care of the prisoner, the rest drove the cart away, and I lost one then entirely.
Court to Field. What were in these tubs? - Salted pork, they had all salted pork in them.
Q. Was there any marks on the tubs? - Yes, S. T. I am positive that is one of the tubs that were in the cart.
Prisoner. I was recommended to do a job in Westminster, I am a chair and cabinet maker, one of my shopmates told me he could tell me of a job in the Borough, I met some of my old shop-mates and we went and had three or four pots of beer, when I came over the middle of London Bridge, I heard the carman crying out thieves! thieves! thieves! I saw nobody, he runs and catches hold of me by the shoulders and beats me on the head with the whip, I asked him what he did with me? he never said any thing till such times as the watchman came up, then he sent me to the watch-house, I never saw the cart nor tub till it was brought into the watch-house; by my running across the way he catched hold of me by the coat; there is a good many in court that knows me, that I am a very hard working man.
Merryman. I have had the care of the tub ever since; this is the tub that I took from the watch-house.
Prisoner. It is impossible for me to lift this out of a cart, I am not such a strong man as to lift that tub up. I have not got a friend in court nor nearer than Birmingham. My Lord and gentlemen of the jury, I beg for a little mercy, I am innocent of the offence.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
