






130. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of January
, a watch, called a time-piece, value 20s. and a marble stand, for a time-piece, value 18s.
             the property of 
               
                  Caesar 
                  Underwood
               




            .
CAESAR UNDERWOOD sworn.
I am a watch and clock-maker
, No. 3. Panton-street, Hay-market


: On Tuesday the 12th of January, about a quarter before eight, in the morning, my servant alarmed me; I ran out to the street door, and finding a mob assembled, being without my cloaths, I returned to dress; I observed several persons enter the passage with a man, and my boy with a time-piece, which I knew to be mine; I had seen it in the shop the night before; it stood on a mahogany shelf, on the left hand side of the shop window; it was fixed upon a marble stand; they were both brought in shattered to pieces; I sent for a constable, and took the prisoner into custody.


                  JOHN
                   WYBURN
               



             sworn.
I am fifteen years of age.
Court. Q. Do you know the nature of an oath; will any good or ill happen to you if you break that oath. - A. Ill.
Q. You know you have been calling God to witness to the truth of what you say. - A. Yes. I live with Mr. Underwood; I opened the shop door about twenty minutes before eight, or thereabouts; I went to take a bar down, and a man came to me with a letter directed to Mrs. Snowball, who lives in the house; I took in the bar, and came out to fetch the other bar, and the same person came to me again, and gave me strict orders to give it to Mrs. Snowball; I staid in the shop with the letter in my hand, I did not carry it in; and Mr. Wakeman's porter came out, and cried stop thief.
Q. Did you see any body come into the shop, or go out? - A. No; the porter cried stop thief; and I turned my head round, and saw the prisoner with something under his arm.
Q. Was that he that brought you the letter? - A. No.
Q. How far might you be from the shop door when you was taking down the bar? - A. The further end of the shop; there were seven shutters, and I was at the furthermost of them.
Q. He spoke to you twice about the letter? - A. Yes; he went half-way up the street, and came back again; I went after the man and saw him drop the time-piece from his arm; and I took it up, and brought it home in this shawl, which I found it wrapped up in.
Q. The shawl was not in your shop? - A. No. he was brought back in about five minutes after, and taken to St. Martin's watch-house.
Q. Did he say any thing when he was brought in? - A. Yes; he said he knew nothing at all about it.
Q. Are you sure that is the man you saw the time-piece drop from? - A. Yes; I am sure of it.
Look at him again. - A. I am sure of it; I could not tell rightly from his face, but I saw his coat.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. The prisoner is not the person who enquired about the letter? - A. No.
Q. Of the prisoner you had an opportunity of observing only his back, and his cloaths? - A. Yes.
Q. You did not see his face? - A. No.
Court. Q. Did you see him caught? - A. No.


                  JAMES
                   ADAMS
               



             sworn.
I am porter to Messrs. Wakeman and Gerrard, silversmiths, opposite Mr. Underwood's; I had seen, for some time, suspicious persons about the windows; on Tuesday morning, I observed the prisoner at the bar, in company with another, coming down Panton-street, towards me, I was then opening shop; I was taking down the second shutter when they went past; the other man cast his eye upon me.
Q. Not the prisoner? - A. No; I did not observe the prisoner's face till he was past; I carried in my shutters, and told my fellow servant that the man we had often observed, was just gone through Panton-street again, with another man in a blue coat, and black hair; my fellow-servant went into the kitchen, and I went about my work, to sprinkle the shop; and I then observed the other man that I had often observed talking to the boy, who had the bar in his hand, he delivered a letter to the boy; I turned my head round a little, and saw a man in a blue coat stand close against the shop-door.
Q. The same man you had seen pass with this suspicious person? - A. By his cloaths it was the same; the shop is detached from the passage-door by a partition.
Q. You did not see him go in? - A. Not into the passage, I saw him go into the shop, the boy was outside, I believe; the other man came once or twice, while the man was in the shop, to talk to the boy; once I am certain.
Q. That is, once besides the first time? - A. Yes; I immediately ran down into the kitchen, and told my fellow-servant to come up, telling him that one man had detained the boy with a letter, while the other was gone in; they both stood by the door; and presently a man, whose face I saw when he came out of the shop, was the prisoner, I am sure of it; he came out with something under his arm; I ran out of the shop, and when I had go half over the road, I called stop thief; the prisoner then ran, and dropped the parcel he had under his arm; Ipursued him, and called stop thief; I was some yards behind him, and I saw another man pursue him closely, it was Mr. Falwasse's man; he turned up Jaems-street, and I saw him then running; a short time after, he was stopped by Mr. Falwasse's man; when I came up to him, he said he had done nothing, he was an apprentice, and was going to his work, he was very willing to go back; he came back with me and the other man; I told Mr. Underwood that was the man; that is all I know.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knapp. Q. He went back very willingly with you? - A. Yes.
Q. He said he was an apprentice, and was going to his work? - A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM
                   IVE
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I was sent for to Mr. Underwood's, and when I came there, Mr. Underwood, and the rest of the people, with the prisoner, were going to the watch-house; I searched him in the watch-house and found this letter, a gold ring, a watch, a duplicate and a knife, the letter is directed to Mrs. Snowball, No. 3 Panton-street, I found it in the necessary at the watch-house; Mr. Underwood has another letter, which was delivered to the boy, exactly like it.(The time-piece and stand were produced in Court.)


                  Q. 
               


            (To Underwood.) Are you able to swear that is your property? - A. Yes; I missed it immediately when I came into the shop.
Q. What may be the value of it as it stood originally? - A. I should have sold it for eight guineas.(The prisoner left his defence to his counsel, who called six witnesses, who all gave him a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before The LORD CHIEF BARON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


