





158. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     METCALFE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 24th day of February
 last, five silver caster tops, value 5 s. five silver table-spoons, value 3 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Tovey
                        



                     
                  ; and two silver tea-spoons, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Bolton
                        



                     
                  ; in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        William
                         Tovey
                     



.


                  WILLIAM
                   TOVEY
               



             sworn.
On Friday, the 24th of February last, I was sitting at tea, about five o'clock, and had occasion to go into the yard; I saw the prisoner coming out of the parlour; I said, What do you do here? He said he wanted Mr. Jones, the watchmaker; I said, you are a thief, and I took him by the collar, and put him into the parlour; I searched him, and something fell from him; he knelt down and asked pardon, and said, that is all I got; I saw a silk and cotton handkerchief of my wife's.


                  ANN
                   BOLTON
               



             sworn.
I saw the prisoner coming out of the parlour; he dropped the caster tops into a basket; I saw him feeling about the pockets of his coat, and he dropped a handkerchief; I picked it up, and he dropped on his knees.
(Another witness corroborated this account.)


                  JOSEPH
                   BANKS
               



             sworn.
I was at work at Mr. Tovey's; I was called down stairs: he was on his knees, and I fetched a constable; he said that was all he had got.


                  JOHN
                   GOOCH
               



             sworn.
I went into the parlour for some teaspoons just before the alarm, not five minutes before the alarm; the things were all safe.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 5 s. only
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Lord KENYON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


