





253. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     AMBURY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 21st of April
, one wicker bread-basket, value 6 d. six quartern loaves, value 3 s. 7 1/2 d. one three-penny loaf, and one penny brick
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Lucy 
                     Davis
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  GEORGE
                   THOMAS CURL
               



             sworn.
I live with my aunt, I left all the things in the indictment at the corner of Norris-street, Hay market


, on the 21st of April, on Thursday, about a quarter past eleven o'clock; I recovered them in about an hour after, in Great Earl-street, the prisoner had hold of the basket; I asked who it belonged to; and the prisoner said to him; it was standing in the street; I told him it belonged to me, I lost it in such a place; he said it belonged to his master, Mr. Paine, Piccadilly, he wanted me to go to Mr. Paine's with him; he took up the basket, I laid hold of it, and said he should not go till I got a constable; I sent for one, but could not get one. He again took up the basket, and I went to lay hold of it, and he knocked me down, I fell against the other witness's knees, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Roberts
               



            , who came up, and we secured him I took the bread and the basket to the Justice's with the prisoner,and they said, I might keep the basket, the bread would be of no use.
(The basket produced and deposed to by knowing it by sight a year and a half, ever since he lived with his aunt.)
Court. Does any body else carry bread, besides yourself, in this basket? - Yes, the man servant does.
Was there the same quantity of bread in it when you found the basket as when you lost it? - All, except a penny brick; 
I am sure it was the same bread and basket.


                  THOMAS
                   ROBERTS
               



             sworn.
About a quarter after twelve I was coming from Great Earl-street, and I saw the prisoner at the bar and this boy having a scuffle about this basket of bread; I said nothing at all, nor interfered till the prisoner knocked the boy down; he gave him a blow on his forehead, and I catched him as he was falling; then he asked him if he would give him his basket, and go away quietly; I advised him so to do, but he would not; he said he lived with Mr. Paine, and he would take me along with him, if I would go with him; afterwards he made some objection, and said he would go to Litchfield-street; I took him there, the magistrate told the lad to take the basket home, and put a mark upon it, that he might know it again.
Court to Curl. Did you mark the basket? - The officer that went home with me put six notches on it, just by the handle.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going along, and out of place, and I met a baker, and asked him, if he could inform me where I could get work; he said he would, if I would go along with him; we went into a public-house, and had some beer and gin, and coming along afterwards, he asked me to carry his basket for him.
The prisoner called one witness to his character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
