





321. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     SHERIDAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, one wooden cask, value 6 d. and twenty-six pounds of anchovies, value 5 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William Walter 
                     Veney
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES
                   CHAWNEY
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  William
                   Walter Veney
               



            , who keeps warehouses at the water side
; on the 9th of August I lost a cask of anchovies; I met the prisoner coming with it up Galley-quay


, in the gateway, near two o'clock; he had something tied up in a wrapper; he said he was going to No. 7, Beer-lane; he was stopped on an alarm, and he had a barrel of anchovies, I found a barrel was missing from the warehouse, and that a partition was broke out, and fourwere gone; I reckoned them in January, not since; none had been sold; I had no suspicion that any were stolen.
- JOHNSON sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner; I saw Mr. 
               
                  Sheridan
               


             the prisoner come with something on his shoulder; I stopped him, he said, damn and blast it, I am going to carry it to No. 7, Beer-lane; I do not know where he came from, I saw him come from the quays, the warehouse is near the quays.


                  HENRY
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn.
I am a porter, I saw the prisoner in the galley-quay, it was near two o'clock, the door opened into the half story, he was looking out at the door.
Prisoner. I often work in the warehouse among the sugars.


                  WILLIAM
                   WELLS
               



             sworn.
I am quay constable; on the 9th of August I took the prisoner with a cask on his shoulder, and took him to the Compter.
(Deposed to.)


                  WILLIAM
                   WALTER VINEY
               



             sworn.
I am proprietor of those warehouses, I verily believe this cask came out of my warehouse, by the mark upon it, it corresponds with ninety-six that are there; there were an hundred, I lost four, none were sold.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I worked as a labouring man
 on the quays, those gentleman know me, I had been drinking all that morning, I was very much in liquor; a man offered me sixpence to take it to Seething lane, that was 
               
                  Bill
                   Hay
               



            , and I pitched it on the steps of the half story.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
