






139. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GOOD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     VANDERSALL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Chadwick
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Thornicraft
                        



                     
                  , about the hour of six in the night, of the 1st of January, and burglariously stealing therein, twenty-seven fruit knives, with silver blades and pearl handle, value 6l. three fruit forks with pearl handles and silver prongs, value 15s. three silver funnels, value 2l. a base metal wax winder, plated with silver, value 10s. three silver handles for knives, value 1l. a pair of base metal snuffers, plated with silver, value 9s. a fish slice, value 2l. two base metal scewers, plated with silver, value 2l.
             the goods of John Chadwick and Joseph Thornicraft.


                  JOSEPH
                   THORNICRAFT
               



             sworn.
I am a silversmith

, I have a partner, 
               
                  John
                   Chadwick
               



            .
Q. You both live in the house? - Yes.
Q. The house is a joint concern? - Yes.
Q. Was your house broke open at any time? - Yes, on the 1st of January, in the evening.



                  Q. 
               


            Were you in the shop? - I was not.


                  Q. 
               


            Where is your house situated? - In Cornhill


, the corner of Birchin-lane, in the parish of St. Michael's. In the evening after candles was alight; we have a wire which is a safeguard to the window. This I understand from a witness, who is my man, who first discovered that wire taken down, a pane of glass forced, and out of the windows were stole several articles.
Q. When did you first discover that? - From the information of my servant.
Q. That servant is here, I suppose? - He is.
Q. Did you observe that the wire was gone? - I did not before I was informed of it, I observed the articles stole out of the window; I did not take any notice of this for some time, till about a week after I see an advertisment in the paper, that such articles were discovered, and if we would apply to the public office, Worship-street, we should hear of them; I went, and the second time I applied, some of the property was produced at the office.


                  WILLIAM
                   GERARD
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Thornicraft, a shopman; about the time I was putting up the shutters in Birchin-lane the glass was broke, to the best of my knowledge in Cornhill.
Q. Was it dark or not at that time? - It was dark.
Q. Had you candles alight? - Yes. When I came to put the shutters up, and take the wire down, in Cornhill, the first wire was up and the other two were fell down; the one was found under the window, and the other laid over the pavement; there are three wires, and one holds the two others up.
Q. How are they fixed up? - There are short pins at the bottom of the wires, that go into the holes where the shutters go.
Q. Had you seen them up in the course of the day? - Yes, to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Am I to collect from you that any thing had been done to these wires? - No, no more thatn they had been listed out of their places.
Q. What past after this? - A gentleman called out, and told me the wire was down, I went out and see they were down, and as I went to take the wire down next the glover's, I saw the pane of glass broke, and all the things gone.
Q. How much was it broke? - Big enough for a man's arm to go in. Then I saw the tray that held the knives was drawn close to the pane of glass; which before stood two panes off, or very near, and the things in the tray were gone.
Q. When had you seen that tray last? - I had seen the tray in the course of the day.
Q. Can you tell what was in that tray? - I know it was full of these silver bladed knives, but I cannot say how many.
Q. Were they fruit knives, with silver blades and pearl handles? - Yes.
Q. Was there any thing else that you recollect in the tray? - Not in that tray.
Q. Do you know of any thing else that was missing, besides these knives in the tray? - No, I cannot say that I do.
Q. Was you the first person that discovered the window broke? - Yes.
Q. Did you give notice of it? - Yes, I gave notice to my master directly.
Q. Have you ever seen any of your masters property since? - No, I have not.
Q. Can you swear to any of it? - No, I cannot.
Q. Are you shopman now? - Yes.
Q. Are you still in the service? - Yes.

Q. Do you recollect seeing any thing of either of the prisoners at the time? - No, I do not recollect seeing any thing of them.
Q. Did you see any people at all about the window that you had any suspicion of? - No, I did not.


                  JOHN
                   ARMSTRONG
               



             sworn.
I am constable of the police office, Shoreditch; I apprehended the prisoners, in company with Harper and Blackiter, on Friday, the 7th of January; we searched them, and nothing of this robbery was found on them.


                  Q. 
               


            Where did you apprehend them? - At the Black Swan, Public house, Wentworth-street, near Petticoat-lane.
Q. Did you apprehend them together? - Yes; they went before the magistrate, and was committed, on Monday, the 12th; I received these goods of Esther and Rebecca Seekey, a wax taper light, a pair of snuffers, two silver handles for knives, &c. I received all of 
               
                  Rebecca
                   Seekey
               



             but one knife.


                  REBECCA
                   SEEKEY
               



             sworn.
I live in Woolpack-alley, Houndsditch.
Q. Look at the things produced by Armstrong, and tell me whether you gave them to Armstrong? - Yes.
Q. How came you to give them to Armstrong? - New Year's Day at night, these two young men came to my house; I think they are the two young men.


                  Q. 
               


            Had you ever seen them before, either of them? - I never see them, I believe they are the same.
Q. Did they come together? - Yes, there were two together.
Q. What time was it? - Between six and seven o'clock at night; they brought fifteen fruit knives, twelve silver bladed, with pearl handles, and three were gilt blades, a silver funnel and a plated funnel, a silver fish slice, two silver skewers, three wine ladles, four plated skewers.
Q. Had you any fruit forks? - None.
Q. Three silver handles for knives, had you them? - Yes.
Q. A base metal wax winder, plated with silver? - There it is.
Q. A pair of base metal snuffers, plated with silver, is that there? - Yes, it is.
Q. Now all the things that you have been speaking to, you gave to the officer? - Yes, I brought them up to the justice's voluntarily.
Q. Did you buy them, or lend money on them? - I bought them, I gave four guineas for them.
Q. You purchased of these boys, and never see them before? - Never see them before.
Q. How came you to deliver them to the officer? Was you taken up by the officer? - No, I was not taken up; Mr. Armstrong came to tell me that there was a piece of work about this property; he said, the justice wanted me, and I told him I would come up.
Q. Do you mean to swear to the prisoners, to your belief, or to your positive knowledge? - I have spoke truth as far as I can to my belief.


                  ESTHER
                   SEEKEY
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you the daughter of Rebecca Seekey? - Yes.
Q. How old are you? - Fifteen.
Q. See if there is a knife that you know there? - Yes, this is it, I gave it to Armstrong.
Q. Is it one with a pearl handle? - Yes, it is.

Q. I suppose all the things were given to Armstrong the same day? - Yes, they were.
Q. Do you know the day? - I cannot rightly recollect the day.


                  Q. 
               


            Where did you get the knife you gave to Armstrong? - Two young men came to our house.
Q. Look at them, are those the young men? - Yes.
Q. Had you seen them before? - Only once or twice before at a dance.
Q. Had you spoke to them before? - No, not till they came to our house.
Q. Do you believe them to be the same? - I believe they are the same.
Q. Can you swear positively they are the same? - Yes.
Q. There is a knife that you delivered to Armstrong, did you get that knife from them? - Yes.
Q. Was that knife brought to you the same time the things were sold to your mother? - Yes, I came in just then to see my mother.
Q. What did your mother give for them, do you remember? - Four guineas.
Q. How came you to produce that knife? How came you by that knife? - Because I had it given to me, and I kept it for myself; the young man, James Good, gave it me at the time he sold these things to my mother, he gave it me when I went to light him down the stairs.


                  Q. 
               


            You believe they are all the same things as your mother bought? - Yes, I believe they are.
Q. Which was found first, this knife or the other things? - The other things.
Q. What led to the discovery of your having this knife? - After I was taken I told of having a knife given me.
Armstrong. The morning that these two young men were first at the office, I observed two girls sitting near them, and I thought it was proper to take charge of them too, this girl was one of the two.
Q. Was the mother taken up? - No, she was not, she was sent for down to the magistrate's.
Jury to 
               
                  Esther
                   Seekey
               



            . Where do you live? - I am servant to 
               
                  David
                   Mendez
               



            ; I am his cousin.
Q. You don't live with your mother? - No.
RACHEL DONAUGHTY sworn.
I was at a settled company, a dance, in Harrow-alley, Petticoat-lane, sometime before Christmas, or the night after, I don't know which; a young man in sailor's dress came in and asked me if I would accept of a fruit knife, and I said yes. (A knife produced by Armstrong.) This is the knife, I gave it to Mrs. Martin, and she carried it to the office.
Q. Was you taken up? - I was taken up five times before the justice.
Q. For what purpose did you give Mrs. 
               
                  Martin
               


             that knife? - I gave the knife to her to save for me, and while I was out of the way she delivered it up to the justice, and when I was in the way I went and owned the knife.
Q. Who did you receive it of? - I cannot tell whom I received it of; I received it of a young man, I never saw him before in my life.
Q. You cannot ascertain whom you received it of? - I cannot.
Q. Was it at this dance? - Yes, it was.


                  JOHN
                   RAY
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Worship-street. I come to prove what I heard the prisoners say to each other, they were in the lock-up-houses, one in each; there are two lock-up-houses.
Q. When was it? - Saturday the 3d of January; I heard Good say to Vandersall, it them two jewelles were stopped they were afraid they would tell the truth; Vandersall said, I have given her a pin to put in her handkerchief. I had seen the two prisoners talking to the two jewesses, the two witnesses, and I immediately communicated what I had heard to the magistrate, and the magistrate sent for the girls through that.
Prosecutor. There is only one article I can identify, I believe the whole to be my property, missing at the same time, but only one article has got the private mark.


                  Q. 
               


            Did you miss articles of that description? - Yes, I knew of the articles that were in the window, I firmly believe the whole to be my property, but this wine funnel has got the private mark.
Q. Can you say whether that was in the window at the time? - Yes, I believe it was.
Q. Had you pot sold such things with this mark on it? - Not lately.
Q. What may be the value of it? - Ten shillings.
Q. What may be the general value of all the things that are there that you believe to be your's? What may be the value of the things now produced? - About two guineas; but the woman has sold as many articles as fetched her five pounds fifteen shillings and sixpence.
Prisoner Good. When I was taken Mr. Armstrong asked me if I had got any money? I said, a guinea; and he said if I would give him two guineas he would let me go, and because I would not give two guineas he took me to prison and said he would try to get forty pounds by me.
Prisoner Vanderfall. I bought a watch at this woman's house. and Mr. Armstrong came into a public house where I was having a pint of beer, and when he searched me he found the duplicates of a watch and ring, and I told him where they were in pawn, and he could find no owner to the watch, and he took me to the office; I don't know nothing of this affair what he took me for now.
Court to Armstrong. Did you ask them for two guineas? - No, never in my life to them nor any other man.


                  James
                   Good
               



            , GUILTY. (Aged 15.)
John Vanderfall, GUILTY. (Aged 17.)
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. but not of the burglary
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
