






17. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     JANE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 2d of November
, sixty-six yards of black lace, value 14l. the property of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Green
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .(The case was opened by Mr. Gurney.)


                  DAVID
                   WATSON
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. I am shopman to Mr. Richard Green, milliner and haberdasher
, in Marybone-street


: On Saturday, the 2d of November, between five and six in the evening, the two prisoners came in together, they appeared to me to be in company, Smith desired me to shew her some white lace, she purchased three yards at five shillings a yard; after she had purchased that, I shewed her some more white lace; she said, this is pretty, we will have it; I then put them away, and Elizabeth Smith desired me to shew her some black lace; she had three yards of it cut; there might be thirty cards of it when I shewed it her.
Q. Did you shew this white lace and black lace to both of them? - A. I shewed the white lace to both, and the black to 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Smith
               



            .
Q. Did they seem to be acquainted at all? - A. Yes; they consulted together upon the patterns of all the laces that were purchased; Jane said to me that she recommended Mrs. Smith, and desired I would use her well.
Q. After these three pieces of lace had been purchased, who paid for them? - A.Elizabeth Smith. I observed 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Jane
               



             very busy; I suspected she was taking that that she had no right to do; I said nothing to Elizabeth Jane till I had received the money from Elizabeth Smith; then I asked pardon of 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   Jane
               



            , and begged her to walk into the back room to satisfy me whether she had not got something that was not her own; she immediately put her hand into a small straw basket that she had in her hand, took out the card of lace, threw it down upon the floor, and I picked it upimmediately; she was not then in the room; I desired her to walk into the back room, that I might satisfy myself whether she had not something farther; she went into the back room; I was then desired by the mistress of the shop to send for a constable; I then charged her with having stolen some lace before, and she offered to pay for that, and likewise for the one she threw on the floor; the constable came, and took here into custody; Smith said, she hoped she would not detain her, as she was not the person who stole the lace.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. (Counsel for Smith.)
Q. Mrs. Smith bought three yards of white, and three of black lace? - A. Yes; and she paid likewise for a remnant that was purchased between the two; she paid two pounds, two shillings, and sixpence, altogether.
Q. What do you mean by purchasing it between them? - A. Mrs. Jane said she would have it, and Mrs. Smith paid for it.
Q. What was it she did say? - A. She said she would have it; they were both looking at it.
Q. They were looking over a great quantity of lace? - A. Yes; when a person asks for lace, we always shew them a great deal.
Q. Did not Mrs. Smith agree with you about the price of it? - A. She paid for it, but Mrs. Jane agreed for the price; I said nine shillings and sixpence, and Jane said she would give it, and the others did not object to it.
Q. Did you ask Mrs. Jane for the money? - A. I did not.
Q. After Mrs. Smith had paid you, you turned your attention to the other? - A. Yes.
Q. But you saw Mrs. Smith do nothing but bargain for the lace, and pay for the lace? - A. No.
Q. Did you ever see Mrs. Smith at your shop before? - A. Not that I know of.
Q. Have you not told half a dozen people that you never saw her in your shop before? - A. I do not know that I have ever been asked the question.
Q. There are many friends of your master and mistress who have heard you? - A. I never did say that.
Q. Will you swear you never said so? - A. Yes, I will.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. (Counsel for Jane.)
Q. Saturday night is a busy night? - A. Yes, we are in general.
Q. How many fellow shopmen have you? - A. Men and boys, there were nine.
Q. They are not all here? - A. No.
Q. How long might they have been in the shop? - A. Half an hour, or upwards.
Q. How many partners has your master? - A. Not any.
Q. Does it not often happen that lace will fall off the counter? - A. Sometimes it will.
Mr. Gurney. Q. Was it possible for a card of lace to slip into the straw box? - A. No.
THOMAS DELIGHT sworn. - Examined by Mr. Gurney. (Produces the lace.) I was seht for by Mr. Green: I took the two prisoners to Marlborough-street; this card of lace was given me by Mr. Watson, and has been in my custody ever since.
Watson. This is the same lace that I picked off the floor; it is Mr. Green's property; it cost us more than fifteen pounds.
Jane's defence. I never offered to pay Mrs. Green for any articles that were lost before; she offered to let me go if I would pay for them, and upon my refusal, she sent for a constable.
Smith's defence. Mrs. Jane said, it was a pretty bit of lace, and then I said, I would have it; it was not Mrs. 
               
                  Jane
               


             that said so.
The prisoner Smith called three witnesses, who gave her a good character.
Jane, GUILTY. (Aged 49.)
Smith, GUILTY. (Aged 45.)
Of 


               stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
