





467. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DILLON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 30th of May
, a silver soup-ladle, value 20s. three silver table-spoons, value 30s. three silver desert-spoons, value 15s. and two silver forks, value 20s. the property of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Plowden
                     




                  , Esq
; in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JONAS
                   BATHO
               



             sworn. - I am constable of the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster: On the 31st May, I was called up by Mr. Joice, in Effex-street, about half-past three in the morning, to go after the prisoner; I went after her, and brought her back to her master's house, as soon as I let go her hands, she took out two silver four-pronged forks, she said they were her master's, I asked her who her master was, she said, Mr. Plowden was, and pointed him out to me in the parlour at the same time; I searched her pockets, and in a huswife I found a number of duplicates, and some in a nutmeg-grater. (Produces them.)
Q. What promises had you made her to induce her to tell you that they were her master's? - A. None; she took them out in the prefence of her master and mistress, and a young lady and me.


                  FRANCIS
                   PLOWDEN
               



            , ESQ. sworn. - I live in Effex-street, the prisoner was cook in my house, upwards of a twelvemonth; I lost a vast variety of articles, those in the indictment are the only ones that I have been able to trace; she left my house, or rather eloped about a quarter before twelve; shehad been ordered to deliver what plate she had in her custody, to her mistress before she went away; I was in my study, and she told me she had delivered all, except a desert-spoon, which she said she was going out into the yard to look for, that some of the children had had it out in the morning at breakfast; she was gone a great while, I went to look for her, and concluded she had got over the wall to my next door neighbour, Mr. Richardson's; I immediately knocked at their door, and was informed that she had been let into their house by their servant two or three minutes before, and in great agitation, had gone through the house, and run into the street; I immediately charged the watch with having observed her going out, the watchman stands next to our door, and he denied that he had seen her the whole of the evening, when a quarter of an hour before that he had received her box, and which he then had in his watch-box; I roused several of my neighbours, and between three and four in the morning she was apprehended coming to the watch-box for her trunk; she was brought to my house and examined, in the presence of seven or eight different persons; upon her person was found these two forks, and the duplicates, by means of which we have treaced some of the property, which is in the hands of the pawnbroker.
Q. There were no promises made her of any kind, were there? - A. No.
Q. Look at those forks? - A. They are my property, I can swear to them, they have the crest of the person from whom I had them.


                  JOSEPH
                   TEMPLE
               



             sworn. - I am a pawnbroker, No. 60, Wych-street, (produces two table spoons, and two desert-spoons); they were pledged with me for thirty shillings, on the 6th of May.
Q. Have you any doubt as to her person? - A. None; she has come three or four times a day sometimes, for these three months.
Q. You never suspected her? - A. No; she told me she was cook to a gentleman, and had brought them from her young mistress.
Mr. Plowden. These spoons have my own crest upon them.
Prisoner's defence. I had not money to keep on with to pay my little bills, and my young mistress used to give me these things to pay the bills with.


                  Q. 
               


            (To Mr. Plowden.) What are the value of these forks? - 
               
                  A. 
               


            Twenty shillings.



GUILTY (Aged 40.)
Of stealing goods, to the value of 20s.





               Transported for  seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
