





278. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 12th of March
, a wooden box, value 1s. a cloth gown, value 9s. two linen shifts, value 4s. two pair of cotton stockings, value 2s. a muslin handkerchief, value 1s. 6d. a muslin apron, value 2s. and two linen aprons, value 3s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Watts
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  GEORGE
                   WILLIAMSON
               



             sworn.
I am a master baker, No. 13, Nightingale-lane, East Smithfield. On the 12th of March, about six o'clock in the evening, I was going along Leadenhall-street


, to a lottery office, to buy a sixteenth; going homewards, towards Aldgate Pump, just opposite Catharine Cree church, I observed two men run past me, with a single horse and cart, they were in the cart; after they past me twenty, or twenty-five yards, I observed them clap along side of a country cart, loaded with dung, and some boxes on the top of that dung; I see them get up and cut a box from the top of that cart; they got up on their legs, and they could reach it in their own cart; as soon as they had lifted the box over the wheel, they whipped it into their own cart, and made a stop with their own cart while the country cart went past them; as soon as there was room they whirled round to the left, and went back again; I perceived that, it struck me that it was a robbery, having never seen any thing of the kind before; then I popt my eye on them, to see which way they went, they turned down Billiter-lane; then I looked the other way, and see the countryman stop his horse, then I thought he was robbed of his box; I directly ran to the corner of Billiter-lane, to look after the men; they had just turned the corner, I see them turning down the street as fast as ever they could, driving down; thinks I, you shall not have that box, if I can hinder you now; I pursued them; it was coming on hazy weather, but I had a great coat on. When I got to the bottom of Billiter-lane, they had just turned the corner into Fenchurch-street; when I got to the corner I did not see them, with that I shoved into Mark-lane, thinking they must be that way; I see them again in the middle of Mark-lane, opposite Crutched-sryars; there I see them squeesed in among some carts and coaches, or something or another, I don't know what, I see them squeese in as far as they could there, and one man slid out of the cart, on the near side of the cart, as I was running; directly as I came up to the cart I laid hold of this box, and charged the man in the cart with the robbery.
Q.What became of the man that got out of the cart? - I see him when I laid hold of the box, but laying hold of the box, and so many people gathering together, I could not challenge him afterwards; he got away; the other man, the prisoner, the first word he spoke to me was, d-mn you, and the box to, I know nothing of the box, nor what is in it; at that moment Mr. Maine, oilman, came out, and asked me what was the matter; it was just opposite his door; I desired him to send for an officer, I had nobody but myself; I told him that the man had committed a felony, and ought to be secured; he sent for an officer, and he was secured. There was a gentleman says to me, what is the master, sir? I told him; says he, have you nobody to send for the countryman, the driver of the cart? he went, and came back againin about ten or twelve minutes, and said, the countryman could not leave his cart, he had more boxes, and he was afraid of the others; I see him afterwards.
Q. You see two men in this cart; could you observe which was the man that cut the box? - I was not near enough for that; to the best of my recollection they were both on their legs.(The box produced.)
Q. It is a pretty large box? - It is not a great weight I believe, there are all the things in it that were in it, it was opened before the Lord Mayor. This is the man that drove the cart.
Q.Have you ever seen the other man? - I believe I have, but I cannot swear to him.
Mr. Knowlys. Can you take on yourself to be certain whether both were on their legs or not? - I can, they both took it; I was near enough to see they were both on their legs.
Q. You said before to the best of your recollection? - I am certain.
Q. Now another thing; the other man got away, and was nimble enough in getting off? - He stood before the house when I charged this man with it.
Q. Was not this man extremely drunk indeed? - He did not appear so to me, I don't think he was drunk, I dare say he had been drinking.
Q. Do you know a Mr. Callow, who lives in Mark-lane, a dealer in meal? - Yes, I have dealt with him.
Q. Have you not repeatedly offered this man, that if he could ascertain who that person was in the cart, so far as you could contribute to it, he should have his liberty? - Never.
Q. Was not that offer made before the Lord Mayor when you attended? - No, it was not.
Q. Another thing; when the box was produced, was not the woman who claimed the property, asked if she knew the contents? - I believe she was.
Q.Was she able or not, before the box was opened, to ascertain the contents? - Yes, she was sturried a good deal, and with some reluctance mentioned to my Lord Mayor what there was in the box.
Court. The two men that were in this cart, were they sitting together at the front of the cart? - They were both sitting together.
Q. And then you see them drive close to this country cart? - Yes, to the off side wheel.
Q. And then they both stood up, and you don't know which was the hand that took it? - They both stood up to the best of my recollection.
- SCOTT sworn.
Q. You drove the dung cart? - Yes; just by Aldgate Pump I was robbed of a box.
Q. Who did you receive that box from? - From Sparkes Moline. That is the box.
Q. When was that box in your cart? - On Thursday, the 12th of March.
Q. How did you lose it? - By two men, that were driving a chair cart.
Q. Did you see them take it? - No, I was on the near side of my horse.
Q. And they took it on the off side? - Yes.
Q. You heard it was lost afterwards? - Yes.
Q. How many boxes had you there then? - Four.
Q. How many ought you to have? -Five; It was tied to the side of the ladder, with a string.
Q. Are you sure as to the box? - Yes.


                  THOMAS
                   YOUNG
               



             sworn.
I am a carman; I helped put it on the cart, my master told me, Mr. Moline.



                  Q. 
               


            Whose box was it? - 
               
                  Hannah
                   Watts
               



            's,
Q.Where was it to go? - To Stratford; I did not take it.
Q. Do you know the box again? -Yes.
Q. Is that it? - Yes.
Mr. Knowlys. Do you know the young woman to whom it belongs? - No, not at all.


                  HANNAH
                   WATTS
               



             sworn.
The box belongs to me, it contains one gown, &c.
Q.Where was it to go? - To my master's, Sparkes Moline, a tanner and leather cutter, at Stratford.
Q. Where is his town house? - In the Broadway, Westminster.
Q. Were these your things in it? - They are mine.
Q. This carman was a fellow servant of your's? - Yes, he was my master's carman, belonging to Stratford; my master sent me down that day to clean the house.
Mr. Knowlys. You know a person of the name of Kendrick? - Yes.
Q.Have you not been married to this man? - No, I have not.
Q. I have been instructed that he has fell into misfortunes, and you have gone into service as a single woman.


                  JOHN
                   CRANE
               



             sworn.
I am the constable that had the prisoner in charge; I was sent for about six o'clock.
Mr. Knowlys. Was this man sober at the time you took him into custody? -He had been drinking.
Q.Was he not a great deal flustered with liquor? - I believe he was a great deal more flustered with the charge than with the liquor; when I had him in custody he told me that he was going to buy some flour cheap in Mark-lane.
Q. What time of the day was it? - Thursday, about six o'clock; market days are Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays; there is no market at six o'clock in the evening.
Prisoner. I was going to buy some flour, a man told me that he had four hundred and fifty sacks to fell, at fifty shillings a sack; my child was christened that day, and I drank more than did me good; and going along a man met me, and called me by name, and jumped into the cart, and whether he put the box into the cart or no I cannot say, I was so intoxicated with liquor.
The prisoner called four witnesses who gave him a good character, said that he was in the muffin and crumpet way
, and in the summer a green grocer
.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 35.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
