





447. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  O'NEIL
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
 last, ten yards and an half of printed cotton, value 15 s. 9 d. thirteen callico shawls, value 1 l. 8 s. one callico half shawl, value 15 d. and one shawl, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Hopwood
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling-house
            .
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  MARY
                   HOPWOOD
               



             sworn.
I live at No. 60, Thames street, the corner of Queenhithe


. I lost the things in the indictment out of my shop: I did not see the prisoner take them: it was on the 12th of April: I missed them about nine in the morning; I saw them about ten minutes before.
How soon after did you see them? - In about a quarter of an hour; they were brought by my man into my shop.


                  JOHN
                   BROOKS
               



             sworn.
I am servant to the prosecutrix. She is a cheesemonger
. A boy told me the prisoner had stole the things: I took hold of him, and desired him to come into the shop with me; and he did: he had nothing on him. I went out for the things; a man gave them me in the street.
What is his name? - He is here.
Prisoner. Did you see me drop it? - No.
Was I in the same street the property was found in? - No.
What answer did I make? - He said nothing.

Prisoner. I asked what was the matter; the prosecutrix said she had been robbed.


                  JOHN
                   NICOLL
               



             sworn.
I am clerk to Beswick and Dennis. On Monday, the 12th of April, I saw the prisoner come out of Mrs. Hopwood's, about nine in the morning; I was in our shop, opposite; I saw his face; he had a parcel of shawls in his arms; he came across the street; and a boy said the man had got the shawls from Mrs. Hopwood's; the prisoner went past me into the next street, Bull-wharf-lane; and I lost sight of him; he returned back directly, and passed me again; he had not the shawls then.
Court. Was he walking? - Yes; he went towards the prosecutrix's door, and her shopman took him into the shop: I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner. Was you at the window, or at the door? - Through the window I saw you.
Did you follow me? - No.
Did you see me lay them down? - No; he was turned round the corner.
How long after I went into this street, was it before I returned? - But a few minutes.


                  JOHN
                   GODDARD
               



             sworn.
I live with Mr. Nicholl, at the same shop.
Did you see the prisoner? - Yes: that is the man that came out of Mr. Hopwood's with the shawls in his arms; he came across the way, and went into Bull-wharf-lane; he returned in about three minutes without them.
Prisoner. Was you in the shop, looking through the window? - Yes: he was taken in five minutes after; I did not see him lay them down.


                  STEPHEN
                   HOLLIWELL
               



             sworn.
I live with my mother; she sells fish. I saw the prisoner and another standing by Mrs. Hopwood's shop: a boy said, I wonder what they are sneaking about for! I said, I do not know; I went into Mrs. Hopwood's shop for my butter: a man came and said, Mrs. Hopwood, you are robbed; I was in the inner shop; I saw the prisoner go out with a bundle; he went into Bull-wharf-lane; I cannot tell what the bundle was; it looked like linen; I saw his face; there is one window faces Thames-street, and one Queenhithe.
Court. Are you sure he is the man; did you see his face in the shop? - No; I saw his back; I am certain it is the man; I saw him the same day; he was brought in, in about five minutes; I was in the shop when he came back; he said he knew nothing of it.
Prisoner. Did I ask any question? - No.
Did not you say you knew nothing about it? - I saw you go in.
Did you watch me? - I saw him go in empty handed, and come out with the property.


                  JAMES
                   NORGROVE
               



             sworn.
I am a horse-keeper to Mr. Stevens.
Court. Do you know the prisoner? - No.
Mrs. Hopwood. This man took them from behind some shutters, and brought them to my man.
Norgrove. I saw the things lie behind the shutters; I took them into the stable; and hearing the street alarmed, I saw Mrs. Hopwood's man coming, and gave them to him.
Court. What were the goods? - I do not know; the man has got them.
Were they completely hid? - No; some fell back.
Court to Brooke. Who gave you the goods? - Norgrove.


                  THOMAS
                   HUGHES
               



             sworn.
I had charge of the prisoner: the things were given to me at Guild-hall, by order of the Alderman.
Court to Mrs. Hopwood. Are these the things you received from Brooks? - Yes.
Are they yours? - Yes, they are.
Where did you leave them? - Upon a shelf.
What is the lowest value? - Above four pounds; they sell for above five pounds.
When they were brought back, did you put them among any others? - No.

PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I was going along the street, and Mrs. Hopwood's man told me his mistress wanted me; I asked him very politely, who his mistress was? he said she lived a few doors off; I went with him; she said she had been robbed that morning. I asked this man, Mr. Nicholl, if he was sure of me? and he said, yes; I said, why did not you stop me? he said he did not know whether I had not bought them; the boy said he saw me stand at the door: I have some witnesses.
The prisoner called four witnesses, who gave him a good character; and said they understood he was a wine cooper.




               GUILTY, 39 s.
            

Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


