





252. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     BARNSELY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 22d of February
, in the parish of St. Leonard's, Shoreditch, two iron chisels, value 9 d. one iron padlock, value 2 d. one hundred brad nails, value 3 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Quanthrow
                        



                     
                  ; and one iron chisel, value 4 d. an hand-saw, value 4 d. a bradawl, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Barlow
                        



.


                  WILLIAM
                   QUANTHROW
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
, and servant to Mr. Barlow: on Monday was a week, I lost two iron chisels, and other things in the indictment, from a house in Holywell-mount, Shoreditch


; I saw them there between five and six on Monday evening; I did not see the prisoner take them; but they were on his premises, which he rented; the next morning I saw them; he was a watchman facing the buildings; I have had it broke open two or three times: some of them was in a drawer; the padlock was hanging by his bed-side.


                  THOMAS
                   BARLOW
               



             sworn.
I am a carpenter
: I lost an iron chisel and other things, a hand-saw and a bradall, on Monday night, in the same house from where the others was taken; it was a new house finishing; I saw them as soon as ever I could get a warrant; I missed them when I came to work on Tuesday morning; I found all the tools in his drawer, except the padlock, with his pistol, cutlass, and rattle; I have kept all the tools ever since; (the tools produced and deposed to.) I am very sure to the chisel, because the handle was split by using it with the hammer; the hand-saw my father has had these thirty years; and the brad-all has got a particular ferrel on.
Quanthrow. This chisel I have had ten or eleven years; and the other I changed the handle; I know the iron padlock by being rubbed over with mortar; and the nails are in a paper which hath a bit of pitch: I suspected the prisoner.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I was going my rounds at two o'clock, I found the prosecutor's door open, and went in with my lanthorn; I saw no one there; and seeing some tools lay on the bench, I thought if I left them behind, they would be lost before morning; I put them into my pocket, with intent to bring them to the buildings as soon as I got up; but at going off at six o'clock, I got rather too much liquor; and when this gentleman came, I did not know what I brought home; the gentleman himself knows, I was undrest when he knocked at the door.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 57.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
