





529. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Lawrence 
                           Williams
                        



                     
                  , Sarah his wife, and others of his family being therein, about the hour of ten in theforenoon of the 3d of October
, and stealing a coverlid, value 1s. and a towel, value 6d. the property of the said Lawrence; three shirts, value 1s. 10s. two neckclothes, value 9s. two pair of breeches, value 1l. and a waistcoat, value 2s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Allen
                        



.


                  JOHN
                   ALLEN
               



             sworn. - I am apprentice
 to Mr. Williams, a ship and insurance-broker
; on Thursday, the 3d of October, about ten in the morning, the prisoner entered the house at the two pair of stairs window; the servant saw him come down; I lost two pair of breeches, three shirts, two neck-cloths, and a waistcoat; the servant gave the alarm, I went across the way, and saw him with the things on his arm; I took hold of him, and sent for a constable.


                  JOSEPH
                   LAWRENCE
               



             sworn. - I am a constable;(produces the property): it is in the parish of St. Nicholas Acorn; the indictment states it to be in the parish of St. Edmund the King.
Allen. These are my property.


                  ELIZABETH
                   MATTHEW
               



             sworn. - I saw the prisoner coming down the two pair of stairs; how he got into the house I don't know; he had the cloaths hanging upon his arm when I saw him, and I gave the alarm.
Prisoner's defence. I was the worse for liquor; and if I did take it, I took the wrong bundle; they have got my bundle.
GUILTY (Aged 35.)




               Of stealing, to the value of 39s.
            





               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. Justice BULLER.
