





292. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     JONES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Goads
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of seven in the night, on the 25th of February
, and burglariously stealing therein a callico muslin shawl, value 7 s. his property
            .


                  PHILIP
                   GOADS
               



             sworn.
I am a house-keeper, No. 19, Chandos-street


. On Thursday last, about seven in the evening; there was candles in the shop; I was in the room adjoining the shop; my wife cried out, I am robbed of a shawl; I immediately pursued the prisoner, and took this shawl from under his coat, and have kept it ever since; I did not hear the breaking of the window, but when I came back I found it was broke; it is in the street.
Mrs. GOADS sworn.
I am the wife of 
               
                  Philip
                   Goads
               



            . I was sitting in the shop at work, and a hand burst through the window and tore out the shawl; I immediately screamed out; and my husband ran after him, and brought him back: my husband brought the shawl to me, by order of the justice, and has kept it locked up ever since. (The shawl produced and deposed to.) It hung up for show in the shop: I keep a small milliner's.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
As I was going along Chandos-street saw a man running; he passed by, dropped this shawl; I laid hold of it; this gentleman came and took hold of me.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
             of stealing.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
