






468. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRIDGES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of September

, twenty-nine pounds of pork, value 6 d. two pewter pots, value 8 d. and one shilling and elevenpence in money,
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Davis
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS
                   DAVIS
               



             sworn.
I keep a publick house
. The prisoner stole two pewter pots and two quarts of beer.


                  SARAH
                   SAWYER
               



             sworn.
I am a servant to Mr. Davis. I remember the prisoner; he came in about nine, and ordered two pots of porter and change for half a-crown, to No. 8; I went there; and he said it was No. 4; then he said it was not there, it was No. 30; he called a man to take them, and wanted me to go back for another pot, tobacco, and pipes; I would not; he got the change out of my hand by force, and said he would not pay me or give me the half crown; I laid hold of his coat, and he came back to my masters, and delivered up the change; what became of the porter and pots afterwards, I don't know; I went back again to see about the beer and pots, and my master came with the prisoner.


                  Thomas
                   Davis
               



            . I was in the house when the man came back; and he gave me the change, and I said it makes no difference if you will let me have my beer and pots: I went to No. 30, and the man and thepots were gone; I took him to the watch-house.


                  EDWARD
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
On the 15th of September, I was going into the cellar, and the prisoner came to the door and ordered two pots of beer to go to No. 8.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
There was 


               another indictment against the prisoner for stealing from 
                     
                        
                           James
                            Johnston
                        



                     
                   two pots of porter and two pewter pots, and one shilling and eleven-pence
            , of which he was found 

               guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


