





271. 
               
                  
                     JAMIMA 
                     WILSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a gown, value 20 s. a pair of stays, value 20 s. and a quantity of wearing apparel, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Varney
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN
                   VARNEY
               



             sworn.
I am a grocer
. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment. The prisoner was my servant
: on the 9th of February, on a Tuesday, she was to go to washing; she came down stairs between five and six in the morning; I called to her, and asked if she had got a light? she said, no; she came into my room and got a light: I came down about seven, and found no windows open, no fire lighted, but the wash-house door open, which was locked and bolted over night: the wash-house goes into the garden; at the bottom of the garden there is a gate that leads into the field; they were both locked over night, and I found them both open, and she gone; I called my wife, and she called her daughter; my daughter said, she had nothing to put on, all her clothes, her stays, and every thing she pulled off, on going to bed, were taken away.
Mrs. VARNEY sworn.
When I came down in the morning, and found the servant gone, I missed a great quantity of wearing apparel; (enumerates them) I missed of my own, a silk cloak, and bonnet, and check apron; I saw them on the night before behind my chamber door, except the bonnet that was in the dining room; I know the cloak by a bit of a darn on one side of it; I know the bonnet by a sham lace on it, I had it about two years; there is a callico petticoat, of my daughter's, I can swear to; and a linen gown and coat, of her's, I can swear to, by a tear in it, which is darned; here are two coats belonging to the gowns that are lost, which are now in this box.


                  REBECCA
                   VARNEY
               



             sworn.
I can swear to a callico gown, and the other two gowns, and my stays; I can safely swear to the things in this box, that are mine.


                  MATTHEW
                   EASON
               



             sworn.
I am headborough. On the 13th I took charge of the prisoner; she had on her person several of Miss Varney's clothes; I asked her where the rest of the things were; she took me to No. 2, Lower Shadwell, where I found the things in this box, at a house round the corner, which the prisoner said was her box.


                  WILLIAM
                   ELBY
               



             sworn.
On the 13th of February, Eason came and told me he had got the prisoner and the things; I made no offer whatever.
THOMAS BROTHERTON sworn.
I am a pawnbroker: the prisoner pledgedthis blue and white handkerchief, and check apron, the 12th of this month.
(Produced.)
Court to 
               
                  John
                   Varney
               



            . There is none of your property among these things in this box? - Nothing.
(All the things belonging to Miss Varney produced and deposed to by her.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
My mistress and I could not agree: I was not a hired servant; and my young master told me to take as many things as I could, and he would come to me; and he gave me half a crown that evening, before I went away, and paid me three visits afterwards.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.




[Transportation. See summary.]


