





177. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WARREN
                  




               
             was indicted for feloniously 


               stealing, on the 20th of February
, a wooden cask, value 2s. and five gallons of rasberry brandy, value 30s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Marmaduke 
                     Langdale
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Langdale
                  



               
            .


                  HUGH
                   MORRIS
               



             sworn.
Q. You are servant to Messrs. Langdale? - Yes.
Q. Do you knew their names? - 
               
                  Marmaduke
                   Langdale
               



            .
Q. Who is the other partner

? - No other that I know of.


                  MARMADUKE
                   LANGDALE
               



             sworn.
Q. What is the firm of your house? - 
               
                  Marmaduke
                   Langdale
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas
                   Langdale
               



            , my brother.
Q. To Morris. Were you sent out on the 20th of January, to deliver some goods? - Yes.
Q. Do you know whether among these goods you had some rasberry brandy? - We had a five gallon cask.
Q. How were the goods conveyed? - In a waggon.
Q. What servant are you? - I go out with the cart; I do not drive the cart, two of us go together, I carry the orders and the bills of parcels.
Q. Had you any rasberry brandy but that five gallon cask? - Not on that day.
Q. Where was this five gallon cask to have been delivered? - In Wild-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields.
Q. When did you first receive any notice of the loss? - Immediately after.
Q. Where was you when you first received any intelligence of it? - At the house of Mr. Sharp, at the corner of Newtoners-lane, Drury-lane


; I had three pipes of gin to deliver there.
Q. Do you know whether when you went into Mr. Sharp's, this gallon cask was in the waggon or not? - Yes, I am certain of it, and after I had been there; I observed it ten minutes after I had delivered the three pipes of gin out to Mr. Sharp's.
Q. When did you receive intelligence of any thing being lost? - I am certain it was not ten minutes after we had done delivering these goods of Mr. Sharp's; he generally gives us something to eat and drink, and we had just sat down, I am sure not ten minutes, and Mr. Hubbard, the baker, came in, informing us that a man, the prisoner, was taking the cask from the waggon, and that he gave it to another.
Q. Did you go there to the waggon and see what was missing? - Immediately I went to the waggon and found this cask missing.
Q. Was it the cask containing the rasberry brandy? - Yes, five gallons of rasberry brandy.
Q. When you received the information, what did you do? - We ran, but he was gone, we could not see any thing of him.
Q. Whereabouts was the value of this five gallons? - About thirty-five shillings.


                  JAMES
                   HUBBARD
               



             sworn.
Q. You are a baker? - I am, No. 176, Drury lane.
Q. How far is that from Mr. Sharp's? - The adjoining house, the very next door.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar? - Perfectly well; I have knownhim seven years, as to his person, and character likewise.
Q. Do you remember the circumstance of Mr. Langdale's cart or waggon, being at Mr. Sharp's house? - I do, very well.
Q. Tell us what you observed then? - I observed nothing with respect to the prisoner till I see him on the front wheel of the waggon; I see him take out a cask of some kind of liquor, as I might suppose, by the manner in which he lifted it out, it appeared so to me.
Q. What did he do with it when he had taken it out? - He gave it to a person that was standing by.
Q. Did you know that person? - I did not.
Q. In what position were you to see this? - I stood on the top of my counter placing the heard about my shop; I was much about level with the prisoner.
Q. What became of him? - The prisoner went down Drury lane.
Q. Did you see where the man went to whom he delivered the cask? - I did not. Immediately after I saw the man on the wheel, I had a mistrust whether it might be a thief, or the men might have employed those persons to take the cask out.
Q. Had you any doubt that he was the man that took it? - Not the least in the world. I went to the door to see where it went to; I mentioned before I was not certain whether it was a thief; I, therefore, to satisfy my mind, went as far as the end of the lane, to see whether the man that had the liquor went past Mr. Sharp's back door, which he did; I was then perfectly satisfied that it was a thief; I then went and told Mr. Sharp's people at the bar, that the man belonging to Mr. Langdale's waggon had lost something out of the waggon.
Q. What became of the prisoner? - They ran down Drury-lane, I did not pursue them.
Q. Have you the least doubt that he is the man? - None in the least; I know the man perfectly for seven years past.
Court to Morris. Was any thing else missing from your waggon besides the cask of brandy? - Not at that time, we missed another when we went a little further on.
Q. At the time that you examined this waggon, and when you had an information that something was stole. Are you sure that two were not taken at that time? - I am not sure; I did not see this taken.
Q. Was one missing, or more than one when you was at Sharp's door? - We only missed one then.
Q. But then very likely the other was taken? - It may be so. There were two casks missed in all, both rasberry, both of the same size, within something under a gallon of the same contents.
Q. What day of the week was this? - Friday, the 20th of February, about a quarter before twelve.


                  WILLIAM
                   IRONMONGER
               



             sworn.
I am one of the directors of the patrol. In consequence of information, on Friday, the 20th of February, I and Manning we went to a very infamous house in Parker's-lane, kept by Mapleback, know by the sign of the Bleeding Hart.
Q. Did you find the prisoner there? - We did; but there was a great deal of resistance among a set of thieves in the house; he jumped into a crowd of between twelve and fourteen, whom we knew to be thieves, and we were obliged to draw our hangers to secure him.
Q. Did he take any part in this resistance? - No, only flying for shelter for the others to protect him.
Q. What did he say? - He did not say any thing; but they all flew up directly, but I said, that the first that flew up I would cut his head off.

Prisoner. When that man there came in, I was sitting by the box at the door, just as you go in, he pulled me right by the fire, and I stood there; and if you put that man there to his oath, he cannot deny that I made no resistance, and nobody got up to assist me.
Witness. He attempted to make his escape.


                  DENNIS
                   MANNING
               



             sworn.
Q. I believe you went with Ironmonger to this house of Mapleback's? - Yes, I was the first person that went in; he was in a little box, a man was between him and me, and I laid hold of him by the collar, and be endeavoured to get into a box, where there were twelve or fourteen, and we drew our cutlasses, he was very fractorious I assure you.
Q. However at last you secared him? - Yes, and some of the people followed us into Parker's-lane afterwards.
Court to Morris, Did you attend the cart the came that the rasberry brandy was put in it, till it got to Sharp's? - Yes, all the way.
Prisoner. This man, he swore against me at Bow-street, that he saw me stand on the shafts of the waggon, little thought I was going to do any thing, it being in the day time, and he immediately sees me take this keg of liquor out of the cart, and give it to another person, and if he was to see the other person again, he should know him, and that he went out to his door, and saw this man gone away with the property, and he thought he went into some house with it, and he immediately see me run up Drury-lane another way, that he immediately went into the house of Mr. Sharp, to ask the people if they lost any thing. I hope, my lord, you don't think it feasible, if this man saw me take the property out of the cart in the day time, but he would have stopped me, or called out stop thief, as it being day time, he might have got assistance.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 20.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
