





149. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBINSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of January
, one cloth cloak, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Sanderson
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  MARGARET
                   SANDERSON
               



             sworn.
I am a widow
; I lost a cloth cloak in Cornhill


; the prisoner came to my house to ask for lodgings; I know nothing of him.


                  JOHN
                   COOKE
               



             sworn.
I am an officer; on the 1st of January I was going through Wellclose-square, and saw the prosecutrix have hold of the prisoner; she said he had stole her cloak, and took it from her forcibly in an alley in Cornhill; I took him before the magistrate; there he said the prosecutrix gave him the cloak.
Prosecutrix. The prisoner asked me to go with him to get some muslins and handkerchiefs, in a court in Cornhill; when we got there, he pulled the cloak off my shoulders, and ran away: it was Ball-court; he never spoke to me: I called out, but saw nobody; two more men came up to me the instant he was gone, and tore my bed-gown down, and pulled my bonnet over my face, that I could not see them; I gave an alarm, but nobody came to my assistance.
Prisoner. Did not you unpin the cloak, and give it me to tie up the muslins in.


                  MARY
                   KIRK
               



             sworn.
I am landlady to the last witness; she takes in washing; the prisoner came to my house for lodgings; I told him he might have lodgings; he told me he was just come home in the Contraction East Indiaman; he asked me or my husband to go and fetch some muslins; he could not go; then he asked the prosecutrix to go with him first to Well-close-square, then to Billinsgate, and then to the City, to look for the chief mate; Mrs. Sanderson went with him about six in the evening, and returned about ten, very much frightened, and said, the prisoner had stolen her cloak in Ball-court, Cornhill; and that two other men tore her bed-gown, and pulled her bonnet over her eyes, that she could not see any thing; she is a very sober woman.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
When I went with her to fetch the things, she said her husband was dead, and she had buried her two children; and when we have got the things, you may as well come and live with me, I am a widow; she gave me her cloak and handkerchief to tie up the muslins, because her apron was old, and would not hold them.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
