





409. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MATTHEWS
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for burglariously and feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John Lewis 
                           Andre
                        




                     
                  , about the hour of two in the night of the 7th of October
, and burglariously stealing therein, eight silver table spoons, value 40 s. four silver desert spoons, value 16 s. four tea spoons, value 8 s. five cruet tops, value 20 s. two silver salt spoons, value 2 s. a diaper table cloth, value 2 s. and a linen towel, value 8 d. his property
            .


                  JOHN
                   LARKINS
               



             sworn.
I saw the doors and windows secure on the night of the robbery, I made all safe. I went to bed a quarter after eleven, my fellow servant
 was up after me, that is the prisoner. I did not hear her go to bed. I arose about a quarter after six, I heard no alarm in the night, it was the 7th of October, it was light. I observed the pantry window was broke open; it was a sash, the bottom pane of the bottom sash was broke; the sash was put up again, and the shutter shut to, a person might thrust down their arm, and open the window; I saw no marks of violence, only I found a little blood on the shutters. I missed the things in the indictment, they are my master's property; I saw them a quarter after eleven in the pantry, that was a good distance from the window, but in the same room. The things are here. I did not know the prisoner before, I was footman, and had been about ten weeks. The things were found at the pawnbroker's, I was not present.


                  THOMAS
                   SAPWELL
               



             sworn.
I was sent for by Davis, the pawnbroker, on the 8th of this month; the prisoner was at his shop, I searched her, and found these things on her; I said nothing to her, either that it would be better or worse. She told me she broke open the house; I asked her if she had any accomplices, and she said no.
Prisoner. I never told him any such thing.


                  RICHARD
                   SHARPE
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to Mr. 
               
                  John
                   Davis
               



            , I saw the prisoner at the time, I apprehended her; she came with a table cloth, and asked 18 d. then she produced a pap spoon; we were apprized of the robbery, and I told my master, and he sent me to Mr. Andre.


                  JOHN
                   LEWIS ANDRE
               



            , Esq. sworn.
(Deposed to the things, and Larkins also deposed to them.)
Court to Mr. Andre. What is the value of these things? - I cannot say; I knew the prisoner very well, she was not employed by me that I recollect, her sister lives with us now, her name is Mary, the prisoner had been a servant.
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
I have nothing to say, and no witnesses.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 39 s.
             but not of the burglary.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
