





270. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
 last, six plumes of ostrich feathers, value 100 l. and two woollen wrappers, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Alwin
                  



               
            .
A second count, laying it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Flowers
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Justice 
                  Hudson
               



            .


                  ROBERT
                   ELY
               



             sworn.
I am apprentice to Justice Hudson, at No. 1, Fleet-market: 
               
                  William
                   Flowers
               



             is his partner; the feathers were lost on a Tuesday night between eight and nine; I was passing through St. Paul's Church-yard, and the prisoner stood at No. 19, I had them on my shoulder in two wrappers; he called to me, and said, my lad, will you call me a coach? and he told me if I would leave my bundle with him he would take care of it till I came back; I told him I would call a coach, but not leave my bundle, and then I got him a coach to the door, No. 19, Mr. Simpson's, in St. Paul's Church-yard


; he stood under the door, and had hold of the knob that opened it; and as soon as I had called the coach, he ordered it to turn about; the prisoner took the feathers off my shoulder, and put them into the coach with my consent. He asked me to go down the first turning with him, to help to bring a box and hamper, and he would pay me well for my trouble; when I got down the turning a bit, he gave me a shilling, and told me to go into a public-house and get a pint of beer, and change for the shilling, and that he should be there by the time; I had the beer, I waited some time, but no person came; I then went up to St. Paul's Church-yard to look for the coach, and found it was gone I was going to take them to Wallbrookwhere the owner of the feathers lives, his name is 
               
                  Francis
                   Allen
               



            ; he was not more than ten minutes with me, he had a round hat, he was a stranger to me, I put them in the coach, and left them in the coach, and took the number; I left nobody with the coach but the coachman.
Mr. Knowlys, Prisoner's Counsel. Did you say before the Alderman that you was sure he was the person? - No; I said to the best of my knowledge.
Was he taken the same day? - No, the day after; I am sure he is the man, I mean to swear positively to him; I never took an oath before, therefore saying to the best of my knowledge, was because I did not know that it made any difference; I never had a doubt of his being the man.


                  JUSTICE
                   HUDSON
               



             sworn.
I am a coffin-maker and undertaker

, my partner's name is 
               
                  William
                   Flowers
               



            : on the 28th of June, Tuesday, I had these feathers of Mr. Allen, I am answerable to him for them, six plumes of white ostrich feathers, I delivered them near seven o'clock at night to the boy, I saw them in the wrappers next day before the Alderman; I packed the feathers, I know the wrapper to be the same I packed up, they were directed to one of the city marshals, Mr. Clarke, they were the same I packed up.
Mr. Knowlys. It was nine o'clock when you sent this boy away? - I cannot speak to a minute, I speak now within ten minutes.


                  PHILIP
                   PRICE
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman; this boy called me with a bundle upon his shoulder, ordered me to turn about; I followed him to Mr. Simpson's, in St. Paul's Church-yard; a man came up to me, and stuttering, asked me the way to Temple-bar; the prisoner came on the opposite side, and said the boy is coming, and took the property out of the coach; I pursued him, and took them upon him; the goods were wrapped up in woollen cloths. The goods were put in by a man and the boy; the prisoner is the man, he said the boy is coming; I took the property from him, he was about seven or eight yards from the coach; I called after him, he stopped; I took the things from him, and put them into the coach, I pulled up both my glasses; another chap comes and orders me to open my door; I did so: he said, I hope you have not lost the property, it is of great value; I said no: I got upon my box, and drove him to Shoe-lane; then he ordered me to Stone-cutter-street; he pulled the string, I stopped; he got out of the coach, and he gave me a shilling; it came into my head he was not the owner, I followed him to Bear-alley; then the prisoner came up, and rescued the other man, and knocked me down; I got assistance, and he was secured, he was put into the New Counter, he was examined next day; he is the man that knocked me down, he had not them clothes on.
Mr. Knowlys. The man at the bar is the man who put in the goods? - I cannot say positively.
You have told us it was dark? - Yes.
Did you never make any enquiry about a reward? - No, I never did.
Is this answer as true as every thing else you have said? - Yes.


                  PHILIP
                   JOCEYLIN
               



             sworn.
I am a constable, I took charge of the prisoner.
Mr. Knowlys. Do you know the last witness? - Yes.
Did he ever ask you if there was any reward? - Yes.
What did you tell him? - I told him to apply to the Court.
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my Counsel.


                  Philip
                   Price
               



            . He called me about a quarter past nine, the watch was not set; I waited some time before any body came to the coach; I gave the feathers to Joceylin, he delivered them at Guildhall the next day.


                  Philip
                   Joceylin
               



            . I received a plume of feathers in two wrappers, I took them before the magistrate.



                  JOHN
                   CLARK
               



             sworn.
I received these feathers of Joceylin, they were sealed at Guildhall; I have had them ever since.
(For the prisoner.)
Mrs. EMANUEL sworn.
I am a married woman: my husband sells glass and china. I have known him two years, a hard working man; and I believe him a very honest man; he is a butcher
; I have bought meat of him.


                  ROBERT
                   SILVER
               



             sworn.
I am a confectioner. He bore a good character; I never heard any thing bad or wrong of him; I believe him to be very honest.



               GUILTY
            , (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
