





266. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     RIDLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 31st of March
, a gold ring, value 5s. a black gauze cloak, value 4s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 1s. a yard and a quarter of white thread lace, value 2s. 6d. a white cotton bed-gown, value 2s. 6d. a pair of mourning ear-rings, value 6d. a silk purse, value 2d. two muslin neckcloths, value 1s. and a muslin handkerchief, value 3d.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Flowers
               




            .


                  JAMES
                   FLOWERS
               



             sworn. - I am a hair-dresser
, No. 22, Downing-street


: I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; I do not know any thing of the loss myself, the prisoner was our servant
.


                  SARAH
                   FLOWERS
               



             sworn. - I am the wife of the last witness: I did not miss the property, except some neckcloths, and a ring, till after I had discharged her, and she was taken; about ten days after that, the 31st of March, I missed a gold ring, and asked her if she had seen it, she told me, she dared to say I should find it. I lost a gauze cloak, six neckcloths, two pair of stockings, a sheet, and a white bed gown, white thread lace, and other things; my cloak was taken out of a box, and part of them out of the drawers.
Q.What does your family consist of? - A. My husband, myself, and my servant. The constable found part of the things in her box at her lodgings and some more at a washer-woman's; the constable has the property.


                  WILLIAM
                   MESSENGER
               



             Sworn. - (Produces a black gauze cloak, and the other things). I apprehended the prisoner at her lodgings, on Saturday the 31st of March. These things were all found in her box, except the cloak, which hung up, and the ring, which was in her pocket.
Q.(To Mrs. Flowers). Look at that ring? - A. That is the ring that I have lost, I know it perfectly well; I know the cloak to be mine; and these stockings are marked with my husband's name.


                  MARTHA
                   PLUMMER
               



             Sworn. - (Produces another parcel of things). I received these from the prisoner to wash, the latter end of March.
The Prisoner's defence was read as follows:
"My Lords, and Gentlemen of the Jury. Being destitute of money, and at a great distance from my relations, not being able to see Counsel to defend me, I therefore throw myself upon the mercy of the Court, and crave the indulgence of the Court, to state the following facts: - I came from the North, applied to an office, engaged myself to Mrs. Flowers. It is not my wish or intention to discover what I know of Mrs. Flowers; it is enough for me to say, that I found myself in a situation ill-suited to the virtuous habits in which I had been bred, and I gave her warning; I determined to leave her service, which I had an opportunity of doing one day suddenly, Mrs. Flowers being very much in liquor. In the morning of that day, I found a ring upon the carpet, intending to give it to Mrs. Flowers. The day before I went away, the examined my box, and in the hurry I forgot to take the key with me; when I came the next day for the box, Mrs. Flowers must remember the readiness with which I even invited an examination of my box. Conscious of my own innocence, my astonishment, however, upon the box being opened, was beyond description; those articles were not there the preceding night, nor did I see any of them till after I was in custody; and they must have been put there with a view to my destruction."
Q.(To Mrs. Flowers.) Remember you are upon your oath, who lodged with you? - A.Lady Ophemia Stuart, Lord Grenville's sister; nobody else has lodged there since the has been in the house, nor for ten weeks before.
Court. Prisoner, that is the defence you have thought proper to make, who wrote that defence for you? - A. A gentleman of the name of Middleton, Mr. Kirby knows him very well.
Court. How long have you known Mr. Middleton? - A. No longer than I have been in prison.

Court. Q. Who introduced Mr. Middleton to you? - A. He saw me when I first came into the prison.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 19.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
