





734 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     ADLARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 14th of October
, a woollen cloth coat lappelled, value 1 l. 10 s. another woollen cloth coat, value 1 l. 5 s. three quarters of a yard of velveteen, value 7 s. a quarter of a yard of kerseymire cloth, value 3 s. a pair of metal knee buckles, value 1 s. 6 d two pair of cotton stockings, value 4 s. a muslin neckcloth, value 2 s. three yards of kerseymire, value 1 l. a cotton marseilles waistcoat piece, value 5 s. seven yards of nankeen cotton cloth, value 9 s. one other woollen cloth coat lappelled, value 1 l. 8 s. a silk and cotton toilenet waistcoat, value 5 s. a muslin neckcloth, value 2 s. a pair of black silk breeches, value 1 l. two yards of thickset, value 5 s. two yards of muslin, value 5 s. 6 d. a kersey-mire waistcoat, value 10 s. another kersey-mire waistcoat, value 10 s. a toilenet waistcoat, value 4 s. a yard and a quarter of toilenet, value 10 s. a yard of muslin, value 5 s. five yards of nankeen cotton cloth, value 5 s. and a kerseymire waistcoat, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Nash
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM
                   NASH
               



             sworn.
The prisoner was a servant
 of mine he has been a servant to me two years all but thirteen days. I am a woollen draper
, and salesman
; I found him on the 15th of this month, on Tuesday morning about the hour of eleven, going up Giltspur-street with a parcel wrapped up in a news paper; when I went up to him and accused him of the property which he had there, he said it was his own, he said it was two shirts and other property; there was a hole in the news paper, through which I saw woollen goods, which he thought it not right that I should examine his property in that place, but I insisted on it, and found it was a coat, &c. they are all in the constable's possession; what is more remarkable this here coat is cut out fore part, and back part the wrong way, but the sleeves is cut out the right, by a mistake and error in the cutting.



                  JAMES
                   HALL
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; there was a coat delivered to me, and the rest by different pawnbrokers before the magistrate.
Nash. This is the coat lappelled cut out the wrong way by one of my journeymen in a mistake, I am sure it is my property.
Mr. Peat. What are you? - I am a taylor, woollen draper and salesman.
Q. Who is your partner? - None at all, I never had any.
Q. You met the prisoner in the street? - I saw him in the street, he was on the opposite side of the way, I crossed over to him, he said he had got shirts there, and other things his property.
Q. Did he tell you he had them of a cousin of your's? - He did not.
Q. How much money have you given him since he was in custody? - What he demanded as his right, fifteen shillings.
Q. Did you take two guineas from the prisoner? - I did not, I took it out of a chest; I gave him fifteen shillings of it, which he demanded as his right, he said the rest was mine.
Q. What past when you gave him the fifteen shillings? - Nothing more particularly.
Q Do you know 
               
                  John
                   Lawson
               



            ? - I do.
Q. Did not you make some promise to him if he would be a good boy? - I did not.
Q. You said nothing about the two guineas before the sitting magistrate? - I did not mention it, I am sure of that.
Court. Did you take the two guineas out of the chest? - I did, I asked him whether it was his or mine, he said it was mine, but fifteen shillings that was his own. I asked him if he had any more demands on me? he said no.
Q. Were there two guineas and fifteen shillings? - No, two guineas out of which I returned him fifteen shillings; I took out these buckles, neckcloth and stockings, and told them if they were his to take them; he said they were mine.
Mr. Peat. Was it before or after the promise you made him, that he told you that these buckles were your's, and this neckcloth? - I know nothing of any promise.
Q. Then it seems you made him no promise whatever, recollect yourself a little? - None at all.
Q. Let us understand what you mean by promise, perhaps you mean one thing by it and I another? - When I met him I asked him what property he had got? and where he was going?
Q. What did you say to him about confessing in the way of a promise? - Nothing to that purpose at all.
Q. Then it seems nothing passed about your cousin at all? - Very few word; nothing that I can bring against him.
Q. Did he say that he had received them of him? - He did not.
Prisoner. I leave my defence to my counsel.


                  JOHN
                   LAWSON
               



             sworn.
Q. When was the first time that you was in company with the last witness and the prisoner together? - I cannot recollect the day but it was after he was taken.
Q. Did any thing pass about his forgiving of him? - By no means.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 27.)
Prosecutor. My lord the prisoner being a youth of few years, I hope you will consider his mercy.




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
