





65. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             was 


               indicted for an assault
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Knapp.)


                     JOHN 
                     DAWS
                  




               
            , Esq.
 sworn.
Q. Was you on the 18th of July, going home, or in your way home, going down Ludgate Hill? - I was; I think it was about ten minutes after ten in the evening, I overtook the prisoner just by the church on Ludgate Hill


; I heard him insulting, and calling another little man names, very abusive; I then interfered, and told the little person, that Davis was insulting, not to regard him; he was walking behind him, and calling him names; he then went on to the corner of the Old Bailey; I then took hold of this person, that he was insulting, by the arm, pulled him from him, and advised him to go on the other side of the way, and if Davis followed him, to charge the watch with him. I then went on towards the Bell Savage Inn, when the prisoner was exceedingly abusive to me for interfering. I told him, I thought, he was a cowardly fellow, for insulting a man of the size of the gentleman that I had desired to go away, and he put himself in the attitude of boxing; he put his hands up, I told him it should not provoke me to strike him; I told him, that I believed, in such cases, people generally come off second best, then a croud gathered around, and they called out, a fight! a ring! I endeavoured to go on, I was pushed forwards towards the prisoner, and finding they began to hustle me, I suspected I should be robbed; I then put my coat over my breeches pocket, and my watch, exactly in this position; as I stood in this position, he gave me a violent blow on the side of my nose, which laid it all open; I saw a watchman come up with a woman, whosecured him; in the moment he gave the blow; he struck me, and endeavoured to get away, but I believe, the people assisted him, to take him.
Q. I ask you, whether you ever put yourself in a posture of defence, or in an attitude to strike? - I did not, I told him, I believe, that if I was with him in a room, I should not be afraid of him.
Q. How long did you feel an inconvenience from this blow? - I was obliged; to have a doctor, he attended me a fortnight; I was confined to my room, for two or three days; it cut through the bridge of my nose.
Jury. We can see the mark.
Prisoner. When I first met you, in what manner did I meet you? - Was not you quarrelling with another little man? Did not I say to him, don't quarrel with that man? and you said, d-n you, you rascal, what is it to you. I left you then.
Prisoner. And then you came to me, and said, if I would go with you to a coffee-house, and fight you, and beat you, you would give me a crown bowl of punch? - I did say so.
Prisoner. Did not I turn to you, and say, never mind, he is only a taylor.
Court. Do you know what the defendant is? - I understand, that he was a porter
, and discharged.


                  JANE
                   SOWDEN
               



             sworn.
I happened to be on Ludgate Hill, on the 18th of July. I saw Mr. Daws; I was returning from making a visit, and going home to St. George's Fields from the city, I saw that gentleman, and this man, and another man, a short little man; and I discovered a fray between this man and the little man; there seemed a sort of a stand and a halt between them. as if the little man was very much afraid of this man, and they were inclined to make a riot in the street, or to make a fight; the gentleman there, Mr. Daws, I did not know him then, he said to the little man, go on my good little fellow, and go about your business, for this man is too strong for you, he will lick you; he would kill you, if you was to fight with him; go along my good honest fellow, go home; and the little taylor, as I heard this man call him, went on; the gentleman said to this man, you should not use these expression; you should not call him, my little taylor, because it aggravates the man; let him go quietly home about his business; and the gentleman spoke in a most gentleman like manner; and this man, the prisoner, he rather halted, and sidled up to Mr. Daws, and he said, pray, sir, why do you interfere, what business is it of your's? Mr. Daws said, my dear fellow, it is nothing at all to me; but I don't like to see a fellow creature ill used, and you appear to me, to have quite set on that little fellow, that is gone away; then the young man talked to Mr. Daws, and behaved in a civil manner at first, and this man said, you had no business to trouble yourself with it; and I believe, he made rather up to him; Mr. Daws said, I would rather have this watchman for my second; Mr. Daws said, I would not attempt to fight you here, if you could lick me in a room, I would give you a crown bowl of punch, but I am not a fighting man. In the course of half a minute, the prisoner said, if you are a gentleman, you should not put on a poor man; and by this time, there was a mob, and I thought, perhaps, it would go very hard with the gentleman, on account of this man striking him a blow; he hit him a blow with his hand doubled, a very violent blow, indeed, on the face; I saw him hit him on the face.
Q. Did you see Mr. Daws put his hands up in a posture, as if he was going to fight? - I cannot say I did, uponmy word and oath. I am rather of opinion they were down.
Q. Did you during the whole transaction ever see Mr. Daws strike him at all? - I did not. He charged the watch with him.
Q. How came you to see this transaction? - I was in my road home, and I had the curiosity to observe it.
Q. Prisoner. Did not you come to the watch-house that night, and speak very partial on my side that night? - I came to the watch-house.
Q. Did not Mr. Daws give you money at Guildhall the next day? - He gave me five shillings.
Q. How much has he given you since? - Nothing.
Q. What has he promised you since? - Nothing; he gave me the five shillings for my kindness in attending.
Q. Did not he give the watchman half a crown? - I cannot say, what he gave the watchman.
Court to Daws. How did you find this man? he has been out at bail.
Clerk of the Court. His bail brought him in the first day of last Sessions.
Mr. Knapp. There has been something said about the watchman being your second, did you mean to fight? - I did not; I said, he should be my second, and I would charge him with the watch.


                  WILFORD
                   TIFFIN
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you know Mr. Daws? I do not.
Q. Should you know him by sight? - I know neither of them; except that night, I never saw neither of them before. I am a bookbinder. As I was coming home about ten o'clock, or about half past ten, I saw a mob in Ludgate-street; I was coming from the Strand; I live in Castle Baynard; I was in my way home, I saw a mob, and a watchman; and the watchman that took charge of the prisoner, and I, crossed the way together; I saw this Mr. Daws put his fist clinched up to the other, calling him a d-n'd rascal, a d-n'd scoundrel, and asked him, if he would fight; the watchman and I stood as spectators at the time; the prisoner Davis said, that he was a very poor man, and he appeared like a gentleman, he did not mean to affront him, if he did, he begged his pardon. Mr. Daws called him a number of ungentleman-like names; there was no blow at that time between either of them; he was as close as could be, for one man to put his fist against another; this man stood with his hands in his pockets all the time. This gentleman, Mr. Daws, told him, that he understood boxing, and if he would go with him to a tavern, he would fight him, and if he licked him, he would give him a crown's worth of punch for his trouble; the prisoner said, he would go with him any where to fight him; he was not afraid of him, or he would fight him there. Mr. Daws did not seem in a mind to fight him there, but he would, if he would go into a private house; it was in consequence of his being ill used, that made him strike Mr. Daws.
Q. Now at the time he struck Mr. Daws, was Mr. Daws's fist clinched before him? - Mr. Daws, I suppose, was going, he had just turned, and the mob said, that he was big enough to take his own part.
Q. On Mr. Daws's being turned, were the fist of Mr. Daws in a clinched position against the prisoner? - I cannot say, they were; then I went to the watch-house, where the watchmen themselves said, that they thought that Mr. Daws had justice done him; this was said to me only. I said, I would appear the next day to the Magistrate's at the Alderman's; when I appeared, I was too late, and the constable told me, that the gentleman had made a present to the woman of five shillings, and to the watchman of half a crown, and that they were bothagainst the prisoner, I left him when he got his bail.
Q. At the time that Mr. Daws had his fist clinched, did he or did he not tell him that he would fight him? - He said he did not wish to fight in such a public manner.
Q. Did not he make use of that expression at the time his fists were clinched that he would not fight him, that he would fight him in a tavern? - This he said some time before he was going; I dare say it was a quarter of an hour the whole business.
Q. You say that during one part of the time Mr. Daws's fists were clinched? - Yes.
Q. How long was that before the man gave him the blow? - The man gave him the blow just as he was going; it might be ten minutes after that.
Mr. Knapp. You say the prisoner struck, you are sure Mr. Daws's hands were not clinched? - He was going at that time.
Prisoner. I think it is a very hard case, I have been in the Poultry compter for eight weeks, and I think it is a very hard case that I should be insulted in such a gross manner by him.
Mr. Knapp addressed the jury on the witness's evidence, for the prisoner.
GUILTY.




               Recommended to the lenity of the court
            .




               To be imprisoned a fortnight
            .
Tried by the first London Jury before
Mr. RECORDER.
