








132. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PARSLEY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARBER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of December
, two cloth great coats, value 15s. a pair of stays, value 8s. a mussin gown, value 5s. a silk petticoat, value 1s. a silk cloak, value 2s. a cotton bed gown, value 1s. a stuff gown, value 1s. and a silk handkerchief, value 6d.
             the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               




            .
The witnesses examined separate by the prisoners desire.


                  WILLIAM
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I live in James-street, Covent-garden


; on the 13th of December, as I went home, I was told by my wife that she had lost my great coats, a cotton bed gown, and an old black gown, that is all she told me of at that time, but I understood afterwards that there was more gone.
Q. Will you tell me what you found out yourself? - A muslin gown, a pair of stays, a cotton bed-gown, a silk handkerchief, a green silk petticoat; I don't recollect any thing else that was gone; they were my wife's.
Q. What did you do to find them? - I understood on Saturday night therewere four men taken up on suspicion, they were the prisoners; I had given notice on Monday morning at Bow-street, that I would attend when I was called for, I was called upon on Monday morning to attend at Bow-street, where I saw my two great coats.
Q. Who apprehended the prisoners? - Two of the officers in Bow-street, and a man that lives in Denmark-street.
Q. Have you any body to prove that they were about the house at the time? - I believe not.
Q. What time on the 13th of December did you go home? - I suppose about three in the afternoon.
Q. Who apprehended these people? - Croker, Hatch, and Kane, Kane was the first man that saw them, I only saw them at Bow-street.
Q. What day of the week was the 13th of December? - Friday.
 -KANE sworn.
I am a bearer, and grave-digger of the parish of St. Giles's, in the Fields. On Thursday, the 13th of December, I saw the four prisoners at the bar about two o'clock; Parsley, Williams, Barber and Brown, I saw them in Lloyd's-court, leading to Denmark-street, I saw at first in company together, Parsley and Williams separate from Barber and Brown, Parsly or Williams, which, I cannot swear to, having a bundle in possession, Parsley and Williams went into the shop of Mr. Bulrance's, I saw as they were going along, a green silk petticoat hanging out of a bundle, I had a suspicion that they were stolen from the fire, there had been a fire that morning; I went to the adjoining public house, and communicated my suspicion; the landlord did not seem very anxious towards helping me to take him.
Q. Will you give me the name of that landlord? - His name is Goby, he keeps the Eight Bells, he was not exceeding well; as I was coming out I met Croker in possession of Barber and Brown on suspicion; I says to Craker I am as glad I have seen you, as if any body had given me five guineas, there are two gone in the shop over the way with a swag, Croker and I immediately went into the shop, and when we went into the shop, we found the prisoners, Parsley and Williams standing on one side of the counter, the things were on the opposite side of the counter, on a little shelf, on the left-hand, the things that were brought in, Croker enquired for the things that these men brought in, and Bulrance said here is the things, I will not lie about it, and delivered them up; says I, if these be the things there is a green silk petticoat among them, and a green silk petticoat was produced on the counter among the articles; we took the prisoners into custody, and brought them to Bow-street, and they were cemmitted for trial.
Q. Did you enquire of them at all how they came by the things? - I never enquired about them, Mr. Croker said he knew them to be thieves.
Mr. Knowlys. I am for Parsley; where do you live? - No. s, Denmark-street.
Q. This green petticoat was the thing that particularly caught your attention? - Yes, and the look of the men together; I knew one of them to be a thief, I knew two of them before.
Q. This green petticoat had particularly caught your attention? - I saw it taken out of the bundle, it caught my attention from the other things.
Q. Of course at Bow-street you mentioned the circumstance of the silk petticoat? - I did, as I have done now.
Q. You gave your information at Bow-street, it was read over to you, and you signed it? - It was so.



                  Q. 
               


            There was no omission of this green petticoat in the information? - I particularly told them that.
Q. Then when it was read over to you, you observed that they put down that circumstance? - I did not particulasly observe that they put down that circumstance, I stated it to Mr. Bond, and the other magistrates, when I was before them.
Q. Was it not read over to you? - It was read over to us all.
Q. Did you tell them they had left out the green petticoat? - I did not.
Q. Why did you not? - Because I did not.
Q. You say you observed some swags go? - I said I saw them go in with a swag.
Q. The gentlemen of the Jury would with to know what a swag is? - I believe there are very few gentlemen here on the jury but what know what a swag is; the meaning is, a bundle of clothes that are stolen from any place, they pretty well know the meaning of that, that are thieves.
Q. This word swag, where did you pick it up? - When I was a patrole, in the parish of St. Giles's in the Fields.
Q. That means then a bundle of linen does it? - I have heard thieves say so.
Q. You seem to be pretty much acquainted with thieves? - I have been, and have suffered by them.
Prisoner. That man he said he saw five or six swags go into that man's house, a little while before he saw us go in? - I said I had seen two or three people go in before into Bulrance's, he keeps a kind of an old clothes shop.


                  WILLIAM
                   BULRANCE
               



             sworn.
I keep a clothes shop.
Q. Look at the prisoners at the bar? did you ever see them before? - Not that I can charge my memory


                  Q. 
               


            Look at them? - I really cannot swear to the identity of their persons, that I could not.
Q. Then you think you never saw the prisoners before? - I would neither say one thing or the other, as I cannot swear to the identity.
Q. Is Kane the last witness in court? - Yes.
Q. Look at that man, do you know him? - Yes, he has been about five or six weeks in the neighbourhood, he has taken an old house in the neighbourhood.
Q. Have you ever seen him in your house? - No, yes, I recollect seeing him on the day there was a parcel of clothes brought in, a lot of wearing apparel; he came in along with another person of the police, at the time there was a mob in too.
Q. Then you do remember some one day that Kane came into your shop? - Yes, and another of the police.
Q. Was any body in your shop when Kane came in? - I was looking over a little bundle of things.
Q. Pray what might be in that bundle? - There was a petticoat, a gown, but I cannot recollect all the things now, I was put in too much agitation, I must own.
Q. What sort of a gown? - I really could not be positive, but if I was to see the things I believe I should know them.
Q. Was it a muslin gown? - I believe it was.


                  Q. 
               


            Was there a bed-gown? - I cannot be positive.
Q. Do you recollect any thing like a pair of stays? - Yes, there was.
Q. Was there a stuff gown? - That I cannot charge my memory with, there was a silk handkerchief, that I can well remember, because I looked at it.
Q. Who might bring these things into your shop? - I will tell you thecircumstance; I was in the back room, and I saw through the window, between that and the shop, the shadow of a person, and a knock on the counter, saying do you buy clothes; there was one person only, I came out, and the bundle was on the counter, and I went naturally to look at the bundle.
Q. The bundle did not come there of itself? how came the bundle there; must not you look at the person that brought the bundle? - I did not pay any great attention to the person.
Q. How many were there? - There were one person at that moment, but another came in at the moment, at the same time, and asked for a pair of boots, while I was untying the bundle, of course I threw a pair on the counter, for him to look at, which I had just purchased; while I was looking over the bundle there came in a person to ask for one thing or another; nevertheless as I could do but one thing at a time, I was looking over the bundle, to ascertain the value, as I had just done that, there came in I fancy two police officers, for there were a number of people came in all at once, and took the man that had the boots, I can remember that, because there were a pair of boots in his hand.
Q. Did they take any body else? - I believe they might, but then there was such a mob in the place.
Q. What do you think of the man that brought the bundle, did they happen to take him? - I am almost at a loss there, because I cannot swear to the identity of the person.
Q. You saw the man that brought the bundle, because he came first? - The plainest recollection that I can have of the man, is that he was in a scarlet waistcoat; I am sure if I was on oath I could not swear to his person.
Q. You mean to say that on your oath you don't know they took the man that had the bundle? - Not theidentical man.
Q. I put a plain and simple question, and I will have a plain and simple answer; do you mean to swear that you don't know that they took the man that brought the bundle? - I could swear that I don't know the identity of the person.
Q. I ask you whether you don't know that they took the man that brought the bundle? I will have an answer, or I will commit you to Newgate. - I should imagine they must indeed.
Q. Will you swear that you don't know that they took the man that had the bundle, let the man be who he will? - If I did but comprehend rightly how that is.
Q. Will you say that you don't know that they took the man that brought the bundle? - I would not swear that they did not take the man.
Q. Will you swear that you don't know that they did take him? I will have an answer. - I wish to give you an answer; I could swear that I don't know that they took the man, I only want to comprehend.
Q. Do you mean to swear that you don't know that they took the man that brought the bundle? I can swear this, that I am not sure that they took the man that brought the bundle.
Q. You say you are not sure they took the man that brought the bundle? Do you believe they took the man that brought the bundle? - I might there to be sure, say, that they might take the man that brought the bundle.
Q. Do you believe they took the man that brought the bundle? - Yes, I do believe it.
Q. Then why do you believe it? - I cannot come home positively to that.
Q. But why do you believe it? - Because they took some men away, therefore I should suppose, but if I knew.
Q. Are you not sure that they took the man that brought the bundle? - I believe they took the man that brought the bundle.
Q. Have you a doubt about it? - Shall I mention one circumstance more.
Q. No, I ask you if you have a doubt about it? - I believe.
Q. Have you a doubt about it? - I will give you an answer to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Have you a doubt about it, say yes, or no? - No.
Q. Now sir, what did you mean by saying just now that you was not sure, and now you tell me that you have not a doubt about it? did you ever see the man that brought the bundle, or the man that came in after him before? - I would with you to put that question again.
Q. Did you ever see the man that brought the bundle before? - Certainly not, or else I should have recollected him, I think I should be sure of it.
Q. Now sir, you say a man came in and asked about the boots? had you ever seen him before? - No, I recollect to the best of my memory, you may depend on that.
Q. Are you sure that you never saw the man that enquired about the boots? - No, I never saw him before.
Q. Then of course you must have looked at him; now look at them, and tell me whether either of them are the men? There is not a man there that I can swear to the identity of his person.
Q. Then you don't believe, on your oath, that either of these men were in your shop on that day? - I am sure I could not know them again.
Q. Then you don't believe that either of these men were in your shop on that day? - I more believe on their being taken; I cannot recollect them at all in the shop.


                  Q. 
               


            Then you do not know that you saw them in your shop that day? - I cannot recollect in the least.
Q. Try if you cannot recollect which of them were taken away with the bundle? - I am at a loss every way, for I do not recollect the identity of one person whatever. While I was looking over the bundle, naturally asking one thing or another about them, my attention was more to the things I was looking over, than to the persons which were in the shop.
Q. Was this all that passed? Do you make a rule of not observing people that come to your house? - Yes, I observe them when I deal, when I ask the price, we wish first to know the price they ask; frequently when I have looked at bundles that come, I have not misded the people who brought them till I have looked at the bundles, and then I ask the price, and then I naturally look at them.
Q. Now, sir, why do you say that was all the passed? In what respect, my lord.
Q. You know it is not all that passed, therefore tell me what passed? I am sure I cannot in the least recollect.
Q. Did you see a man of the name of Croker? Did not he say any thing? I remember Croker being there, because I have seen him over and over.
Q. What did Croker say? Croker asked me what bundle had been brought in? I had them on the counter examining; I said here is the bundle that was brought in to be disposed of.
Q. Was that all you said? I said, I will tell no lie about them, I have no meaning of prevarication as I know of, I assure you; I have not the least doubt but the officers will give me a bad character; but wherein is the ground of it?
Court. You have done enough to impeach your character.
CROKER sworn.
I belong to Bow-street.

Q. Will you tell us that you know respecting the prisoners at the bar, to have happened on the 13th of December last? - On the 13th of December last I was going towards Tottenham-court-road, me and Mr. Hatch, a constable, belonging to Pancras, near St. Giles's church; I saw Barber and Brown, the two lads, standing near the church, near Denmark-street? I says to the officer that was with me, there is a couple of young prigs, I immediately went with him towards them and desired that he would not let them run away, as I meant to search them; I accordingly came up to them, and they had some money in their hands, some silver; I enquired of them whether they were sharing the money or not, with that we took them into custody, Hatch one and me she other, and steared towards a public house; I walked about three or four or five yards, immediately comes Kane up, one of the evidences that you have heard before; and he says to me, Mr. Croker, I am very glad to see you; says he there are four of them, and two have gone into that house; with that I left the prisoners, Barber and Brown, in charge of Hatch, while I went to the shop where Kane had told me; the others had gone with a swag to Bulrance's shop, where I understood the other two were; I went to the shop, I immediately saw Williams and Parsley in the shop; I immediately demanded the bundle of the man of the shop.
Q. Did you see any body belonging to the house? I saw Bulrance the man belonging to the shop behind the counter.
Q. What was he doing? He was the opposite side of the counter, but nothing was on the counter, he was at the window, I took and handkerchief immediately out of my pocket to secure them, and at the same time I demanded the bundle that they had brought in, the bundle was untied.
Q. Where did it lay? - It laid on the opposite side of the counter on a window I believe, some where on the window, it was not on the counter till he gave it to me; the prisoner Williams told me that they had no bundle; and Parsley told me that he was buying the boots.
Q. Pray at this time when you first went in, was there any body in the shop besides these two men? - I think there was a woman in the shop.
Q. There were no men, no strangers in the shop? - Only what came in with me, there was nobody in the shop but customers, except the two prisoners.
Q. What was the least time that you knew of there being in before you went in? - It could not be three minutes.
Q. Now was Bulrance near the prisoners? - It did not appear to me they were talking to him; he said at last I must tell the truth, and he handed them over to me on the counter loose saying, here they are.
Bulrance. You saw me looking at the very things.
Croker. I then searched them and took possession of the other two, and took them all over to Mr. Bond.
Q. How long might you be in the shop before you took them away? - I believe I might be there for three, or four, or five minutes; I searched them in the shop, I tied their hands in the shop.
Q. Then you searched there, did Mr. Bulrance go away or did he stay while you searched him? - He staid in the shop all the time, and I left him there.
Q. Pray had Bulrance an opportunity of seeing the prisoners faces that were in the shop? - As well as I have of your's.
Q. Because I understand from him that he hardly saw them? - I took him before Mr. Bond soon after, and he wanted to persuade Mr. 
               
                  Bond
               


             the same; Bulrance was with us at six o'clock when he saw the prisoners again, he hesitated a great deal, Mr. Bond had a vast deal of trouble with him; likewise the grand Jury had a great deal of trouble with him.
Q. You have no doubt, I understand from you, that he saw him most clearly all the time, and you was in the shop four, five or six minutes? - I am sure that he must have seen him as well as me, and must have known him, I was there long enough for him to have taken more notice a great deal, when I detected him in such a matter as that.
Q. Did Bulrance and these people appear to be strangers? - I cannot say whether they were talking together or not, the young men were on the opposite side, I came in in a great hurry, and the old man stood looking at me, I believe he was terrified.
Mr. Knowlys. When you came in Parsley told you that he was buying a pair of boots? - He did.
Q. Then you found him looking at a pair of boots? - I did, I charged him with the bundle and he said I am buying a pair of boots, and he had the boots in his hand; Williams said, when I taxed him with the bundle, we have no bundle; I spoke to Williams as knowing of him the best, and Williams said there was no bundle.
Q. You then addressed yourself to Parsley and they both denied the bundle, and then Bulrance said I must tell the truth, here is the bundle; on your oath, do you mean to say, that when you first went in, Parsley said any thing about the bundle? - I taxed him with it, and particularly mentioned the green petticoat.
Q. The first account you gave was this, you asked Williams where the bundle was, and he said there was no bundle? - I spoke in general to the prisoners and the man. They both denied it, and Parsley said that he was buying a pair of boots.
Q. Which you found to be true so far as appearances went? - Just so.
Prisoner Brown. Did you find any thing on me? did you see me searched? - Yes, but I cannot tell immediately what Hatch found on him.


                  ROBERT
                   HATCH
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the two first prisoners Brown and Barber with Croker.
Q. You did not see the other prisoners? - I did not take them. Croker and I took the other two to the public house near the church, and he left them with me while he went over to this Bulrance's, while he went in and took the other two into custody. I searched them all and found nothing material on any of them.
Q. You had no conversation with Brown or Barber about it? - None at all. I have got an handkerchief that I found in Bulrance's house belonging to Mrs. Smith.
Bulrance. I know this handkerchief to my opinion, and I will tell you how, when all the people were gone, a woman comes in at the door and says, there is an handkerchief down from the counter on the ground, I goes to look and took it up, and Mr. Hatch came back from the office, and said, there is an handkerchief wanting, then says I, there is an handkerchief that the woman picked up.
Q. Who brought that handkerchief? - I don't know, I never saw it till I saw it on the ground.
Q. Will you swear that you never saw that handkerchief till you saw it on the ground? - I will, so help me God.
Q. Now you are positive, I wish you would be so plain as to tell all the rest.
Q. You have heard what Mr. Croker has said, now then I ask you, for I keptyou for that and other reasons, whether you have any doubt that some or one of the prisoners was not in your shop at that day? - I could not swear positively, not to the identity of their persons, and that is the only thing that stops me.


                  ELIZABETH
                   SMITH
               



             sworn.
I am the wife of the prosecutor, I live in James-street, Covent Garden.


                  Q. 
               


            How far is that from St. Giles's where the Church is, to Denmark-street? - I really cannot tell you, I am a stranger to that part. These are my stays, I know them by this tucker being on them. I know also the bed gown and black Cloak.
Q. How and when was it you lost them? - I lost them on the 13th of December, between one and two; I had seen them a quarter of an hour before I lost them.
Q. Where were they? - In two back parlours, my things all lay on the bed.
Q. What do you mean by your things? - My own wearing apparel, my stays laid on a chair at the head of the bed; the other things were in the next parlour.
Q. Had you left the room so that any body could come in and take the things, without any body seeing them? - I went down stairs and shut the door that goes into the two parlours.
Q. How could any body get into the parlour from the street? - The street door is all the day open, and there is a hatch, and from that hatch the parlour door may be seen; the parlour door is a little distance from the hatch; I went down stairs, and when I came up I missed my things, I was not down above five minutes.
Q. Could any body see you go out of the parlour in the street? - Yes, they might if they were looking through the hatch.
Q. How was it that you found out it was done by the prisoners? - We did not know any thing of it till the next Saturday night, this happened on Friday, on the next day, Saturday afternoon I was took dangerously ill, and kept my bed some time.
Q. In the course of that morning did you happen to see any of the prisoners at the bar about your house? - I cannot say that I did.
Q. Did you ever see them before? - No, I cannot recollect.
Court to Croker. How far is this lady's house from where you saw the prisoners? - About a quarter of a mile.
Prisoner Parsley. I leave it to my counsel.
Prisoner Williams. I was coming down Denmark-street, and I saw a clothes shop, Bulrance's shop, I went into it, and asked him for a pair of boots, and he said he believed that he had a pair that would suit me; as soon as I got in, about a couple of minutes, these people came in, and Mr. Croker laid hold of me, and they asked me if I had brought any things in? I said I never brought any in; as to the things that Mr. Croker brought to my charge, I never saw any thing of them before in my life.
Prisoner Brown. The morning that this happened I got up, and I went down to see my mother, she lives with my uncle; I went down to work, and my mother was taken very bad; I went to my sister in Shoreditch, and told her of it; and coming back from my sister's I met this 
               
                  John
                   Barber
               



            , knowing him about six years ago, I went to school with him, I stopped him at St. Giles's Church, I had not stopped with him there five minutes before a man they call Mr. Croker, and Mr. Hatch came up and took me over to the public house, and when I was set down they came and brought the two men in, and those clothes; the men nor the property I never saw with my eyes before; but John Barber I know by going to school with him.

Prisoner Barber. I had a job to do at Mr. Willett's, in Smithfield, and I had been home to dinner at my father's, he lives in the parish of St. Ann's; he has lived there for this five years. I was coming from dinner to return to work again, and I met Barber, and had hardly spoke to him two words, before Mr. Croker and Hatch took us to a public house to search us, and they brought over two others, and laid a charge of a robbery to us that I am innocent of. I don't know whether my friends are present now, I know they have been present all day.
John Parsley, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 26.)
James Williams, 

               GUILTY
            . (Aged 19.)





               Transported for seven years
            .
John Brown, 

               NOT GUILTY
            .


                  John
                   Barber
               



            , 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice GROSE.
