





41. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 8th of November
, a wooden box, value 6d. a black silk cloak, value 10s. a silk bonnet, value 4s. four aprons, value 4s. five handkerchiefs, value 3s. four caps, value 4s. three pair of stockings, value 5s. six silver teaspoons, value 12s. a pair of shoes, value 3s. half a pound of tea, value 2s. and half a pound of sugar, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Harvey
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH
                   HARVEY
               



             sworn. - I live at Mr. Willis's, at Highbury Terrace: I left my box at the General Post-office till I got a place; I lately came from the country; I was at my place when the box was lost; it was to be sent for me; I left it in the apartments of Mr. Beak; it contained the articles set down in the indictment; they were there two months.


                  THOMAS
                   WELDON
               



             sworn. - I am servant to the Islington carrier, Robert Redly: I received this box on a Friday in November, between one and two in the afternoon; I put it into the cart, and as I was going to meet my master at the top of St. John's-street, I turned to go down Compton-street


, and I saw the box drawn quite back; I had put it close in the fore part of the cart; I had no other box in the cart; I had two chests of drawers; I then moved it to the fore part of the cart again, behind my back; and I had not drove five yards before I felt the box go from my back; I immediately got down, and saw the prisoner go from the cart with the box; I went up to him, and he dropped the box, and drew a knife immediately, about seven or eight inches long; a woman that keeps a green-stall sat upon the box while I went after the man; I followed him round the corner, but never lost sight of him; a gentleman on horseback, Mr. Cooke, put spurs to his horse, rode after him, and stopped him; I then returned, and delivered the box to my master; and the prisoner was brought to me; there was no direction to the box; (the box produced;) the chests of drawers that I had were for the same person; a smith came up to me as I was drawing my horse up, and I said I knew he was robbing me; he was close behind the cart when I saw him with the box.


                  RICHARD
                   BENTLEY
               



             sworn. - I am a smith: On the 8th of November, I saw the prisoner take a box from a cart, and go away with it; I believe the prisoner is the man.


                  THOMAS
                   COOKE
               



             sworn. - I am an engraver, at Shacklewell: On the 8th of November, I was coming to town, and saw a man and his pursuers; I rode after the man, and told him, if he was a thief he should not escape, and if he was an honest man he would turn back; he said he was no thief, he had only had a quarrel with his wife, and the parish officers were after him; I went back and told them that they were mistaken; then the carter came up, and said he had lost a box; I then pursued him; he turned down a narrow passage, and I after him, but it being paved my horse's heels flew up; he then took across a field, and I rode round by the turnpike road and met him; I had him in view the whole time, and then some people came up and caught hold of him; I did not see the knife, but I was told he had one.


                  JOHN
                   RANGER
               



             sworn. - I am a tailor; I heard the cry of stop thief, I was at work upon my own board, in Corporation-row; I saw several people running, and a gentleman on horseback riding very fast; I came down stairs and put on my shoes, and followed, and I saw the prisoner with a knife in his hand; he said, d-n you, I will stab you; the prisoner made across the field, and I after him; he turned round to me, and said, d-n your eyes, what do you want, and presented this knife at me,(producing it), and swore he would stab me; I took this stick out of a boy's hand, (producing a large stick), and said, d-n your eyes, if you don't put the knife up I will break your arm; he said he had been to sea, and the gang was after him; I told him if that was so, I would see him righted; then he put up the knife, and went with me, when I got across the field, the gentleman on horseback came up, and forty or fifty people besides, and he was secured.(The property was produced, and deposed to by the prosecutrix).
Prisoner's defence; I had been into the Skin-market to get my knife ground, and a woman that I had cohabited with laid an information against me to get me to sea, and I saw her at a public-house door, and she said that is the man, and then I ran away.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 25.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron CHAMBRE.
