





107. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SPENCER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, within the Tower, on the 20th of October
, six hundred pair of stocking, value 30l. and one hundred and thirty pair of woollen blankets, value 40l.
             the property of our Sovereign Lord 
               
the King




            .
(The indictment was opened by Mr. Raine, and the case stated by Mr. Const.)


                  ROBERT
                   LUCAS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am a carman: I was employed by 
               
                  James
                   Wilson
               



            * to take a cart up to the Tower


, from the stand, I cannot tell what the day of the month was, but, I believe, it was on a Thursday, between two and three months ago; I went up to the broad-walk in the Tower, and Mr. Wilson gave orders for the cart to be loaded by the soldiers belonging to the Train of Artillery.
*Wilson was convicted of a similar offence in the former Sessions.
Q. Who craned the goods down into your cart? - A. Some of the Train of Artillery up from the Tent-room.
Q. Was Spencer one of the men who helped to crane the goods into your cart? - A. I am not sure, but I suppose so, because he always helped to load the carts with Sharpe.
Q. Did the same persons crane down the goods into your cart, upon that day, as used to do it? - A. Yes.
Q. Where did you take the goods to? - A. To Mr. Wilson's house, in Leman-street, by Mr. Wilson's orders.
Q. How many casks were there? - A. I took them in for fifteen.
Q. About what weight each? - A. An hundred and a half a-piece.


                  THOMAS
                   SHARPE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. I was a labourer
 in the tent-room, in the Tower, with the prisoner at the bar.
Q. What was the use of the tent-room? - A. There are tents, and all sorts of stores, kept there.
Q. Did you know Wilson? - A. Yes; he lived in Leman-row, Leman-street, Goodman's-fields; he was clerk to Messrs. Hodgson and Hayter, packers in the tent-room. I remember Lucas, the carman, taking away a load of goods in the month of October.
Q. Was the prisoner there? - A. Yes; there were about twelve or thirteen casks of stockings, or coverlids, or something of that sort; they were part of the King's stores; the prisoner and I put them into the casks, and they were taken away to be sold, for the advantage of the prisoner and Wilson, and me; the prisoner had received his share of the money for former things, but not for this; I paid him somewhere about eight pounds the very day that Wilson was taken; I was to have had mine at night, but Wilson being taken I never had it.
Q. Who craned these goods down into the cart? - A. Some men that were on the works; the prisoner was there, and turned them out in the crane, to let them down where Wilson received them; Wilson went with the cart, and I went in the evening and unpacked them; Wilson took them up stairs into his room.
Q. Do you remember what they were? - A. They might be coverlids, I cannot say what they were.

Court. Q. Were the bundles tied up like stockings? - A. They might be stockings, or they might be other things.
Mr. Const. Q. I believe you did not confine yourselves to any one particular thing? - A. No.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. I believe you steal, by wholesale, all that you can say your hands upon? - A. Yes.
Q. That is the character of the man that is now giving evidence? - A. I am sorry for it.
Q. How much have you got, now, by robbing government? - A. I cannot say.
Q. For any thing you know it might be one of the Artillery-men, as well as this man; we have only your veracity for that? - A. He was concerned in packing them.
Q. Whether Spencer was really the man, or any other person, we must take from you as far as we can believe you? - A. Yes.
Q. I believe this man continued in his employ to the very time of his being taken up? - A. Yes; he did.
Q. Will you take upon yourself to swear, that the goods which you stole (no matter who accompanied you in it) on the 20th of October, and that Lucas carried away, were stockings or blankets? - A. I don't know that they were.
Q. Do you know on what day Wilson was taken? - A. On a Saturday.
Q. That was generally known? - A. Yes.
Q. Spencer came to work on the Monday following, did not he? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. Do you recollect whether there were blankets or not? - A. I cannot say.
Q. How are stockings made up, are they in paper bundles? - A. Yes, a dozen in a bundle; the ends of some are covered, and some are not.
Q. Did you, or not, see any stockings when you packed or unpacked them? - A. I cannot say.
Q. There are no articles in the tent-room that have the same appearance with bundles of stockings? - A. No.
Jury. Q. Did you unpack the whole thirteen casks yourself? - A. Yes.


                  JOHN
                   GRIFFITHS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Raine. I am a constable belonging to Lambeth-street office, Whitechapel: On Saturday, the 29th of October, I searched Wilson's house in Leman-row, and found fourteen half hogsheads in the parlour, the heads were out, and they were all empty; I went into the one pair of stairs room, and saw thirty-one waggon-tilts; and in the two pair of stairs room, thirty-three pair of blankets, ninety-four pair of sheets, and one hundred and one coverlids, one drum-case, and two hundred and ninety-five pair of white worsted stockings, such as military stockings; I brought them all to the office in a cart, along with Wilson, they have been locked up ever since; Wilson was committed, tried here, and convicted, On the Monday following, I took Mr. Spencer into custody; after Wilson's conviction, the goods were all returned to the Tower; I was present at returning them, and counting them out.
Cross-examined by Mr. Knowlys. Q. You took Spencer, in the Tower, at his usual place of work? - A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH
                   ROSEMAN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. I am a labourer in the tent-room; I received from Mr. Griffiths a parcel of goods that are here to be produced.


                  JAMES
                   SLATTER
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Const. Q. Look at those stockings, and tell us if they are part of the King's stores? - A. They are.
Q. What are the value of them per dozen? - A. Twenty-two shillings and eleven-pence.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing of the transaction, I never received any money in my life.
Jury. (To Roseman.) Q. Was it Spencer's duty to be constantly in the tent-room? - A. Yes.
Q. Could they be removed without his knowledge? - A. I think not.
Q. How many labourers are employed in that warehouse? - A. There were five then.
The Prisoner called four witnesses, who had known him from five to eleven years, and who gave him an excellent character.



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 41.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the first Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice LAWRENCE.
