





80. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WATKINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
,5 lb. of mutton, value 12 d. and 8 lb. of beef, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Rogers
                  




               
            .


                  BENJAMIN
                   ROGERS
               



             sworn.
I live in Newton-street, High Holborn


; I am a butcher
; I lost some mutton and beef on the 19th of December, between nine and ten at night; I lost two breasts of mutton; they were laid down on the stall-board for sale; I had seen them not five minutes before; they were worth 18 d. at least; there was a piece of a loin and a piece of a leg, and two pieces of beef; I got the mutton again, in about ten minutes, in the prisoner's apartment; I ran to fetch my boy, and when I returned, all my meat was gone; one of the Bow-street officers came down the street; I told him; and by information I went to the prisoner's apartment with this Jacobs; he was coming down stairs; says I, Mr. Watkins, I was looking for you (they told me his name was Watkins); I found the meat under the bed and the chair; but the people in the street said, d - n his eyes, let his bloody tripe out, and I ran down; I was afraid they would have hurt him; the prisoner was taken afterwards to the watch-house; he had a large knife in his pocket; I can swear to the mutton and beef; the piece of beef was sold, and chopped; and the loin was cut remarkably.


                  THOMAS
                   HESLOP
               



             sworn.
I am a watchman; I took the prisoner at the White-hart, in Newtoner's-lane; he was standing in the tap-room; I did not see him drink; in his pocket I found a long knife, open, what we call a case knife.
Prisoner. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice WILSON.




[Transportation. See summary.]


