





34. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ASHBURTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing on the 29th of November
, 22,500 iron nails, value 31 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Hatton
                  




               
            .


                  WALTER
                   HATTON
               



             sworn.
I lost 22,500 nails on the 29th of Nov. the prisoner was a servant of mine, I lost them all at one time; I suspected the prisoner for some time previous to the robbery, I employed him in the capacity of a carman
, to drive the cart and takecare of the horses, and it was his custom to get up in a morning half an hour or three quarters of an hour before the other servants.
Court. That might be a proof of his diligence. - I had reason to suspect him, and applied to the patrole of the parish to watch him coming out of the house in the morning. I desired him to wait half an hour longer to see if this man brought any property out with him. I suspected that I had lost nails frequently, but I did suspect my servant.


                  WILLIAM
                   MULLEIN
               



             sworn.
I am a patrole, on the 29th of last month; I stopt the man coming out of the house; Mr. Halton requested I would stay a little longer than usual to watch his house. Our usual time to go off is six o'clock; between six and seven, on the 29th, I heard a chain fall inside of Mr. Hatton's door, I went immediately the other side of the way, and waited for about ten minutes, and then I went and stopt close by the door till the man came out; I followed him till he got out to go to Mr. Hatton's stable, and under the left side of his coat he had got a parcel; I asked him what he had got? he said a few nails, I said where are you going with them? he said to the stable yard, it is in St. John's-street, I told him he should not take them to the stable, he must go along with me, he was my prisoner; from thence I conveyed him to the Cooper's-arms, in Cow-cross; I took that parcel from him that I saw in St. John's-street, and in the Cooper's-arms, I found three other parcels, one he took out of his pocket, and two I took out; so there were four in the whole. I sent for his master directly, and his master came. I have got the nails in court; they have been in my box ever since. The prisoner did not say whose they were. (Produced and deposed to.)



               GUILTY
            . (Aged 36.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron PERRYN.
