





574. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 29th of September
, a half-guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Hayward
               




            .


                  WILLIAM
                   HAYWARD
               



             sworn. - I am a journeyman smith
: On Saturday the 29th of September, between the hours of eleven and twelve at night, I lost half-a-guinea.
Q. Were you drunk or sober? - A. Quite sober. As I was going home on Saturday night, at the corner of Portland-street, I met the prisoner, she said she was very cold, and asked me to give her something to drink; I gave her a glass of liquor at the door of a public-house in Portland-street


; I was within a minute's walk of my own house, and this woman pulled me about, and I caught her hand in my waistcoat-pocket; I took hold of her hand, and squeezed it against my side that she should not draw my money out; then she drew her hand out of my pocket of close, that I could not perceive that she had taken any money out; I then went into the public-house, and had a glass of gin, to see whether I had lost any money or not, and I missed half-a-guinea, and some silver, I had about nineteen shillings in my pocket in all; I sent for a constable, and he found the half-guinea in her mouth, at the watch-house, I saw him take it from her.


                  HENRY
                   BATES
               



             sworn. - I belong to Mary-le-bonne watch-house: The prisoner, was brought in by the watchman and prosecutor, nigh upon twelve o'clock at night; the prosecutor said he had been robbed of half-a-guinea, and some silver; I was searching her for near a quarter of an hour, I made her open her mouth, and I heard something grind against her teeth; I did not like to put my fingers into her mouth, and I got the bowl of the watch-house key into her mouth, and then I took it out.(Produces the property).
Prosecutor. I believe this to be my half-guinea.


                  WILLIAM
                   HEARNE
               



             sworn. - I am a watchman: I put the key into her mouth, and the half-guinea dropped out.
Prisoner's defence. I met with a gentleman who took me to a house in Wimpole-street, I was with him near three hours, he walked with me back into Cavendish-square, and gave me half-a-guinea and some silver, and I was to meet him the next evening at eight o'clock; I went a little further, and there was a man in liquor, not this man, who asked me if I would have something to drink; he had a glass of gin, and I had a glass of peppermint, and in pulling out my money to pay for it he saw the half-guinea; when I came out, he said, he would have that half-guinea; I told him it was my own, and he said he would have it, and he called the watchman, and they took me to the watch-house; I never saw the prosecutor in my life till the day after I was taken to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 36.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
