






230. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     WARBURTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Milner
                        



                     
                   on the King's highway, on the 16th of April

 last, and putting her in fear, and feloniously taking from her person and against her will, a paper band box value 2 s. one pair of black Morocco shoes value 4 s. two necklaces value 20 s. a pair of pockets value 2 s. six handkerchiefs value 6 s. and divers other things, her property
            .
And 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MATTHEWS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving a parcel, part of the said goods, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  MARY
                   MILNER
               



             sworn.
On the 16th of April I was stopped and robbed; I was coming out of Harris's-court, Oxford-street



, it was about 11 at night: 
               
                  Hannah
                   Warburton
               



             took the box from me and gave it to another woman; there were no words passed, it was gone in a moment, she clicked it away; I had it in my hand then, she knocked me down on the pavement, and then she stamped upon me; I got up, and then there came some gentlemen to me; I kept the bundle; she has rendered me incapable of getting my bread, she has hurt me so. There were upwards of 30 l. in money and things in the box, I never recovered any of them; the pawnbrokers have some of them.


                  RICHARD
                   SLAUGHTER
               



             sworn.
I am a pawnbroker; I produce some articles which were pledged with me by the prisoner Matthews; he brought some of them in the forenoon, and some in the afternoon on the 17th of April; I stopped him in the afternoon.
Mrs. MILNER.
These things are all mine.


                  THOMAS
                   MANSFIELD
               



             sworn.
My Lords, I am an officer; on the 17th of April the pawnbroker sent for me to take Matthews into custody.



                  CHARLES
                   SAGE
               



             sworn.
On the night of the 16th of April, past 11 o'clock, I heard a noise in Oxford-street, and watch called; I ran and asked what was the matter; 
               
                  Mary
                   Milner
               



             told me, that the prisoner at the bar had robbed her, and knocked her down, and trod upon her; I took her in custody to the watch-house: I am a patrol.


                  JOHN
                   DAVIS
               



             another patrol sworn,
Who confirmed the testimony of the last witness, and added, that he conducted her to a magistrate next morning; the prisoner said she would not be had in that manner; she said that 
               
                  Sarah
                   Matthews
               



             was with her the night before, when she took the box. The inspector of the watch was walking with the prosecutrix; I called him, and she told him the same, and we went to her lodgings but did not find her.
PRISONER WARBURTON.
I am a shoebinder
 by trade; I had been to Adam-and-Eve-court to take home my work; coming near to the end of Berwick-street, she was stooping down I believe, and somebody came behind me and pushed me over the woman; when I recovered myself I got up and gave the woman the bundle and her pattens; she was not sober.
To Davis. Did you not see me deliver the pattens to her? - When I came up I believe she did give her one patten.
PRISONER MATTHEWS's DEFENCE.
I found the things at the corner of the church-yard, St. Giles's; I lodge there; several waggons go in and out of that yard; I did not take all the things out of the bundle.


                  HANNAH
                   WARBURTON
               



            , 


               GUILTY of Stealing
            .
JOHN MATTHEWS, 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for fourteen years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice ASHURST.





[Transportation. See summary.]


