





314. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, a silver watch, value 2 l. 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Howard
                        



                     
                  ; another silver watch, value 2 l. 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bowering
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        John
                         Brown
                     



.


                  WILLIAM
                   HOWARD
               



             sworn.
I am a coachman
; I live with Mr. Whitbread; I lost a watch in February, at the Eight Bells, in Hackney


, it was Tuesday morning the 26th; I had seen it hang up that morning, about six o'clock, by the bed side, and I missed it between the hour of six and seven that same morning. John Brown keeps the Eight Bells; I left my watch up two pair of stairs, in the room where I slept; another young man 
               
                  John
                   Bowering
               



             slept in the same room with me; I never found my watch, it has not been heard of; I never knew the prisoner before he came to the Eight Bells, he came on the 22d of February, and absconded on the 26th, he lived as post-boy, he drawed beer there, he sleeps in the same room, he got up before us, he took both our watches, we pursued him, and catched him in Fleet-street that same day, about one o'clock in the afternoon, he had Bowering's watch about him, and the duplicate of the other: I knew Bowering's watch whenI saw it; I found out the pawnbroker by the duplicate he had upon him.


                  JOHN
                   BOWERING
               



             sworn.
I slept in the same room and lost my watch; I had seen my watch that morning; I saw it the evening before when I wound it up, and hung it up; we both missed them partly the same time between the hours of six and seven; I was at the taking of him; I found my watch on him; I have got it here; I had the watch about three months.
- TRINDER sworn.
On the morning of the 26th of February, the prisoner at the bar brought this watch, and offered it to pledge (I am positive it was him) between the hours of eight and ten; I live at No. 32, St. Martin's-lane, the West End of the town. (Deposed to by Howard.)
JOHN BROWN sworn.
This here prisoner at the bar had lived with me, and absconded from the house, on the 26th of February, before I got down stairs, after I called him in the morning at six o'clock.
Prisoner. I was in distress, I am sorry for it, it was the first offence.




               GUILTY of stealing to the amount of 39 s
            . (Aged 13.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Baron HOTHAM.
