





371. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     PALMER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of February
, a silver laced hat, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Floyer
                        



                     
                  , Esq
. and one great coat, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Proctor
                        



.


                  JOSEPH
                   STUBBS
               



             sworn.
I cannot swear to the prisoner. I opened the door of 
               
                  Charles
                   Floyer
               



            , Esq. I am his servant: there was a knocking at his door some time in February; a person came for a pair of stays of the cook; I left him in the hall, and called one of theservants on the stairs; during the time I was calling the servant, he went away, and I missed the things.


                  WILLIAM
                   BALL
               



             sworn.
I am servant to Mr. Floyer: I remember Stubbs calling to the other servants; and there was a cocked laced hat, Mr. Floyer's property; and a great coat, the property of Mr. Proctor, who was on a visit to Mr. Floyer; I had seen them about an hour before that, hanging in the hall, the coat on a chair, the hat on a nail.


                  GEORGE
                   ZEAL
               



             sworn.
I am an officer belonging to Litchfield-street: I went and got a description of the prisoner, and apprehended him; I went to the lodgings where he was in bed with a girl, and found a duplicate of a great coat, pawned the 24th, and this hat under the bed; he said the hat was his.
(The hat deposed to.)


                  THOMAS
                   JONES
               



             sworn.
I am a pawn-broker: I know the prisoner; he pawned a great coat with me the 24th of February, about eight in the evening; I asked him some questions, as it was too large for him; he said it was his brother's, and he lent it him.
(The great coat deposed to by Mr. Proctor.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The hat I have no knowledge of; but the Monday before I was in custody, I bought the coat of a Jew; I gave nineteen shillings for it; I pawned it again for fifteen shillings; the same evening I met with a woman of the town, and went with her to her apartments, and staid that evening; in the morning the officers came to this woman's apartments, and took me.
Court to Zeal. What day was you informed of this? - I heard it at a public house.
Stubbs. I saw the prisoner the day following.
The prisoner called two witnesses to his character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Justice HEATH.
