





435. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ASTON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
 last, 560 lb. of hog's bristles, value 60 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .
(The case opened by Mr. Garrow.)
(The witnesses examined separate.)


                  PETER
                   CRAWFORD
               



             sworn.
I was foreman to Mr. Smith in his manufactory, and my business is to deliver out to the men some bundles of bristles or hair; it was about a quarter before eight: six or seven bundles, what we call ten-penny hair, that he was to work up the next day; they carry home the blocks, but they never carry home the bristles; about ten minutes after I delivered these bundles, I had some suspicions from Mr. Matthews's communication, and I assisted him in searching for the hair I had given to the prisoner; we could not find it. We got a warrant next morning, and went to a house which I knew to be the prisoner's house: the constable went in; after some difficulty, I think he broke the door open; he went up stairs to the roomof the woman with whom the prisoner cohabited; she ran up stairs and fastened the door; the constable broke in and found a trunk, with hair of different sorts, and part of that which I had delivered out to the prisoner the night before. I have every reason to think it is Mr. Smith's property; there was a mahogany chest of drawers filled with hair, that was a very valuable commodity; I believe it to be Mr. Smith's property; he had not missed it; it is supposed to be of the value of 60 or 70 l. The prisoner had worked for Mr. Smith a year and an half; he said he bought it of a man who was to call again.


                  HENRY
                   MATTHEWS
               



             sworn.
I met the prisoner peeping into the room which we call the boring-room; he stood at the door looking to see who was coming up; it struck me as particular; I spoke to him; he said he was going to make some number fixes; I told him to make them long ones, and left him: I enquired who made the dust-brushes; I went to see for the prisoner, and he was gone; I immediately went up stairs to see whether those hairs were there which Crawford said he had given him; I could not find them any where by diligent search: I obtained a search-warrant the next morning; I went with the constable and Crawford to a house; I never learned from the prisoner that it was his house; the constable opened the door; the prisoner cohabited with them, and looked down the staircase, and he said he wanted to speak to her; she ran up stairs and locked the door; he repeatedly asked her to open it, which she refused; he immediately broke the door open, and there was a basket covered; this basket contained the hair described to me by Crawford, which he had given to the prisoner.
Was that the bag that they usually carry the blocks home in? - It seemed to me to be of that sort.
Do you ever permit them to carry the baskets home? - By no means, but the blocks they do. After I had found the basket, I ordered them to go and secure the prisoner: I found also a basket with 3-qrs. of a hundred of hogs bristles; I have not the least doubt but they were mine; there was likewise another basket in the room with hogs bristles in it; below stairs there were three drawers full of hairs; and the fourth drawer had some in it; the value was 70 l. they all belonged to Mr. Smith, I think; but I cannot positively swear to any part: we took them to Union Hall; the magistrates returned them to us; we have had them ever since. I was before my Lord Mayor; the prisoner said then that he bought them; he could earn five and thirty shillings a week.


                  THOMAS
                   CAVE
               



             sworn.
I apprehended the prisoner (corresponds with the last witness.


                  JOSEPH
                   FISHER
               



             sworn.
I have been two or three times with the prisoner at this house; I know it was his house.


                  JOSEPH
                   MIFLIN
               



             sworn.
I tied up the baskets.
(Deposed to.)


                  JOSEPH
                   WHITEHEAD
               



             sworn.
I believe this is a part of the hair I weighed in the evening of the 20th, for the prisoner; I have no doubt of it.
PRISONER'S DEFENCE.
I bought these at Bristol myself; I can produce some more, and they cannot tell a difference.
The prisoner called seven witnesses, who gave him a very good character.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. 
               
                  Baron
                   HOTHAM
               



            .
