





332. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GULLIVER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
, one stuff gown, value 3 s. one linen gown, value 6 s. a pair of stays, value 8 s. two aprons, value 2 s. a pair of stockings, value 12 d. three handkerchiefs, value 2 s. a shawl, value 2 s. a silk hat, value 5 s. a shirt, value 2 s. five caps, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Blakeway
                  




               
            , spinster
.


                  SUSANNAH
                   BLAKEWAY
               



             sworn.
I lived in Parker's-lane


, the prisoner robbed me of all my clothes; I went there on Thursday, I went to sleep with the prisoner, I did not know she was a girl of the town, I never knew her before; another girl that I have not catched, enticed me to this prisoner's lodging, it was about three in the evening, in the afternoon, I paid the landlady of the house three-pence for sleeping there; I lighted on the girl in the street, and asked her for a lodging, and she took me to this lodging; I went to bed when it was getting duskish, at about ten I awakened, and missed my things; I awaked about ten, and found my things gone; the prisoner would not go to bed, but she was in the room, when I awoke; the prisoner never came back, and in the morning I went and told the landlady, and she said I should have taken better care of my things; I lost the things in the indictment, I had nothing left but my shift, and stockings, and cap, an handkerchief, and an old petticoat; I came from Shropshire on Saturday to get a place; I took the prisoner the next morning at the top of Parker's-lane, but I cannot read, she had my cap and ribbon on, and my pocket in her pocket; another girl and a man lodged in the same room with the prisoner, I went from the lodgings only in the morning; two young men at the public-house told me to go to Bow-street, it was as soon as they opened the windows, a woman told me I was got into bad company, but the prisoner and the girl said, I need not take any care of my clothes.


                  ROBERT
                   BERESFORD
               



             sworn.
I am a constable; on Saturday, the 3d of September, I was sent for to apprehend the prisoner, this girl was sitting on the bed, and had nothing but her shift and an oldgreen petticoat, and a kind of a ragged shawl; I went into a back room, and the prisoner was there, and the girl said, that in my cap and ribbon, and in the prisoner's pocket was this girl's pocket.
(The things deposed to.)
PRISONER's DEFENCE.
The other girl and a man took my cap away, and gave me this cap and ribbon and pocket, instead, I put it on, I did not know whose it was.
Constable. She said they had sold the things for nine shillings, and were gone into Kent.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury before Mr. COMMON SERJEANT.
