





80. 
               
                  ANN
                   (
                  wife
 of Thomas) SMITH
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 50 yards of linen cloth, value 50 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Gillam
                  




               
            .
- HACKER sworn.
I am packer to Messrs. Moore and Co. Cheapside; the goods were packed on the 8th of December; I gave them to the porter to take to the inn; they were marked
"
               
                  J.
                   Peckham
               



            , Wisbech."


                  WILLIAM
                   HACK
               



             sworn.
I delivered the packages to the bookkeeper of the waggon, in Bishopsgate-street.


                  WILLIAM
                   HAYLEY
               



             sworn.
I am book-keeper of Mr. 
               
                  Edward
                   Gillam
               



            's waggon; I received this from the last witness, and saw it put into the waggon, and the waggon set off.


                  THOMAS
                   WILKINSON
               



             sworn.
I drove the waggon; I took up the prisoner at the Black Dog, Shoreditch, and a man; she said she was going to Waltham-cross, but did not go all the way; she got out at Tottenham.


                  BENJAMIN
                   BUTT
               



             sworn.
I am the guard; this woman got out at Tottenham; I searched the woman, and under her petticoat, on one side, kept up by some of the bindings of the clothes, I found this cloth; it has been in my possession ever since; the man and woman went in together; she spoke in presence of the man; he went into the room before her, and the waggoner followed her.
- Hacker. This is one of the packs; it is the same that I sent to the waggon; the private mark has been rubbed off.
Prisoner. The man is my husband; we were together; he gave me a blow, and I was obliged to take this bundle; he was a bad husband.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the second Middlesex Jury before Mr. RECORDER.
