





349. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BEECH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing, on the 10th of March
, thirteen pounds weight of black tea, value 40s. thirteen pounds weight of green tea, value 40s. two paper bags, value 2d. and a hempen wrapper, value 6d.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Wallis
               



            .
Second Count. Laying them to be the property of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Boonham
               



            .(The case was opened by Mr. Knowlys.)
EBENEZER-SAMUEL OATES sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am servant to Messrs. Brewster and Gillman, Tea-dealers, in Newgate-street: There was a parcel containing thirteen pounds of black, and thirteen pounds of green tea, first put into a paper bag, and then a hempen wrapper over that, directed to John James, of Hinckley; I directed it myself; it was sent to the George inn, in Smithfield; I did not go with it; I have seen the same package since.
Q. Is 4l. about the value of the package? - A.It is; or perhaps more.


                  JOHN
                   RONSLEY
               



             sworn. - I am book-keeper to Samuel Boonham's waggon, which inns at Mr. John Wallis's in Smithfield: I received a parcel directed to John James, of Hinckley, Leicestershire, from Brewster and Gillman's porter; the waggon set out on the 8th of March; I received this on the 1st of March, but it came too late for that day's waggon; the prisoner was employed in loading and unloading the waggon.
Q. What time did you last see the parcel? - A. I saw it before three in the afternoon of the 8th of March; I have seen it since, but the direction has been taken off; I saw it on the Saturday, when the prisoner was in custody.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. Is Wallis's name John or James? - A.John.
Q. The prisoner was one that was employed to load and unload the waggon? - A. Yes.
Q. How many more were employed for the same purpose? - A. Two or three more.
Q. You did not know what was in the bundle? - A. No, I did not.
Q.The next time you saw it was at Guildhall? - A. Yes.
Q. You merely receive the parcels, and book them? - A. Yes.
Q. Then the only knowledge you derive is from your books? - A. No; I know the potter that brought it.
Mr. Knowlys. Q. You only know that the parcel was delivered to you by Brewster and Gillman's porter? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. Mr. Wallis was not responsible for this, but Mr. Boonham? - A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH
                   WILTSHIRE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am servant to Mr. Wallis, at the George inn yard: On Friday night, the 9th of March, about seven o'clock, I saw a parcel hid behind a wool-sack in the yard; the waggon goes of a Thursday.
Q.Did you see what the parcel was? - A. No; it was in a hempen wrapper, under an old mat, at the upper end of the yard, near the gateway.
Q. Could it be seen without removing the mat? - A. No, it was concealed; I was desired to sit up at night to watch it; the next morning, about five o'clock, I saw the prisoner come and take the wrapper away; it was before the yard was open, and I told Mr. Wallis of it, and he and Mr. Brown went after him.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. When was it you saw it there first? - A. The 9th of March.

Q.How long had the waggon been gone? - A. A day.
Q.There was abundance of time for any man that had stolen it to have taken it away? - A. I cannot say.
Q.Did you ever, yourself, find a bundle, and take it away? - A.No.
Q.Had you not curiosity enough to examine what it contained? - A. No.
Q.Then you had no means of knowing it again? - A. Yes, I knew it when I saw it again, because I had marked it.
Q.That was after you had taken it from the prisoner? - A. Yes.
Court. Q. Did the bundle, that was brought back by Mr. Wallis and Brown, appear to be the same that you had before seen in the yard? - A. Yes.
Mr. Alley. Q. Do you mean to swear that the bundle you afterwards marked, was the bundle that was in the yard? - A. Yes, I can swear it is the same bundle.


                  RICHARD
                   WILTSHIRE
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am a watchman in Mr. Wallis's yard: On the 9th of March, about nine o'clock at night, the prisoner came out of the tap, he told me he had got an old mat, under the archway, to take home; I said, take it, knowing he was one of my master's head servants, and we had a pot of beer comfortably together; he said, d-n it, let it be till another time, I will not take it, and he went without it; about half past four o'clock in the morning he came up, and asked if I had seen any loose horses about, I said, no, he was the first man or horse I had seen that morning; he said he must take a waggon and horses to assist a waggon of my master's, that was overset near Highgate; I said, he must have my master's leave first; he went to call Mr. Brown, the book-keeper, and turned round to the left, and took up the mat, and I let him go out; as soon as he was gone out, 
               
                  Joseph
                   Wiltshire
               



             started up from under a fail-cloth, where he lay concealed, and said, d-n me, watch, open the gate, and see where the old mat is gone; says I, d-n the old mat, what is it good for? says he, there is property in it; 
               
                  Joseph
                   Wiltshire
               



             went after him, and an alarm was given.
Cross-examined by Mr. Alley. Q. You knew this man to be a very honest good fellow, or else you would not have permitted him, as an honest watchman, to have taken away even an old mat? - A. I thought him master's head servant.
Q.You did not see any thing in it, of course? - A. No, I did not.
Q.And if there had been any thing in it, you would not have permitted him to have gone out with it? - A. No; he took it up just like a parcel of old rags under his arm.
Q.You saw the old mat, but never saw any bundle? - A. No.
Q.You will not say he took any thing away but the old mat? - A. No.


                  JOHN
                   WALLIS
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I am proprietor of the George inn: I apprehended the prisoner, about ten or twelve minutes after the alarm was given; I afterwards went with Mr. Brown to his lodgings, a very little distance from the yard, and Mr. Brown chucked down the parcel; Wiltshire had given me information of it on the Friday evening; I went to see it, and minutely examined the direction, and the truss and mat; when I found it again, the direction was gone, but I have no doubt in the world it was the same bundle.


                  THOMAS
                   BROWN
               



             sworn. - Examined by Mr. Knowlys. I went with Mr. Wallis to the prisoner's lodgings; I found the truss up one pair of stairs, under the bed.(The truss produced.)
Oates. This is the truss that I packed and directed.
The prisoner left his defence to his Counsel.



               GUILTY
             (Aged 30.)




               Transported for seven years
            .
Tried by the London Jury, before Mr. RECORDER.
